###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 1
Lola’s POV
“I, Grayson Dawson, Alpha of the Moonlit pack, reject you, Lola Ashton, as my mate and Luna of this pack”, I heard Grayson’s voice reach my ear and a single tear ran down my left cheek as it felt like my heart was being ripped out of my chest.
Why me? Why am I always on the receiving end of bad things? What have I ever done to deserve this? I wanted to scream and shout at him. I’m his mate, his fated one and he’s rejecting me because I’m the runt of the pack? More tears ran down my cheeks and I saw him smile at my misfortune.
“I, Lola Ashton, accept………”, I did not finish my sentence before he held me up by my throat and snarled in my face. His eyes had already changed colors so I knew his wolf was in charge.
“You will not reject me, slut. I am your owner and I tell you what to do and when”, he slapped me across the face and threw me on the ground.
I struggled to catch my breath and tears ran down my face freely. I shouldn’t have been born, I haven’t done anything to deserve this at all.
Jasmine howled in pain in my head and I doubled over in pain clutching at my chest. I just want this to be over and done with, maybe when I die all these pain will go.
I heard mocking laughter above my head and looked up only to see Freya. Freya is the daughter of the current beta and soon to be Luna. She’s everything I am not- beautiful blue eyes with shiny blonde hair, killer body, glowing skin, strong and extremely wicked.
She stood there with her minions looking at me with pity? I couldn’t quite place what that emotion in her eye is. She laughed all of a sudden and kicked me in the stomach. She pulled my hair and slapped me making me fall back on the floor.
“You actually thought you could be Luna? That Grayson will pick you over me? You’re just a worthless bitch that nobody will love, you bring bad luck and misfortune to people around you. You’re a whore that will die alone because no one wants to be with you”, she spat in my face and kicked me in the ribs with her heels.
I could not say anything because it would be deemed rude which would worsen my punishment. Her minions held me up as she slapped me repeatedly and punched me in the stomach.
She laughed maniacally as I screamed out in pain and tears ran down my cheeks. When she was done with me, she threw me on the ground, making me hit my head in the process.
Jasmine was quiet in my head, she’s always trying to take all of my pains away but the abuses never stop. We’ve hoped for 8 years that we’d finally find our mate, our one true love bestowed upon us by the Moon goddess and they will love us unconditionally, that’s what mates do. We really hoped we’d be free from this slavery, constant mockery and abuse but all that has gone down the drain now.
All these sufferings started 8 years ago when my parents, the then Alpha and Luna of the Moonlit pack died in a rogue incident and the blame was placed on me. I was just 10, I did not know what really happened, one moment I was chatting happily with Mom and Dad and they were gone before I could blink my eye.
The pack blamed me and stripped me of my Alpha powers, they could not allow a traitor to rule them. Till now, I still don’t know what I did wrong, I don’t know what went wrong, I just had to bear the brunt of it all because the current Alpha who was my father’s Beta said so.
I was demoted to an omega, the lowest rank for any wolf, the biggest insult on any wolf of high ranking. I became the slave of the pack at a young age, all the people who were nice to me became my enemy and treated me like trash.
“Jasmine, I’m so sorry for putting us through all of this, if only I wasn’t so weak, if only I can stand up for us. I know you’ve always wanted your mate, I’m so sorry Jas”, I cried through our mindlink.
“None of this is your fault Lola, I’m sorry for not being able to protect you more. If only I could shift and take all your pain away”, Jasmine whimpered in my head sadly.
Nobody has ever seen Jasmine, I’ve only ever met her once myself and that was before Mom and Dad passed away. She’s a pure white wolf with golden eyes. She’s a very pretty wolf but Mom and Dad said I have to keep her hidden, they never told me why.
I knew I was special, Mom always called me ‘her special little wolf’. Others got their wolf at age 16, Alphas got theirs at age 14 but I’ve had Jas since I was 8 and besides, I’ve never seen anyone with a pure white wolf and golden eyes.
Everyone thought I don’t have a wolf and looked down on me because of it. We’ve not been able to shift even if we wanted to because we don’t have the energy for that. There’s barely enough to eat and the beatings we get each day is enough to weaken any wolf, I’m surprised I still have Jasmine with me.
I suddenly felt fire in my lower stomach and cried out painfully, people were passing but no one paid me any attention, nobody cares if I die, they actually wanted me dead.
Jasmine howled in pain in my head as the pain ran wildly through every vein in my body and I knew Grayson was already getting it on with Freya. This is why he did not allow me to reject him, he knew I was going to be in pain if he’s with another woman besides me, fresh tears started pouring down my cheeks.
I weakly stood up and went towards my room in the cold basement, the pain did not stop, it only got worse. I could barely see where I was going and tripped twice. I wanted to curl up and die, it felt like lava was running through my veins and I removed all my clothes and laid on the stone bed that I always sleep on.
The pain gradually subsidised and Jasmine went silent in my head. She was so sad, I was very sad too. I just wanted to be special to someone, I don’t want a lot.
I knew I had to escape this hellhole somehow, I had been bearing it because of the thought of a mate but now that there’s nothing here for me, I had to leave.
Grayson and Freya’s coronation as the new Alpha and Luna is tomorrow evening, I have to leave. Jasmine and I deserve better and I need to give it to her.
Hang in there Jasmine, I’ll get us out of here as soon as possible I promise, I said to Jasmine and heard her lowly whining in acknowledgement of my words as I drifted off to sleep.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 2
Lola’s POV
I was startled awake when I felt water on my body, I was still processing where the water could have come from when I felt stinging pain across my cheeks. I opened my eyes and saw Aaron, Grayson’s best friend, standing over me with a bucket in his hand. He must have dumped the bucket of water on my head.
“Get up bitch!”, He barked at me making me stand up quickly, almost tripping on my feet. I remembered stripping myself of all my clothings the night before and rushed to cover my body earning myself another slap on the cheek. I fell down, hitting my head on my stone bed. I felt sticky liquid trickling down my forehead and lowly hissed in pain.
“You think because you’re Gray’s mate, you’d be treated differently? You’re just a stupid nobody that will never be recognised. Freya is our Luna, you’re just a wretched bitch that will die lonely”, he said to me mockingly and kicked me repeatedly.
I’m sure my body has fresh bruises, the ones that were there are still taking time to heal. I have to get Jas and I out of here, I’d die at this rate if I refuse to do something.
“You have a lot to do today, we’re crowning our new Alpha and Luna today and everything has to be fully prepared for that”, he barked at me. I nodded my head meekly while looking at the floor.
He held my chin roughly and made me look him in the eye, “You should be grateful I came to get you and not Grayson. You were trying to seduce whoever came to get you? Nobody will want you, your body is not even attractive. You’d be good to relieve stress though, pathetic little bitch”, he spoke as he groped me.
I felt disgusted and wanted to crawl out of my skin as he touched me. Tears poured down my face but I dare not talk back or refuse or I’d be in more trouble.
“Be out in 5 minutes bitch, or there will be consequences”, he barked at me and left me after slapping me one more time. The torture and pain never stop. We all used to be friends then they suddenly turned on me. I wish it will stop, I haven’t done anything wrong.
I knew I had to get up before the punishment gets worse, I always get up early, I must have been so drained from what happened yesterday. I got up, went to the basin at the corner of my room and washed my face and wore my dirty gown like that.
I packed my once platinum blonde hair that’s now dirty brown due to the dirt that has accumulated in it. I’ve never enjoyed basic amenities since I became an omega, no new clothes, I only take my bath once in a week and barely have enough water to wash my hair or even look remotely good. I only eat leftover from the pack, sometimes I’m not even allowed to eat. This is not a life I’d wish on anyone, even the poorest in the pack don’t live like this.
I limped to the kitchen, doing my best to avoid pack members to avoid any additional punishment or insult that morning. As my luck would have it, I met the current Luna, Grayson’s mom and Freya in the kitchen discussing clothes and fashion.
Immediately I entered the pack kitchen, Luna Natalie sprung on me and barked out orders. Freya looked like she was enjoying my pain as Luna listed out what I’m supposed to do before her son’s coronation tonight.
I nodded my head and she left the kitchen with Freya behind her, not before she “accidentally” spilled the drink she was having before I came in and broke the the glass, leaving it for me to clean.
I sighed in relief as they both left without touching me, they must be in a good mood today. I rushed to wash the plates used by the pack members that morning. My stomach grumbled as I thought about food, I had not eaten anything since yesterday afternoon and I probably won’t be getting food till evening. I sighed and carried on with my job.
The pack’s ballroom was next, I had to make it squeaky clean or get a beating from Luna Natalie. I got to work cleaning it and was done by noon. I had to clean the whole pack house too and could barely stand by the time I was done. I hate my life.
I haven’t heard from Jasmine all day, she was probably still recovering from yesterday night. The wolf feels it most when their partner have sex with another she-wolf. I felt so sad for her and that only fueled my determination to break free from this cruel pack that has deemed me worthless.
Hearing voices, I snapped out of my thoughts and tried to make myself small on instinct. It was probably time for lunch, my stomach grumbled again even though I know I won’t be getting any food till nighttime. I felt him before I saw him and went still as I felt him move closer to me, I dare not look up at him if I do not want more problems to myself.
He lifted my chin and looked into my eyes, he smirked evilly at me and I felt my ears ringing before I could even process what was going on. He slapped me. I did not even do anything wrong and he slapped me, I heard people around me laughing mockingly.
“You dare to be in the same room as me and look me in the eye,slut? What have I told you about disrespect and the consequences that comes with it”, he growled at me angrily and gripped my chin to the point that it started hurting.
Tears streamed down my face and Jasmine whimpered lowly in my head, her mate was hurting her and she could not even communicate with his wolf side because she had to stay hidden for our safety. She receded to the back of my mind, leaving me to face this monster alone. I guess I’m on my own now.
“I need to teach you a lesson that will permanently put you in your place, a lesson I should have taught you sooner. You’d be ready for me tonight, I’d take you however I want and you’ll take it like the whore that you are. Make sure you clean up nice after my coronation tonight, I’ll deal with you and others can have their turn”, he said and loud cheers went off in the room.
could not believe my ears. He was going to rape me, he was going to rape me, they’re horrible people but no one ever dared to take my innocence. I’ve lost everything, I can’t lose the only dignity I have left.
I felt disgusted and wanted to puke out my insides, how can anyone be so vile and cruel? He said he wanted to rape me and everyone cheered him on? Freya was in the room when he said it and she had no problems with that?. Just great.
He said right after their coronation, I need to get as far away from here as I can, I can’t go on like this. This pack is fucked up and I refuse to live like this anymore, I’d rather go rogue than live in a pack that has no mercy for who was once a part of them
They shortly left and I fell to the ground, I was still in shock of what I saw and heard. He was going to break me completely and then give me to his friends to humiliate, I won’t wait for such to happen.
I’ll protect you, Jas. I’ll protect us, I’ll not let anybody taint you, I’d rather die running, were my thoughts as I finally found the strength to leave my position in the floor and made my way to the basement.
Tonight. I have to leave tonight!
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 3
Lola’s POV
Tonight. I have to leave tonight.
I sat down on my stone bed thinking about my life so far. Jasmine had been holding on for too long, I couldn’t let her go through this anymore.
I used to be almost everyone’s favorite in the pack until Mom and Dad passed. I don’t know what came over Aunt Natalie and Uncle Andrew, Grayson’s mom and dad. It’s like they’ve been waiting for the opportunity to make me worthless. They used to be very nice until they were not.
People that were not in the pack before that incident did not know I am the daughter of the last Alpha and Luna. Everybody in the wolf world thought I was dead, that’s what I heard.
I can’t get raped, I can’t get my innocence taken away from me and by that vile bastard nonetheless. I have to come up with a plan, I don’t care if I die running, I have to leave this fucked up pack before I am humiliated.
I have to eat this afternoon, I’ll need the energy if I’m going to be running. That bastard is definitely going to send people after me so I have to be in my wolf form.
“Jasmine, you there?”, I mindlinked Jas and she whimpered in response in my head. “I’ll need you tonight, girl. I’ll need you if I’m ever going to make it out alive. I can’t let him do this to me, to us, we have to fight our way out of this bondage. We waited because we thought we might find love but it’s over now, Jas, we need to run”, I said pleadingly to Jasmine.
“I don’t know if I can do it for us, Lola. What if we get killed on sight because of my fur color? What if he catches up to us? What if we don’t make it alive? I’m so weak and I’ve only ever shifted once, I don’t want to let you down Lola”, Jasmine said weakly in my head and fresh tears ran down my cheeks. We don’t deserve any of this.
“Jas, we need to try, girl. There’s a full moon out tonight, I heard we get stronger when there’s a full moon, maybe that will give us strength to propel forward but we can’t stay here tonight. We might find help in another pack, anything but here Jasmine”, I said to her.
“You’re right, we’ve been taking this for too long. It’s time we break free and start over, we run tonight”, Jasmine said in my head with new found determination.
Her words made me see rays of hope and new found determination. I stood up and made my way to the pack kitchen to see if there’s any food I can make do with till evening. I need to eat to at least get enough energy to run.
I went to the kitchen and there were slaves running around cooking up a feast for Freya and Grayson’s coronation. I was disappointed and was about to leave when I spotted Jane. Jane is an elderly woman and she used to be our head cook. She’s the only one in the pack who doesn’t treat me like I’m beneath her, she can’t be nice to me publicly though or she’d be punished.
She saw me as I was about to leave too and came to meet me in the hallway. She hugged me with tears in her eyes and I hugged her back too. She has always been like a grandmother to me.
She pulled me towards a dark corner in the hallway where she broke down in tears seeing my state. She’s not been to the pack in a while, I guess she quit her job but why was she back tonight? She saw her mouth moving and tried to listen to her over her thoughts
||
‘……..heard he rejected you and chose Freya anyway. I’m so sorry, Lola, no one deserves to be treated like that by their mate”, she whispered with tears running down her cheeks and I hugged her again.
“You look malnourished, child, do they ever feed you? I’m sorry I left without telling you, I had to go see my daughter in another pack. She gave birth to her first child and I went to see her”, she told me while looking me over. My stomach chose that moment to grumble again, I looked down in embarrassment.
“Have you had anything to eat today, child?”I shook my head negatively and she told me she’d be back for me. As she left, I tried to make myself small and invisible to anyone passing. I can’t take anymore beating and assault today, I need to be somewhat okay for me to be able to escape.
Jane soon came back with a paper bag in her hand. She gave it to me and hugged me tightly after telling me to live well, it was almost like she knew I was going away. I thanked her and left for the basement again.
I could not eat a lot, it was almost like my body was used to not being fed and rejected the food. I sighed as I kept the paper bag, I could not let anyone find it or I’d be punished.
I was waiting for night to fall and the coronation to start while praying to the moon goddess to give me the energy and luck to escape this vile land that has done nothing but cause me pain.
I shook in my seat when I heard footsteps coming down the basement. I looked up and saw one of the pack guards and slightly relaxed, they’re not as worse as the high ranking wolves.
“It’s time for the coronation and Alpha Grayson requires you to be near the ballroom”, his deep voice boomed making me jump in my seat and I nodded my head. He turned to leave and I followed after him, I don’t want to incur wrath on myself.
I followed him to where the coronation was taking place. It looked beautiful and magnificent, beautiful flowers were used to create an arch in the doorway and was also scattered across the room. People dressed in white, women in elegant gowns and men in fitting suits, were scattered around the room chatting.
I stood out in my dirty attire and unkempt appearance, I knew Grayson brought me there to humiliate me and show me that I’d never be his Luna because I’m below him. People gave me dirty glances and some even cursed me out but I kept my head down the whole time. I stood to a side in the ballroom and made myself small.
The chatters in the room suddenly quiet down and I looked up to see Grayson in a black suit that was perfectly tailored to suit him and Freya in a blood red gown with thigh high slit that accentuated all of her curves.
She looked so good with her hair in waves that she let down to frame her beautiful face, her make up looked minimal and I, could not even deny the fact that she looked stunning. Together, they looked amazing and Jasmine howled in pain in my head seeing her mate with another she-wolf.
They made their way to the stage and people started clapping, focusing all of their attention on them. Grayson made eye contact with me and smirked evilly, that gesture made me sick to my stomach because I knew what awaited me if I don’t escape before the coronation ends.
Everybody focused their attention on their future rulers and I took that opportunity to sneak out of the ballroom and out of the pack house. The moon was high up in the sky and shine brightly, almost like the Moon goddess was making way for me.
I made my way to the end of the pack, avoiding patrol and guards. Security is not as tight at the pack boundary and I sent a thanks to the Moon goddess. Right before I morphed into my wolf,I said the words I should have said since the moment I knew he wasn’t going to choose me.
Using my original title, I said those words, “I, Lola Ashton, the daughter of Alpha Ryan and Luna Lilian of the Moonlit pack, accept the rejection of Grayson Dawson, the son of Beta Andrew and Female Beta Natalie, as his mate and chosen one”, I said and felt a surge of power through me at the same time I heard a wolf howling in pain in distant.
Jasmine took over my body and I was a pure white wolf. I felt a new burst of energy coursing through my veins, then I ran. I ran with everything in me and never looked back.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 4
Lola’s POV
Then I ran.
I ran past the pack boundary feeling the barely there bond I had with the pack break within me and I felt free. Jasmine howled in happiness as her paws hit the ground and she charged forward at full speed.
I heard distant howling and knew Grayson had sent his men after me. Jasmine charged on wildly feeling the wind in her fur, I’m sure she’s not even bothered about the fact that warriors could have been sent after us. She’s never felt such freedom before and was just basking in it
We were on unclaimed lands which means rogues could be around. I’ve heard about rogues even though I don’t know what they looked like. Memories from when Mom and Dad died seemed to have vanished but I do know rogues are dangerous wolf that have lost their touch with their human sides. They’re said to look wild and have red eyes and will kill anything in their sight.
I heard howls get closer and knew we had company, Grayson must be so desperate to have sent men after me. I don’t even mean anything to him, he shouldn’t have bothered himself with things as trivia as me.
Jasmine did not falter for once or show any signs of weakness as she charged on dodging branches and jumping over trees. I know we had to lose the wolf on our tail and also, no one can find out about us so we have to conceal our fur colour.
We passed a muddy water and Jasmine rolled in it making our fur brown and dirty. I knew that was not enough to mask our scent but it sure helped with concealing out color.
“Jas, we can’t get caught now. We need to mask our scent so we can buy enough time to get us into another pack”, I said to her through our mindlink.
“I know, Lola. We have to find a lake or large body of water and drench ourselves in it or find pile of waste to mask our scent. I don’t know how far we have to go till we reach a pack that we can crash in”, she said, not once stopping to catch her breath.
We saw a lake ahead and dived into it, it was freezing and I felt it to my home even though I wasn’t in human form. Jasmine growled lowly and slowly laid down in the part of the water that wasn’t too deep, but deep enough to conceal us if anybody passed by.
We saw about 5 wolves come into the view and stayed as still as we could. I prayed to the moon goddess that I’d not be discovered. I don’t know what will be done to me if I go back and I never want to find out. I’d rather die out here alone than go back to that evil, fucked up pack.
I felt one of the wolves sniff the air around us and Jasmine held her breath. The wolf came up with nothing and they lurked around for a while before they turned back the way they came.
We waited a while before leaving the lake and running into the forest as far as our limbs will take us. We ran into the early morning before stopping by a tree to catch our breath.
“Jasmine, let me shift back so you can rest a bit before we continue”, I said through the mindlink, she looked tired and our limbs were already brown from running all night.
“I can’t allow you shift back, human. We did not bring a change of clothes and it’s so cold out here. We need to stay in this form to conserve energy and body heat”, she said and I had to agree with her.
We did not think this through, we just wanted to escape without knowing where to go or how to go about it. I did not know our pack is so far from other packs as I’ve never been outside that pack for 8 years.
Jasmine saw a rabbit and killed it, she ate part of it and left the remaining beside her as we drifted off to sleep, the sun was high up by this time. I hope we won’t be captured in our sleep, was my thought as Jasmine rested her head on her fore limbs and closed her eyes.
We woke up when the sun had almost set and began running again. We need to find a pack that will take us in, we did not escape Grayson just to live in this place forever.
We continued this way for 2 days. Sleeping when the sun is up and running when the sun goes down. We have been in wolf form since we left Moonlit pack, our speed has reduced drastically and our fur is already brown from sleeping on the forest floor.
The third day rain started falling and we could not stop to sleep. Jasmine was about to lay down under a big shaded tree when a smell filled our nose. It smelled like a dead rat but ten times worse. Jasmine rolled in the muddy floor to really conceal our fur colour, seeing as we had company.
Through the heavy rain, we saw glowing red eyes. Rouge. The wolf looked wild and feral and the rotten smell came from it despite the heavy rainfall.
It snarled at us and our survival instincts kicked in making us growl back too. The wolf eyed us hungrily and we snapped at him daring him to come closer.
He growled loudly and charged at us trying to get ahold of our neck. She instinctively moved to the side and the rouge wolf missed. This seemed to annoy him and he made a move to snap at our left hindlimb. We did not see that coming and he bit a chunk off our hindlimb. We howled in pain and limped to the side when the wolf tried to attack us again.
We instinctively slashed at his chest and he fell backwards. We started circling each other and the rogue moved to bite the left side of our stomach. He grabbed us unexpectedly and bit off a bit of our stomach making blood stain our fur.
Suddenly a surge of electricity ran through us and the rogue was thrown back, hitting his back on a tree. He charged towards us again and we moved to the right, biting into his neck when he came close enough. He struggled to release himself but we held him down making blood spill everywhere including our fur.
We dropped him to the ground and stood on top of him, clawing at him blindly making him howl out in pain. Right before his life ended, his eyes shone with something I could not quiet place. I think it was fear, and I wondered what he saw in our eyes that made him afraid.
Once he was dead, I ran. I ran until I came across a claimed territory. I ran into the land and heard howls around me, they think I’m a rogue. I ran into the middle of the pack and felt myself being surrounded by big wolves.
They snarled at me and I snarled back. I’m not going to get treated like trash again, I’m not going to be imprisoned again. I was about to attack one of them when I felt a needle in my side, I got dizzy and fell to the ground changing into my human form. Naked.
“Take her to the dungeon and await the Alpha’s order”, I heard as I was picked off the ground by rough hands.
I thought I escaped this, I was going to really die now, were my thoughts as I lost consciousness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 5
Adrian’s POV
I sat down dejectedly at the back of the car as Thomas, one of the pack warriors I took with me, drove back to the pack. Another search for my mate to other packs proved to be futile. I have been doing this for 2 years now and all proved abortive.
What I want the most in this life is my mate, someone I can love and cherish and call my own. Someone that will rule my kingdom alongside me and bear my pups when the time is right. My own Queen.
I see my parents in love everyday and I wish I can have that for myself. My dad loves my mom so much and the same goes for her too. They have the kind of love I wish I’d always get but I haven’t found my mate.
I have been going round packs under the guise of checking up on them but my motive is to find my mate. A mate has been chosen for me but I don’t want to live like that. I will be crowned the Alpha King soon and I need my Luna beside me to get that title.
This is my last trip to find my mate, I’ve gone to every pack and still nothing. My heart felt heavy and I cursed out the moon goddess as I made my way back to the pack.
A mate has been chosen for me in case I do not find my mate, she’d be crowned Alpha Queen alongside me. I did not like that idea but Dad said it was for my own good, it was to prevent Alphas from rebelling against me. I guess I have to put my people before my desires.
We got to the pack house and I was welcomed by my Mom, at 43 she looked nothing over 25. Damn werewolf gene. I took after her facially but have my Dad’s physique. She came running out of our home and peered into the car excitedly. Her face dropped in sadness when she met it empty.
I shook my head negatively as she looked at me and she came to hug me. She held my hand as she led me into the house. We met my Dad in the kitchen area with newspaper in his hand and he looked up as we entered. He saw that I came back empty- handed and came to hug me sympathetically.
My parents have always supported me in whatever I did, I’m not even mad at them for choosing a mate for me, they’re only doing what’s best for me.
I excused myself and went into my room. Daxon sighed sadly in my head and I felt so sad for him. I want my mate too, but it’s harder for him as my wolf side to be without his true mate.
“We tried our best, Daxon. Maybe the Moon goddess doesn’t have a partner for us or maybe she’s dead. We’ve searched every pack and came up with nothing. I am the next Alpha King, I need to consider my people before my own needs now”, I said to him through our mindlink and he receded to the back of my mind, not even replying me.
I was about to undress when I felt my best friend and next Beta, Nathan trying to reach me through the pack’s mindlink. I put down my barrier and heard his voice.
“Yo man, you’re back already. Did you find her?”, he asked me excitedly. Everyone has been waiting for their next Luna since I turned 14 so I get why he’s so excited.
“Nah, bro. I did not find her. I guess the Moon goddess doesn’t have a mate for me”, I laughed dryly through the mindlink and heard him sigh.
“I’m so sorry man. Actually, I mindlinked you to tell you we found a rogue on pack lands earlier today. Dylan told the men to take her to the dungeon, we were waiting for you to come back to decide what to do with her”, Nathan said through the mindlink.
“Rogue? A female rogue? We haven’t had any rogue attack since forever. What were the patrol wolves doing when she came into the pack lands? Did she hurt anybody? And why is she still alive, Nathan?”, I said with anger.
We haven’t had rogue attack for 8 years now, the last one took something precious from me and I hate rogues with passion. They’re vile dirty creatures that do not deserve any sympathy from anyone.
“Man, she looked so weak and afraid. It was like she was running from something, she wasn’t feral, she was afraid. And she turned back into her human form once she was tranqulized. Besides, it was early hours of the morning, the men on patrol were few”, Nathan tried to make me see reason but I wasn’t having any of it.
“I don’t care Nathan, rogues are dangerous creatures and should be killed on sight. I don’t want her near my pack members, kill her Nathan”, I said angrily through the mindlink and put up my barrier.
As I removed my shirt, I heard Fay, my chosen mate come in. Fay is beautiful and loved by everyone but she’s not my mate, Daxon and I do not feel anything for her. We want mate!
“You’re back, Adrian. I heard you did not find your mate”, she whispered in my hear in what she thought was sexy and I felt disgusted.
“Get your hands off me and get out of my room, Fay!”, I growled out in my Alpha voice and she scurried out of my room. I did not want to be mated with another one other than my mate. I want to feel everything Mom and Dad have.
I was done bathing and about to get some shut eye when Mom came barging into my room looking angry. Uh oh. I don’t know what I did but Mom can be pretty scary when she’s mad.
“I did not train you to be like this, Adrian Lucas Woods!”, Mom said angrily and i knew I was in trouble because she used my full name.
“I did not do anything,Mom. I just got back from my trip and I came to my room, I haven’t done anything I promise”, I looked at her thinking about what I could have done wrong. Was it because I told Fay to get out? Mom doesn’t even like her like that, she just agreed because she’s the best option for me.
“That’s exactly what you did! You did not do anything! A rogue was caught on the pack lands after 8 years and you were not going to find out what brought her into our land? You’re the next Alpha King, Adrian, you can’t take things lightly like this. What if there are more of them and she’s a spy? What if we can get more information out of her and you gave orders that she should be killed?”, Mom exclaimed angrily and marched out of my room.
I sighed and mindlinked Nathan that I’ll be at the dungeon in half and hour and nothing must be done to the rogue. I dressed up and went downstairs to get something to eat. I’ll need the energy to deal with that motherfucking intruder.
I left the pack house and felt Daxon get restless in my head. He’s never restless and that got me worried. 2
“What’s it, buddy? Is something wrong?”, I asked through our mindlink.
“I don’t know. I have the feeling that something is about to happen at the dungeon, I can’t place what it’s going to be”, Daxon replied me back.
I quickened my pace to the dungeon, I hope I don’t shed blood today. I’m unstoppable once I start, another reason I need my mate. Fuck you, Moon goddess.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 6
Lola’s POV
I woke up to stinging pain in my side, stomach and left leg. Shit, my wounds from when that rogue attacked me hasn’t fully healed. I sat up and saw that I was in chain, silver chains. It was bound to my legs and hands but I did not feel any pain.
Silver is harmful to werewolves, I have seen people in my former pack get hurt when they touch pure sikver. I guess that doesn’t apply to me, lucky me.
I could not feel Jasmine in my head and started panicking, she’s always been quiet but right now she just seems to be missing from my subconscious.
“Jas, Jasmine, are you there girl? Jasmine, please give me a response. Something, anything to confirm that you’re still with me “, I called out in panick in my head, my eyes starting to tear up. I can’t lose Jasmine, she’s the only one I have left in this cruel world. She’s a part of me I don’t ever want to lose.
“I’m trying to get some shut eye Lola. Why the fuck is your voice so loud? I was in my form for days to protect you and disturbing my peace is what you use to pay me back? Ungrateful human”, Jasmine said playfully in my head and I sighed in relief, my tears finally spilling onto my cheeks.
“You scared me girl, I thought I lost you too”, I sobbed into the mindlink. Thank the Moon goddess.
“You can’t get rid of me that easy, girl. You’re stuck with me for the rest of your life”, she said with laughter in her voice and I laughed weakly too. She’s here forever, I need to stop panicking.
“Jas, it’s like we have a kind of connection with dark places and imprisonment. We’re back to being locked up and this time we are in chains”, I said to her with fake happiness and she laughed. Jasmine actually laughed. I haven’t heard her beautiful laughter since we became slaves in Moonlit pack.
“We’re intruders, Lola. We can’t be allowed to roam pack lands freely. We’ll probably get punished when the Alpha get here, that’s the only reason why we’re still here in this dungeon”, she said to me and I nodded. She has a point. 1
“Even if we get killed here, at least that motherfucking son of a gun did not strip us of everything. We’re going to die with our innocence intact, I could not bear the thoughts of being touched by that vile creature that should burn in fire for all of eternity “, I said with some sense of pride and felt Jasmine nod her head.
“Why are you so relaxed Jasmine? You have never been this relaxed or chatty in 8 years, am I missing something?”, I questioned her seeing as she wasn’t bothered about the fact that we were in bondage or imprisoned.
“I don’t know Lola. I just feel at peace on this land, I just know no harm will come to us”, she responded lazily and receded to the back of my mind again.
I was left with my thoughts after Jasmine went to sleep. What did she mean by that? Why are we safe in this pack? My thoughts were running at miles per hour when I heard footsteps coming towards my cell.
The door opened and a man about 6 feet tall came in. I could not really see his features because of the darkness but I saw he was well built and very masculine.
“I see you’re awake, rogue. Care to tell me why you’re on our land?”, He snarled at me and I instinctively made myself small. I’m going to die, Jasmine was wrong.
I curled into myself as the man came closer and tried to touch me. I could not look at him as I violently shook and willed quick death upon myself.
What if they’re worse than my old pack? What if I get defiled and humiliated here? What if Jasmine was wrong and we’re going to face worse things than we’ve been through? These were the thoughts running through my mind as the man came closer.
realised the man hasn’t touched me and dared to look up only to see his eyes glazed over, he must be mindlinking someone. I’ve seen people in my old pack do it even though I had no mindlink with them.
He suddenly turned on his heels and left without saying a word. I sighed in relief and continued sobbing quietly. I just wanted to die, life has not been fair to me since Mom and Dad passed. Why did they not take me along? Why did they leave their only daughter in this world filled with evil?
Jasmine did not react to all what was going on and I wanted to smack her if I could. Our lives are on the line and she’s still so chill and relaxed. What kind of wolf does that?
Jasmine suddenly got restless in my head and I laughed out loud mockingly. “Now, you’ve realized we’re in danger? You were so chill and relaxed just now, what happened to ‘i just feel at peace in this land, I just know no harm will come to us’. Why are you suddenly restless, girl?”, I said to her mockingly.
“Shush your mouth, Lola. Something is going to happen but I don’t know what it is”, she replied still moving about in my head.
“I know what it is, Jas. We’re going to die, that’s what is going to happen, do you not get it? And please settle down, you’re giving me a headache with the constant pacing in my head”, I angrily said at her. She’s so annoying at times.
I had barely said those words to Jasmine when I perceived the most amazing smell in the world. It smelled like coconut and wood pine and I wanted to stay buried in that smell forever.
My eyes widened when I realised I’ve felt this before. When I found out my mate was Grayson. I got a second chance mate!!. This is very rare in the wolf kingdom and I got a second chance. Jasmine howled happily in my head and bounced around giving me a headache.
A man came in followed by the man that came in before and stood before me, I saw his glowing golden eyes and Jasmine said the word in my head, mate.
“There’s the rogue, Alpha.”, the man from before said and all my world came crashing down.
Alpha? Another Alpha? What kind of sick game is the moon goddess playing with me?
“Mine!”, his voice boomed around us making us know his wolf was in charge. He was coming towards me when his eyes suddenly changed colours and he stopped abruptly. He seemed to be having an internal battle with himself and turned on his heels and left.
Oh, great, our second chance at love doesn’t want us too. Way to go moon goddess.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 7
Adrian’s POV
No. This is not happening. Why does the moon goddess keep fucking with me like this?
Daxon keeps bugging me to go back to see her, he finally found his mate and I’m keeping him from her. He wanted to take over my body but I had to stand my ground. Rogues took something special to me, I can’t be with one of them.
“Mate doesn’t smell like them. She’s not wild or feral, she looked afraid of us. We did not even get her name before you stormed out of there. We need to go back and get her out of there”, Daxon growled in my head and I blocked him out.
I did notice all what he stated but it doesn’t matter. She might be a spy, she could be a witch, she could be anything sent to destroy us. I can’t allow myself fall into another trap again.
I felt presence behind me and turned to see Nathan. “Hey man, you good?”, he asked, placing a hand on my shoulder.
“I don’t know how I feel about this whole thing, Nate. I’ve waited for my mate for a long time only to be blessed with a rogue. I think the Moon goddess is toying with me on purpose”, I hung my head in sadness and Nathan just sat there and listen.
“I don’t know if this helps but I think she was genuinely running from something or someone. She was covered in blood that did not smell like hers when she entered the pack lands. Also, when I went to the dungeons before you came in, she looked really terrified when I tried to get close to her to ask her questions”, Nathan sounded sincere, almost like he sympathized with the rogue.
“Mate has been hurt? I’ll find everybody that’s ever laid a hand on her and kill them without mercy. She’s mine and mine alone!”, Daxon thundered in my head and I rolled my eyes at him.
“I thought I blocked you out?”, I sighed into the mindlink.
“We need to go and get mate! We need to talk to mate, we need to hold mate! I don’t want to be away from her any longer. Don’t make me forcefully take control, Adrian, it will not be good for everybody”, he growled threateningly in my head and I mentally face palmed myself. I was about to reply him when I felt Mom trying to mindlink me.
“Adrian Lucas Woods!!! I need you back at the house now!!”, she yelled in my head and I groaned. This is the second time Mom will get angry at me today. You’re having fun, Selene?
I got to home and met a fuming Mom on the couch in the living room. Dad was beside her trying to calm her down and I took a deep breath before I moved towards them.
“I heard you found your mate, Adrian. Why is she not with you at the moment?”, Mom said suddenly calm and I almost looked away in fear. A calm angry Mom is worse than the one that yells, that means Ezra is the one in control.
“Mom, she’s a rogue. The rogue that was caught on the pack lands today is my mate. You know what rogues took from us, I can’t allow myself fall for same thing twice”, I tried to reason with her silently pleading to Dad that he should come to my rescue but he just sat still not saying anything. Great, I have to deal with two angry wolves.
“She’s your mate for moon’s sake, I don’t understand why you left her alone in that dungeon. I’m sure Daxon doesn’t agree with your decision. The situation was different 8 years ago, Daxon tried to warn us but you were adamant. What is wrong with you, Adrian?”, Mom said angrily and I just sighed in distress.
I can’t be with her, I don’t care what Nathan or my parents think. She’s dangerous, they’re all dangerous, she’s not any different.
“I want mate, human! We need to go and get mate”, Daxon growled and moved around restlessly in my head, giving me headache in the process.
“Go, son. Go and get your Luna, as your father and Alpha, I command you to go get me the rogue”, Dad said, using his Alpha tone on me.
Another reason why I wanted to find my Luna early. Father is still the current Alpha King even though the pack reports to me. He can easily control me with his Alpha tone and I don’t like it.
“Why are you still here? I said go and bring me the rogue!!”, Dad growled at me. I growled back and went in the direction of my room, disobeying his orders.
I sincerely wanted my mate, I want to hold her and cherish her forever but the circumstances surrounding it is holding me back. It’s like the Moon goddess is having fun playing with my love life.
Why can’t I get a normal relationship with a normal mate? I want to be able to love my mate without holding back on anything or having suspicions about her but I get that is out of the book now.
As I lay on my bed, I mindlinked Nathan. “Where are you, Nathan”, I asked once I felt him lower his barrier to the mindlink.
“I left for the pack house, Alpha. Is there a problem”, he asked and I almost groaned with the order I was about to give him. Stupid mate bond.
“Get the rogue and take her to the pack house. Find a befitting job for her, either as a maid or something, I don’t know. Just take her out of the dungeon”, I reluctantly said.
I didn’t want her to get out of the dungeon alive if I had my way, but Daxon wants his mate and Mother and Father wants me to be with her too. I hate my life.
I’m going to go ahead with making Fay my Luna, she’s strong, beautiful enough, already understands what being a Luna entails and is not a motherfucking rogue.
“You’re not going to do that, Adrian! You won’t treat mate like she’s a slave, she’s our fated one we’re supposed to cherish and love forever and you’re not going to throw it out the window because of a stupid mistake you once made”, Daxon snarled in my head.
“I’m mating with Fay the next full moon and that’s it, Daxon. We’re the Alpha King, we need a powerful female beside us to rule our people, not some weak rogue wolf. At least she’s going to be alive, I’m not killing her like I originally planned, deal with your emotions, man”, I said to Daxon and cut off the mindlink.
I’m going ahead with my plan. In two months, I’ll be mated to Fay, the rogue wolf should be thankful I even kept her alive.
I got into bed and tried to get some sleep, hopefully I won’t have to deal with her again. I will reject her in the morning and everything will be over.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 8
Lola’s POV
It’s been hours since our second chance mate stormed out of the dungeon, I think it’s already a day since we got to this land, and I just sat there thinking about how my life is in shambles. I could not even cry at how things turned out, I wasn’t expecting a mate, I just wanted to escape the life of humiliation and constant fear I had to live in Moonlit pack.
My stomach rumbled reminding me of the fact that I haven’t had anything to eat for about 2 days now, not even a drop of water to drink. On the good side, I don’t have any urge to relieve myself so it’s a win. 1
I laughed out loud making the guards at the door look back at me. Yeah, you people should look, my life is a melodrama. I can’t even shed tears, I can’t find it in me to cry, I just saw down with my back on the wall laughing maniacally.
Jasmine whimpered in pain in my head and I could not even bring myself to comfort her. This is all my fault, if only she’s not stuck with me. We’ve been rejected twice, twice, the Moon goddess must be really having fun with this.
“Are we really going to die like this? Are we really not worthy of love? Is this the kind of life we’ll always lead?”, Jasmine said lowly in my head, I almost did not hear her.
“I don’t know Jas, I thought we were going to have a better life. I thought we were going to have finally have freedom since we left Moonlit pack but I guess we have to face another rejection from another mate”, I laughed humorlessly and hung my head. “But he hasn’t rejected us, that has to be a good sign right”, I wanted to cry all over again after hearing her say that. Jasmine doesn’t deserve any of this, we do not deserve any of this. All we wanted was to get away from the life we had in Moonlit pack. Your mate is supposed to love and cherish you, all we’ve ever gotten is rejection.
“I’m sorry Jasmine, but with our luck, it will only be a matter of time before he rejects us and probably kill us off. At least we won’t be in pain anymore”, I sighed and felt tears running down my cheeks. Just when I thought I was out of tears.
I heard footsteps coming towards my cell and did not even bother looking up to see who it was, it doesn’t smell like our mate though. I heard the cell doors unlocking and still remained unmoving, if I’m getting killed, they will at least come get me themselves from my position. Also, I’m still in chains so I really couldn’t move around so much even if I wanted to.
The man from earlier came closer and I stiffened, hoping to the moon goddess that he won’t molest me before killing me. I ran away from that, I don’t want to be disrespected the same way here.
“Get up”, the man calmly said and I stood up shakily and weakly. I could barely see what’s in front of me. The adrenaline must have worn off.
He came closer and unchained me. He nudged me towards the cell doors and I complied, I did not want get extra punishment for disobeying him, he looked like high ranking wolf and I did not want to get on his wrong side.
We moved down the dark passageway and my body started trembling uncontrollably. Tears ran down my cheeks without my permission and I felt so miserable.
We left the dungeons and I had to close my eyes for a short while to be able to adjust to the sudden change. It dawned on me that I haven’t eaten in the last 2 days, my hair probably looks like itvwnet through hell, which it did in all honesty, the clothes I was wearing looked somewhat clean and for that I’m thankful.
I’m going to die wearing clean clothes at least, I laughed humorlessly in my head.
The man is ahead of me now with me trudging behind him. We walked towards a large building that I can only assume is the pack house. Yaaaay, we’re going to be killed in front of thousands of people.
“Jas, we tried our best escaping death but I guess it’s for the best yeah? On a good note, we get to see Mom and Dad now. We get to be happy and worry free forever”, I said to Jasmine in my head with false happiness.
I could not even feel the tears running down my cheeks at this point, my cheeks were numb, I was so tired and ready to give up any moment. Jasmine wasn’t replying me anymore, I guess she was tired too. I’m sorry, Jasmine.
We entered the pack house and every activity seemed to halt. People stared as I followed behind the man that brought me there, I wanted the floor to open up and swallow me at that moment. This is embarrassing.
We headed towards the kitchen and I was shocked. What are we doing here? Why am I here with him? What is going on? Why is everybody looking at me with pity? Pity? I did not understand what was going on. My thoughts were trying to drown me until I saw the man’s lip moving and tried to force myself back to the present.
‘…….. and you’ll be working with them”, the man said, hugged an elderly woman and left.
And I’ll be working with them? What’s going on? Why am I working instead of being dead? I was lost and confused.
The elderly woman walked up to me, she had warm brown eyes and brown hair with stray strands of grey here and there. She’s about 5″3, I know because I was a little bit taller than her and I’m about 5″5. She had a warm smile and a motherly look around her. Something about her wanted me to just curl up in her arms and cry.
“Hello child, I’m Juliana, the head of all workers around here. Nathan said you’ll be working with us starting today, what’s your name child”, she asked and smiled at me warmly reminding me of Jane.
“Lola, ma’am”, I answered almost inaudibly, partly due to the fact that my voice was almost gone and hoarse and partly due to my being shy.
“You can call me Juliana, sweetheart. You look like you’ve been through a storm, let’s get you cleaned up and start from there, okay?”, I nodded my head at her words and followed her to a room in the pack house.
“There’s a bathroom in there and there should be change of clothes in the closet too. Get dressed and come back to the kitchen, child, so you can get something to eat”, she said and closed the door after I nodded my head in affirmation.
Oh my goddess, what is going on? was my thought as I stared at the door long after Juliana left.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 9
Lola’s POV
I was still staring at the door minutes after Juliana left. I was still in shock at the sudden change in my fate. I thought I was going to die and now I’m taking a bath and being offered food?
I really did not get what was going on but I decided to quickly take my bath. It’s been a long time since I had that privilege of bathing in a bathroom and I don’t want to lose my chance and subsequent privilege by making Juliana.
I took in the room and was amazed by it. It had a large bed, large to me at least, there was a closet that was barely closing with the amounts of clothes in it. There was a vanity table with lots of girly things that I don’t know what their uses are on it. The room itself looked really pretty with floral patterns everywhere and a neatly made bed.
I made sure not to touch anything till I got to the bathroom, lest I get something dirty and the owner of the room gets mad at me. I don’t want to get beaten or sent back to the dungeon.
I slowly made my way to the bathroom and almost cried at the sight of different products for hair and skin that took up a small part of the bathroom. I’ve never had such luxury, I only heard girls in my former pack talk about it. 2
I gently removed my clothes and placed it on the counter. I made the mistake of looking at myself in the mirror and fresh tears made their way down my cheeks. No one would really want this kind of body.
My eyes looked sunken and the bags under them looked so big. My face was full of dirt, my hair was matted to my head weirdly and it hurt me to look at my body. There were bruises all over my stomach and part of my thighs and legs where I could see, some were purple, some were brown and some black.
I turned my back and choked on my tears as I saw my back. There were gashes and scars and my back was covered in bruises. My collar bone was so prominent, my ribs were visible and I looked so skinny and malnourished. I don’t blame Grayson nor our second chance mate, I wouldn’t want this kind of body either.
I stopped scrutinizing my body in the mirror and went to stand under the shower head. It took me a while to figure it out, I almost froze to death with the cold water and barely avoided scalding myself with the hot water.
I finally got a hang of it and set it to the temperature I liked and stood under it for a while feeling my new wounds sting and dirt leave my hair and body.
I did not use anything inside the bathroom in fear of getting punished when the owner sees that I touched them, I learnt my lessons the hard way in my old pack.
I ran my hands through my hair and feeling years of accumulated dirt slowly leave my hair. I felt free and new and cried again in the shower due to how I was feeling. I suddenly went from almost dying to taking an overdue shower and I don’t know what to feel about that.
I felt Jasmine purring in my head and smiled a bit, we deserve this after all we’ve been through. After feeling a bit clean, I turned off the shower and gently used my dirty clothes to dry my body making sure I did not leave a speck of dust or stain behind in the bathroom.
I left the bathroom careful not to slip on the floor since my body was still a bit wet, my feet especially. I got into the room and saw that a gown had been kept on the bed. I was confused because I did not touch anything before leaving for the bathroom.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 10
I picked up the gown and admired it. This is the first time in 8 years I’d be holding anything as nice and beautiful as the gown in my hand. The gown was midnight black and seemed like it would reach my knee. It is a summer gown and has pink dots as beautiful designs on it. It felt soft to touch and I wasn’t sure if someone like me should put on something that pretty.
I remembered that I kept Juliana waiting in the kitchen and quickly put on the gown. It reached my knee length but hung loosely off my body. I finally get to wear something nice and it doesn’t even fit me properly, just my luck.
I used my dirty clothes to pat dry my hair and used my hands to detangle it a bit although it proved to be a problem. I finally gave up on it and left it down as it is. I folded the clothes I had on before and held it in my hands as I left the room.
I walked back the direction Juliana and I came from and the aroma of different foods wafted into my nose as I moved closer making my stomach grumble even louder. I know we haven’t eaten in 3 days but you have to stop disgracing me like this, I thought in my head as I got closer to the kitchen.
I entered the kitchen and about 10 pairs of eyes landed on me making me uncomfortable. I found Juliana’s eye and she smiled at me warmly making me feel at ease a bit. I was glad she wasn’t mad I took my time and mentally let out a sigh of relief.
“She’s the new girl, Juliana?”, a beautiful redhead with popping green eyes asked, looking towards me.
I looked down at my hands and barefeet and held my breath awaiting the insults that would follow. Instead, I felt someone near me and looked up to see the redhead standing close to me. She smelled like strawberries and her skin glowed.
“Hi, I’m Lyla. Juliana told me your name is Lola, and you’ll be working with us now. I’ll be your roommate and your new best friend, it’s nice to meet you, chica”, she said rapidly and with so much energy, I could not respond for a few moments.
“Nice to meet you too, Lyla”, I said timidly and was pulled into a hug. I stiffened and did not know how to respond back, she noticed and pulled back apologizing to me.
“I’m so sorry, Lola. I’m just excited to have a new friend. People say I have a lot of energy and that I talk too much so they tend to avoid me. I feel like we’re going to get along because you’re not much of a talker and because I love the color of your hair and the blue of your eyes. Did you dye your hair or that’s the natural color? If it’s natural, then that’ll be so cool, we’ll be the unmatched duo with my red hair and your almost white hair. I’m rambling again, aren’t I?”, she fired off rapidly only stopping to catch her breath when she saw that I was in awe of how she’s talking rapidly and the fact that other people in the kitchen were laughing at her.
I laughed lightly and she clapped her hands in excitement, slightly bouncing on her heels. I like her already.
I think I might have escaped the hard life in Moonlit pack afterall. I guess I’m not dying anytime soon as long as I avoid my mate whose name I don’t even know.
I got pulled back into reality when Lyla asked me if I had eaten. My stomach took on that moment to make itself known and everyone laughed at that. Fuck werewolf hearing. I was led to the counter by Lyla as Juliana dished food into plates for me.
I guess I’m free after all.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 11
Lola’s POV
Juliana gave me a large portion of food that I knew I couldn’t finish and instructed me to eat up. I wanted to tell her I could not finish it but I did not want her to get mad at me so I thanked her and started eating.
The first bite tasted like heaven and I hungrily took more spoons trying to fill myself before I’ll be asked to do house chores or get the food taken from me.
Oh boy, I’ve never tasted anything as good as this, or maybe I did before I became an Omega? I noticed everywhere was quiet and looked up and saw everyone’s eyes on me.
I dropped my spoon and looked up with my heart racing miles per hour. Great, I’ve pissed them off by eating hungrily. My eyes clouded over with tears and I tried to keep them in.
“Calm down, child. You’re going to get indigestion at this rate”, Juliana was the first to speak up.
I was confused. They were not going to hurl insults at me or beat me up? I looked at them wide eyed and Tracy came over to my side and patted my shoulder.
“No one will take the food from you, Lola. Take your time and eat slowly, you don’t want to get sick and make your new roommate sad, do you?”, she asked me and I shook my head negatively.
“Now, eat your food and eat slowly “, she put my spoon back in my hands and I felt my tears spill onto my cheeks. She cleaned it gently and gave me a warm smile.
I’ve never received such kindness since Mom and Dad passed, it felt good. I ate my food slower than before while others went about their chores in the kitchen chattering away happily.
It was a strange sight to behold, in fact, everything since I woke up that morning has been strange. Not getting rejected nor accepted, suddenly escaping death, taking a long warm shower, wearing new clothes and now maids chatting away happily?
Even though I was the only omega in Moonlit pack, maids or cooks always had to wear uniforms, they did not have their own rooms or such girlie products, they did not speak freely while going about their chores. I might have been treated like a rag but they were not regarded as humans by the high ranking wolves either.
I felt full and looked at my plate and saw that I still had a bit of food inside it. I wasn’t sure how Julie would react but I called out to her anyway.
“Ma’am?”, I spoke up and she turned towards me.
“It’s Juliana or Julie to you, young lady”, she put her hands on her hips and stared at me, making my heart race.
“I’m sorry, ma…. Juliana”, she softened her features and smiled at me with sadness? I really can’t tell people’s emotions from their eyes.
“It’s okay, Lola, take your time with it. What do you want from me?”, she asked with a smile still on her face.
“Uhm… I can’t finish my food, I wanted to ask if I could eat it later. I’m sorry I can’t finish it”, I said to her weakly, hoping that she won’t get angry and hit me.
“Oh, Lola, who hurt you? Of course I’m not mad at you darling, you can only eat what your stomach will take, we don’t control how much we eat. Just trash the remaining and wash your plates”, she smiled at me and I slowly nodded my head.
I stood up and went over to the trash can to dispose of the remaining food and washed my plates. I placed it where Lyla told me to and joined them to start preparing lunch for the pack members.
Apparently, about 150 members live in the pack house and will be coming in to eat soon in batches. The higher ranking wolves have their own houses in the town so it’s just most teenagers in the pack house and some adults too.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 12
We got to work preparing food for 150 wolves with extra incase some want to go for extra. It was fun to say the least. I’ve never had direct contact with pack members (not even the maids), so I did not know cooking was so much fun.
We made fajitas, Mac and cheese and apple pie for dessert. I got to meet the remaining kitchen workers as we worked. There was Rose, Tiana, Justina, Arya, Susan, Chloe, Jessie and Tanya, I think? I can’t really remember all of their names but I know their faces and that’s what matters, right?
I was not talking but listening to them bicker and talk amongst themselves with Juliana cautioning them once in a while when they’re getting out of hand, was fun and the most I’ve ever felt involved in a long time.
We soon finished making the food and I was proud of what I could do although I was just a part of it. I found out I loved cooking and I wanted to do it more.
Voices were soon heard and my nerves returned. Juliana noticed my discomfort and said I can excuse myself. I thanked her and dashed to Lyla’s room. I’m not ready to face a large group of people yet. People can be scary and mean, I’ve had 8 years of experience.
I was sitting on the bed trying to calm my nerves when Lyla came in. I quickly got on my feet hoping she wouldn’t be mad I sat on her bed without her permission. I saw pity in her eyes before she masked it and made me sit on the bed.
“You do know I’m not going to get mad at you for sitting on my bed right? I don’t know what you’ve gone through but I’m not going to harm you, Lola. Please be comfortable in the room”, she said sitting beside me. I nodded my head and her bubbly personality returned.
“Oh, that reminds me. I came in here because Nathan wants to see you? What’s your relationship with him? Julie said he brought you today too”, I looked at her in confusion.
“Nathan? Who’s Nathan?”, I asked her, still confused.
“The guy who brought you here today? Our next Beta?”, my eyes widened when it finally clicked in my head.
Why was he here again? I thought he already left me here to start working, why was he back for me? I did not know I was already shaking until Lyla shook me out of it.
“Hey, hey Lola, I’m sure he’s not here to hurt you. Nathan is a nice guy, he’s loved by everybody. I’m sure it’s all good, everything is fine. I’ll be with you if that helps”, she tried reassuring me and I nodded my head in agreement.
We both made our way to the kitchen and saw the man from the dungeon, whom Lyla called Nathan having a chat with Juliana and smiling. Lyla cleared her throat and he looked back at us, standing up when he saw us.
“Hi, Lola. How are you holding up?”, he said kindly to me and I looked at him in confusion. Dude, you locked me up without any water or light for a day and you’re asking how I’m holding up?
“I…… I’m fine, sir”, I answered him shakily and Lyla squeezed my arms assuringly.
“What’s it Nathan,you’re making her uncomfortable”, she snapped at him and I looked at her wide-eyed. He’s the next beta and she’s talking to him like that? She’d have been dropped in an instant in Moonlit pack. He looked at her and rolled his eyes. These two weird are as fuck.
“The Luna wants to see her”, my world tilted again as I heard those words. Oh, shit!
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 13
Adrian’s POV
I woke up in the morning and felt like my head was going to split into two. Daxon is such a petty bitch. He was probably pacing all night knowing it was going to give a massive headache when I woke up.
“Fuck you Daxon. This doesn’t change my mind about anything, just so you know”, I said to him through the mindlink and he only growled in reply.
I got up and went to brush my teeth and rinsed my face before I decided to the basement to work out, it’s the only way to let off steam and anger and I was fucking angry at everything.
I went down the stairs and no one was awake yet, I guess it’s still early. I checked the time when I entered the basement turned gym and it was 6:30am. I am surely awake early for someone that has been on a rollercoaster of events since yesterday.
I took the first swing at the punching bag and I just imagined it was the Moon goddess, the one who decided to play with my life like this.
Slam. For making me find my mate late. Slam. For making my mate a rogue, creatures that I despise with my very being. Slam. For making my parents not dislike her because she’s my mate, I could have easily gotten rid of her if my parents had seen her as a threat.
I punched the bag over and over and over until I felt sticky liquid around my knuckles. My knuckles were bleeding, I didn’t even know I was hitting the punching bag so hard until I heard Dad’s voice behind me.
“I pity the poor punching bag, it would have passed out from pain if it were human. Wanna spar with me instead?” He asked, smirking at me.
I looked at the wall clock and it was already 9:00 am. I was punching the bag with so much anger and concentration, I did not realize time was far spent. Dad was messing with me on purpose but I wasn’t going to back down.
“Bring it on, old man”, I said, getting into position and flexing my already healed fingers. Perks of being a werewolf.
He smirked and got into position too. He taught me everything I knew about fighting so it wasn’t going to be easy to defeat him, especially when I’m angry like this. I should get some relief from Fay when I’m done here. 11
I threw the first punch and he blocked it, landing one on my stomach making me stagger back. It hurt like a bitch but I got into position again. Dad was still smirking at me, he knows what he’s doing.
“So you’re going to reject her?” He asked as I swung another punch in his direction, which he successfully dodged.
“She’s a rogue, Dad. I have to reject her for the sake of everybody. I can’t make the same mistake twice”, I said as he landed another blow on my ribs.
“I’m sure Daxon doesn’t agree with your decision, she’s his mate too you know?” He said throwing punches I keep dodging. Daxon is a bitch, he’s just being emotional because he felt the mate pull this time around too. I felt the mate pull the last time too and I know what happened when I acted on it.
I got angry and started throwing punches blindly, I wasn’t even calculating Dad’s next move until he landed a blow that had me on my back. I did not bother sitting up and just sprawled on the flow breathing heavily. I heard Dad leave the basement and still laid down on the floor not moving.
I sat up after a while and checked the time, it was already noon. Jeez, I need to get my act together. I mindlinked Nathan to ask if he had carried out my order.
“Hey man, what’s up?”, His voice came through the mindlink.
“Where’s she?”I asked,not even bothering with pleasantries. I need to know where she is so I can avoid such places.
“At the pack house. I handed her over to Julie as a maid”, I nodded my head even though he could not see me. At least she’s in good hands, not like I care. Juliana is like the pack’s nanny, everybody likes her.
“Okay man, I’ll see you later” I told him and cut off the mindlink.
I stood up and went to my room to freshen up greeting Mom who’s in the living room on the way. She told me I should come down when I’m done freshening up, to eat and she also had something to discuss with me. I mentally rolled my eyes because I know she’s going to talk about mate but I agreed anyways.
I freshened up and changed into a pair of gray sweatpants with a white thin t-shirt that clung to my frame and made my way down to eat my food.
I had a cup of fresh coffee while Mom made my food for me. She always treats me like I’m still a baby which I’m grateful for when it comes to food.
She made pancakes, a whole lot of them and stacked them on my plate. I had them with syrup and strawberries. I love mom’s cooking, it’s always so delicious.
I finished eating and cleaned my plate and placed it in its proper place before joining Mom in the living room. I knew what she was going to discuss but decided to humor her nonetheless.
“Oh, hey, you’re done eating. Took you a while to finish your workout today, anything bothering you?” She asked innocently like she had no idea what I was going through.
“Mom, cut the act. I’m going to reject her and go ahead with Fay as my Luna as planned”, I snapped at her.
“No, you’re not going to reject her!”She boomed in my ear and I just stood up and made my way to my study to do some paperwork. It’s been left to me as the next Alpha.
I was engrossed in the paperwork, I did not realize time was far spent until I heard my mother’s voice in my head. 1 “There’s someone I want you to meet, get down here”, she said and the midlink went quiet. I wonder what she wants now.
I exited my room and was hit with the most amazing smell I’ve ever smelt, pineapple and coconut. I palmed my face when I realized what that meant but a part of me wanted to know what my supposed mate looks like so I kept moving towards the
scent.
I saw her before she saw me. She looked thin and malnourished and my heart broke at the sight of her. Her eyes met mine and they widened in fear, she tried to make herself even tinier than she was and I wanted to slap myself.
Daxon whimpered in my head at the sight of her tiny frame and I almost went up to her to grab her and keep her close to me at all times. Her beautiful blue eyes teared up and I mentally kicked myself, I’m the cause of her tears and pain.
“I don’t think I’ve introduced her to you. Adrian meet Lola, our new maid”, Mom smiled at me mischievously.
I looked at her the same time she looked at me with wide eyes and cursed Mom in my head.
What game are you playing Mom?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 14
Lola’s POV
His new maid? Their new maid? I think the Moon goddess is having too much fun with this.
So many scenarios ran through my head as the Beta, Nathan, led me to the pack house after saying the Luna wanted to see me but this definitely wasn’t one of it.
I should have allowed Lyla to come with me. She wanted to come because she doesn’t trust Nathan with me but I told her it wasn’t necessary. I regret that decision now.
My eyes found his and I quickly looked away before he could see the tears in my eyes. I got demoted real quick, from a mate to a maid. The thought sounded funny to me and i laughed out loud drawing attention to myself.
“I’m sorry, Luna”, I apologized to the beautiful woman, who looked so young with her beautiful Bambi eyes and shoulder length hair, before me. Her eyes crinkled in laughter and I bowed ny head again.
“It’s totally fine Lola. We all have those moments with our thoughts and wolves”, she said as she came towards me and patted my cheeks lovingly.
“So, child, you’ll be working as our live-in maid and help me around the house. Oh, I’m so happy to finally have a female to talk to. These guys are so annoying sometimes and to think I have to take care of two overgrown babies myself, it gets lonely sometimes”, she sighed dramatically and put her hands to her forehead exaggeratedly.
I smiled at her antics. She seems friendly and I felt warmth radiate from her. She gives off a motherly vibe.
“Hell yeah, like you remember what that actually feels like”, Jasmine mocked in my head and I almost screamed with excitement from hearing her speak since I left the dungeon.
“Well, well, look who decided to show up. I thought you broke your promise, you sly wolf”, I said with a smile in my voice and she laughed in head.
“I missed you too, Lola. You’re clingy as hell though, I’ve been resting and it hasn’t been 24 hours yet since I last spoke to you “, she said still laughing and I smiled at her through our mindlink.
I heard someone cleared their throat and looked up to find the Luna looking at me with smile in her eyes. Does she knows I’m her son’s mate? Does she know he’s going to reject us? At the thought of rejection, Jasmine whimpered in my head again and I felt very sad for having to put her through all of these.
“So do you know how to cook, sweetheart”, Luna asked me and I shook my head negatively. “Not to worry, I’d teach you everything you need to know”, she said to me and I nodded my head shyly.
“Thank you, Nate. You can leave now or you’ve got something to discuss with Adrian?”, She asked looking back at mate who hasn’t moved a muscle.
Adrian. I looked up at him to find him already staring at me, goosebumps erupted all over my body and I felt the mate pull which made me look away shyly.
He doesn’t want us. He did not even acknowledge me, I’m sure he doesn’t even find me attractive.
“Cone with me, darling. I’ll show you to your room then we’ll come back and prepare lunch for us, considering our future Alpha did not have lunch yet”, she grabbed my hand and led me towards the stairs where my mate was standing, still staring
at me.
He stood still as we made our way up the stairs. Our shoulders brushed each other when I passed him and I swear, it was like I was electrocuted, but in a good way. Luna led me down a long hall way and opened up a room that was much larger than Tracy’s own I saw before at the pack house. 1
My eyes widened to the size of a saucer at how big the room is, it had to be the largest room I’ve seen since forever. It was a plain room with no decorations at all. There were 2 doors inside the room. I knew one led to the bathroom but I had no idea what the second door led to.
It has a Queen sized bed, a love seat by the window and opens into a balcony overlooking the forest.
I wanted to run to the open space and breathe in the fresh air but restrained myself. The Luna has been nothing but nice to me and I did not want to push my luck by misbehaving in her presence.
“You like your new room? I know it’s plain with no decorations at all but you can decorate it to your taste, it’s yours now” She smiled and i looked back at her to find her already smiling at me.
“Yes, Luna. Thank you very much”, I bowed my head at her and she pulled me closer slightly frowning at me.
“Please call me Rose. There’s no need for formality between us, we’ll be living together now, you might as well comfortable”, she told me and I nodded my head quickly.
“What do you say we go back downstairs and whip up something for our hungry wolves?” She asked.
“Okay Lu……Rose”, I said meekly and followed after her.
As we passed the hallway, I caught wind of Adrian’s scent and my eyes widened. The scent seemed to be coming from the third room from mine. Just great. I knew meeting him at some point is inevitable because I live in his home but third room from mine? I can’t avoid him everyday.
I sighed and followed after Luna Rose. Seeing how Adrian looked to be around 24, of course his mother will be over 40. She looked not a day over 25, her brown hair reached her shoulder and looked so silky I wanted to run my hands through it.
I touched the split ends of my own hair that’s coarse and still tangled somehow and sighed. I’ll never be pretty enough for anybody.
We reached the kitchen and I could still smell him in the air. Jasmine sniffed too and sighed longingly in my head and I rolled my eyes at her.
Luna rose moved towards the cooking area and started bringing out ingredients to make dinner making me all excited and happy, even though I tried to keep it under reigns.
We started cooking and it was fun for me. Luna Rose is kind and patient and takes her time to explain things I don’t understand to me. She made me feel comfortable a bit even though I’ve only been around her for less than an hour.
I’m really starting to like this new beginning. I might be rejected by my second chance mate but at least I’m not struggling from abuse and used as the pack’s scapegoat anymore.
I relaxed a bit around Luna Rose as we worked together to prepare food for her mate and Adrian.
I felt eyes on me all the time I spent in the kitchen but shook it off, I’d never be accepted anyways.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 15
Adrian’s POV
She looked so pretty cooking and laughing with mom as they made food in the kitchen. The way her guard was up even though Mom was being nice and accommodating made me realize she’s been hurt and it will take a lot to get her to open up to
someone.
“And yet, you planned to hurt her again? Come on, man, just how stupid can you be?”, Daxon growled in my head and I sighed in sadness.
“I don’t want to, buddy. I really don’t want to hurt her too but you know what happened the last time we trusted a rogue. You know what happened the last time I decided to see kindness in one of their kind. I almost lost you too, Daxon, I can’t let that happen again”, I said into the mindlink and that made Daxon even angrier.
“No!! We know what happened the last time YOU decided to trust a rogue. I got hurt because of your stupidity and stubbornness the last time and that’s what you’re doing again. You’re letting my mate slip through my hands, Adrian. She’s slipping and it won’t end well for both of us”, he argued back and went silent in my head.
I sighed and looked over to where she was again. She looked so malnourished, yet so beautiful. Her platinum blonde hair that looks almost white looks uncared for but still matches well with her skin color nevertheless.
The way her blue eyes seemed to glow amazed me, the human side doesn’t get the glowing eyes, their wolf counterpart does. They seemed to be blazing and unhappy and I wanted to hold her and tell her all will be well.
Her tiny frame hurt me, she looked so frail and fragile like she’d break if she lifts anything heavy. She makes me want to protect her from all evils of life but I can’t.
I saw the way her eyes will flit towards me once in a while and she’ll quickly look away in fear.
My mate is not supposed to fear me, she’s supposed to love me and I’ve pushed her away from me, what was I expecting?
Lola. I repeated her name severally in my head and it just sounded perfect for her. It’s like nothing I’ve ever heard before even though I know people in the pack with the same name.
I remembered the way electricity ran through my body and all the blood in my body rushed towards my groin area when her shoulder bumped mine on the stairs earlier. I almost lost my balance when her sweet scent overwhelmed me. I think I got a favorite color and fruit now.
“You don’t deserve to have that privilege with her, human. I should be the one to have such privilege. You’re such a bastard for even thinking of her when you’re going to reject her anyway. Why did the Moon goddess pair me with such an idiot?”, Daxon growled in my head and I snickered mentally.
“I thought you were ignoring me, why are you back?”, I asked him and he ignored me and went silent again. I swear he’s such a girl sometimes.
Nathan tapped me and I pulled myself out of my reverie. He looked at me puzzled. “Why are you looking at me like that, man? “, I asked him.
“I’m sure you did not hear anything I said at all, I’ve been talking since forever and you did not reply to me. Hope everything is fine with you?”, Nathan asked me and I just shrugged my shoulders.
“I’m fine, dude. What did you say?”, I asked him to avoid being questioned but he’s my best mate and won’t let it go.
“I see the way you’ve been looking at her, Adrian. You shouldn’t lose your chance with her while she’s still attracted to you.
She seems hurt and has her guard up, hurting her more will only break her. I’ve only known her for a day and she needs to be protected at all cost, not hurt”, he said to me and I just sighed.
“I don’t know, man. She can’t rule alongside me even if she weren’t a rogue. A weak one like her will bring a weakness if I accept her, I can’t have a weakness as the next Alpha King. I need a woman that can stand her ground and rule my people and Fay is the one capable of holding that position”, I said to him not even bothering to look at him.
“It will always break you, Adrian. Even though I haven’t found my mate too, I know I’ll do anything to protect her and be with her once I do, even if it means defying your orders as my Alpha. You may make Fay your luna, but I know who my true Luna is, Adrian”, he said and made to stand up.
“I hope you actually see what’s in front of you before it’s too late. I don’t see how you’ll be able to avoid her now, she’s basically under your nose. Make the right choice, buddy”, he patted my shoulder and left towards the door.
“I’m off, Rose”, he hollered at my mom and she frowned as she looked at him.
“What? I thought you were staying to have dinner with us, I prepared yours too”, she purred at him and he laughed at her a little.
“I want to but Mom just mindlinked me to tell me she made dinner already, you know how scary that woman can be if you waste her food”, he said with his eyes wide with fake fear.
“Oh, I know all right. Moon goddess bless such a sweet soul. You send my regards to her and tell her we should have a girl’s day out soon”, Mom said as she went back to her cooking.
I noticed Lola had gone rigid at this point, was she afraid of Nathan? He seemed to notice too and smiled her way, making her wring her hands more and look down.
“Bye for now, Lola. See you around”, he said to her in a soft voice and she nodded her head.
“Yes, Beta Nathan”, she answered shakily and her voice sounded like music to my ears even though she sounded afraid.
I wanted to wrap my hands around her and comfort her from whatever was making her scared but Mom beat me to it. “Darling, relax. You look so tense and anxious. I don’t know what you’ve been through but I promise you it’s not going to happen anymore” Mom said to her softly and I saw the way her eyes watered as she nodded slowly before they continued cooking.
Seeing how she reacted, I couldn’t bring myself to reject her. She doesn’t deserve that kind of treatment from her mate. I’ll reject her later, not just today, I can’t do it today.
I looked over at her one more time as I made my way to my room to grab my phone and some paperwork, and our eyes met. She held mine for a while before she quickly looked away. My breath hitched in my throat and my heart started going crazy.
What am I going to do?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 16
Lola’s POV
I breathed a sigh of relief as he left the kitchen. Damn this mate pull, I thought. He doesn’t seem to feel it though, he just acted like her was repulsed and disgusted by me. Tears clouded my eyes at the thought of being rejected again and I tried to rein it in.
“You know, he’s not like that to everybody. He has a story behind his behaviour but I hope he’ll be able to see past it and hold you before it’s too late”, Luna Rose said beside me and I raised my head up so fast, I think I broke a cervical bone.
He has a story? A story with women? A story with rogues? I could not see any reason why he’d reject me without even knowing me. I guess the Moon goddess doesn’t want me to know what it’s like to have a mate that will stay by me.
“You-you know he’s my mate?”, I asked her in astonishment and she nodded her head, smiling at me sadly.
“Of course I know, darling. He’s my son and I’m the Luna of the pack for now, nothing gets past me. I just need him to come to his senses, I did not raise hin that way at all”, she said and held my hands as she looked into my eyes.
“It’s fine, Rose. As long as he’s not going to kill me, I’m good with all of his decisions. He must definitely have a good reason for ignoring me”, I said meekly, my hand still in Rose’s.
I really don’t care what his reason his, I’m just grateful I can live, I thought but I could not say such to her face for fear of being punished. Moonlit pack was nice before they turned on me too.
“No, it’s not fine, Lola. It’s partially my fault too. His father and I thought he wasn’t going to find his mate, so we chose a mate for him in the pack. If we had not done that, he wouldn’t have had a choice in this”, she said with sincerity and I nodded my head.
It wasn’t their fault. If he wanted to be with me, he’d have chosen me the moment he met me. He doesn’t want me and he’s made that as clear as day. I’m grateful he’s letting me live though.
She hugged me and I stiffened in her arms, I’m not used to physical touch that doesn’t involve me getting hurt. She looked at me puzzled before she patted my cheeks and stepped away without asking questions, which I was grateful for.
The rest of the cooking was uneventful and I was thankful for that. I did not see Adrian and I was able to relax all through. He makes me nervous.
“Lola is in loveeeeeee” Jasmine singsonged in my head and i wanted to smack her.
“I’m not the one that whimpers whenever he does as much as look at us”, I taunted her back and she scoffed before becoming silent. That’s right, Jasmine, shut up.
Just when we finished cooking, another man came in through the doors and I went rigid again. I’m not comfortable around anybody else,except Tracy and Rose….for now. He had a powerful aura that made me want to now my head in submission to him. 5
Rose cleaned her hands in a rush and ran towards the man, wrapping her hands around his neck as he easily lifted her up with her legs around his waist. They started kissing and I looked away in embarrassment, my cheeks heating up.
“Rosie, it’s only been about 5 hours since I left and you missed me so much?”, The man laughed slightly as they broke up the kiss and Luna Rose was on her feet once again.
“Oh, shut up, Jay. You know I don’t like being away from you at all”, Luna Rose pouted as she spoke to her mate.
I was looking at them in admiration when it clicked in my head. Mate. Her mate. That means I’m before the Alpha King, my nerves returned tenfolds and I wrung my hands nervously.
He moved towards me and I subconsciously took a step back. I saw Luna Rose put a hand on his arms and he halted. They seemed to be talking through their mindlink because everything was silent until I heard his authoritative voice.
“You must be Lola, nice to meet you, child. I am Jayden, Adrian’s father and Alpha King of this pack”, he said as he extended his hands towards me and I cautiously stretched a shaky hands towards his.
“A-A-Alpha”, I said shakily and bowed my head further in submission.
“Please, call me Jayden”, he said and my eyes widened. What’s with these people and calling them by their first name? Was Moonlit pack too fucked up or is this pack too lenient?
I nodded my head so I won’t be deemed rude by not replying to an Alpha. He smiled at me and I took in his features. He looked like my mate, the only difference being the stray strands of grey hair on his own head.
He looked muscular like he works out a lot and I was amazed by that. In my old pack, Alpha barely trained or worked out, so he had a pot belly despite his werewolf genes. This man looked effortlessly perfect.
“Not as perfect as Adrian”, Jasmine purred in my head and I resisted the urge to roll my eyes at her. I did not want to look rude to the man before me.
“Jay, go freshen up and come back to have lunch. Can you get Adrian on your way back too? Thank you baby”, Luna Rose said and kissed Jayden on the cheeks which he reciprocated.
All I asked from the moon goddess is this type of love and she sent cruel love my way twice. Fuck you, Selene, I thought when Rose tapped me to shake me out of my thoughts.
“Let’s prepare the table for our hungry wolves. Alphas don’t like being kept waiting, especially when it comes to their meals”, she said while giggling like a school girl.
“I guess that’s what being in love does to you”, Jasmine sighed dreamily in my head and I wanted to smack her.
“And we’re never going to experience it, so stop day dreaming durhhh”, I said back to her harshly and she went silent. I don’t want to be rude but she needs to stop thinking we’ll ever find love.
Rose hummed happily as she set the table and I helped her. Jayden soon came back but there was no Adrian so I breathed a sigh of relief. I suddenly became frustrated, how can I want to be with someone so bad, yet I don’t want to be around him. This is fucking annoying.
I had not finished my thoughts when his scents overwhelmed me and I went rigid. I pushed myself to start moving again and mentally sighed.
This is going to be a long evening! 
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 17
Adrian’s POV
I’d been staring at this page for over an hour without seeing what’s on the paper. I tried concentrating but my mind kept going back to one particular person, Lola.
I needed to get a grip on myself for moon’s sake. I didn’t like how she makes me feel, yet I want to feel everything with her. The way she seemed to stiffen around me made me sad and angry but I have no one to blame but myself.
I was about to damn all consequences and just pack up the paperwork I was working on and go to keep my mate close to me when my dad walked in.
“Hey, Adrian”, Dad called out to me as he walked into my office, looking fit as ever. I swear this man never ages.
“Oh, hi Dad”, I called out to him and stood up to meet him halfway, sharing a manly hug. 2
“What are you up to, little man”, he ruffled my hair while asking, making me grunt in disapproval. I love this man but sometimes he has to realize that I’m longer his ‘little Drian’, I’m 24 now.
“Dad, please I’m not little Drian anymore. You’ve got to stop ruffling my hair”, I said, making him laugh out loud.
“Yeah, whatever”, he said, ruffling my hair again.
“When did you get back?”, I asked, ignoring the fact that he just did what I told him not to again.
“I just got back and Rosie said I should come and get you so we can have dinner” he said, smiling when he said mom’s name.
He’s so in love with mom and that’s all I’ve ever asked from the Moon goddess but instead she paired me up with that beautiful, weak and traumatized kitten. I sighed and rubbed my face with my palm before I felt Dad’s hand on my shoulder.
“You okay, son?” Father asked and I just gave him a small smile.
*Of course Dad. I’m fine” I answered him and tried to plaster a smile on my face.
“I’ll freshen up now, go and meet your Mom to have dinner”, I nodded my head as he turned around and made for the door.
He suddenly stopped and said, “She looked so hurt and afraid when I saw her and you’re still treating her like this. You’re just going to break her more and it might be too late for you when you realize her worth”, he left the room afterwards.
I sighed after Dad left the room. Are they right about what they’re all saying? Am I really just punishing her while punishing myself too? She’s a rogue though, they’re never good people.
“You don’t even know if she actually needs protection from us. You don’t know if she needs us more at this moment. You don’t know what she’s been through or what she’s going through and you dare to call yourself an Alpha? What kind of Alpha will protect his people when he can’t protect his mate?”, Daxon snarled in my head and I saw red.
“An Alpha that has witnessed first-hand what those vile creatures can do, Daxon.”, I growled back at him.
“You’re just a coward that’s afraid to accept that this isn’t the same situation. You feel the mate pull, you feel the tingles when you touch and you still think this isn’t real? I won’t sit down idle if she rejects us, Adrian. I won’t sit still and watch my mate leave me because of your stupidity”, he said and I blocked him out.
Why does everyone think they’re right? So what if the mate pull is stronger and the tingles are there? It might just be another plot, I’m not letting my guard down anymore.
I went downstairs and saw Mom and Lola setting the table. Dad sat down watching Mom with pure love and adoration in his eyes and I felt a pang of jealousy at what they had.
That’s all I’ve ever wanted. Someone I could call mine forever, someone I’d love and cherish till death part us.
“She’s right in front of us, dummy”, Daxon huffed and I rolled my eyes.
“Why are you back so soon, Daxon? I blocked you out”, I asked him in irritation. I was tired of him popping up randomly, I just wanted my peace.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 18
“You’re not the only one that gets to see my beautiful mate. I’m not here for you, I’m here for mate. Also, you can’t block me out, I’m a part of you, stupid”, he said and i was about to retort when I heard mom’s voice.
“Oh Adrian, you’re here. I thought you won’t come down for dinner”, she said with an emotion I can’t describe in her eyes, almost like she was mad at me but did not want to lash out at me.
“You spent a lot of time preparing the food, Mom, I wouldn’t waste your effort like that. And besides, you make the best food and I won’t ever miss that”, I smiled at her and she smiled back a little.
“I’m not the only one, Lola here is a natural in the kitchen and without her, I wouldn’t have finished so soon”, she said to me, daring me to ignore Lola with the expression on her face.
“I see, thank you Lola”, I said to her and felt electricity run through me when she looked up at me and smiled a little.
I ignored the feeling running through me and sat down beside Dad. We discussed some pack issues until they finished setting the table. I noticed that she set the table for three but said nothing about it.
Mom carried the food to the table and noticed that Lola set the table for three people and asked her about it.
“Lola, child, why did you set the table for three when there are four people in this room at the moment?”Mom asked her and I sat up, curious to know why she did that.
“I did not know I was supposed to set a table for myself too. I’m just a maid and it’s not right to eat with high ranking wolves, it’s considered rude”, she said with a shaky voice, as if she was going to burst into tears at that moment.
I wanted to pull her close and comfort her but sat still in my chair, unmoving. I hoped my face did not show how much my heart broke for her. I wondered who hurt her like that.
“Oh, Lola. We toiled in the kitchen together and you thought it was okay for you not to eat out of the food? That’s not right and I command you to sit while I get your plate and cutlery, we are having dinner together and I don’t want any ions”, Mom said and turned to pick her plates and cutlery.
I noticed her trying to rein in her tears and wanted to know what really happened to her. Why does she look so weak and broken? How did she become a rogue? I wanted answers to this but I couldn’t ask because I do not consider her my mate.
Mom brought her plate and set the table before dishing out food for us all. I noticed she only ate a small quantity of her food and just pushed the remaining around the plate. Mom and Dad did not seem to notice though as they talked and filled each other in on how their respective day went.
I finished my food and was about to leave my room when Nathan mindlinked me.
“Hey man. The next Alpha and Beta from Moonlit pack are here. The Alpha claims we have something that belongs to him. You should probably get down here and talk to them before I throw them out of the pack”, Nathan said, sounding angry and I knew I had to go there right away. Nathan rarely gets angry. 1
“Dad, I have to reach the pack house real quick. Nathan said the next Alpha and Beta of Moonlit pack are on the pack lands and they said I have something that belongs to them. Nathan sounds angry and that’s rare, those guys are clearly a bother”, I said to Dad and heard a gasp and spoon clanking with plates from where Lola was sitting.
I looked over to her and she looked as pale as a sheet of paper.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 19
Lola’s POV
No, he couldn’t have found me. I escaped him, I finally left that pack and its people behind and I won’t be dragged back there by Grayson.
I did not know when my cutlery fell out of my hands and I started hyperventilating.
The room was getting smaller, my breaths were coming out short and erratic. I felt like my lungs were being compressed and squeezed. I felt liquid run down my cheeks but I could not even wipe them away. My whole body was numb and I could not react to everything going on around me.
How did he know I was here? I masked my scent, he didn’t even know I have a wolf, nobody knows except the people of Crescent moon pack that saw me enter the pack lands in my wolf form.
I felt small, soft hands around me but that did nothing to comfort me. I started crying harder, I held my chest since it was getting difficult for me to breathe through my tears. I don’t like this feeling, I already left it behind.
“It’s okay, Lola. Calm down please”, I heard Rose’s voice, but I could not react to it even if I wanted to. My body was in shock and everything in my body seemed to not work.
Electricity spread through me and I felt a surge of peace throughout my body as larger, more callous hands held me.
“Hey, it’s okay. You’re okay, Lola”, I heard my mate’s amazing voice and I slowly calmed down. He held me as my body continued to shake even though I wasn’t crying as much as I was initially.
“Oh my goddess, mate is holding us. His voice is so amazing and his touch, oh his touch. I was so jealous when he said your name, I wanna hear my name too. You lucky, lucky, extremely lucky human”, Jasmine gushed in my head as my shaking subsided and I could finally breathe again.
“Jasmine!! How are you focused only on the fact that we’re being held by our mate? He doesn’t even want us, he’s probably just being nice that’s all. And Grayson is here in this pack to take us, how are you so chill right now?”I screamed at her in anger in my head and heard her whimper but I wasn’t having any of her fangirl acts at that moment.
As soon as he realized I had stopped shaking, he dropped me like my skin burnt him and I felt Rose take me into her arms, telling me how everything is fine and I’m safe.
I wanted to scream out that I wasn’t safe as long as Grayson was around. I wanted to spill everything that had happened to me to Rose but shame wouldn’t let me. The fear of being abandoned and blamed like my former pack did made me shut up and fry silently. 2
I sent a quick prayer to the Moon goddess. I know I had been cussing her out since I turned 18, but I was starting to feel like I belonged to this pack and I did not want to be pulled out of it again.
Rose led me to the couch and then brought me a glass of water. Her motherly eyes never left me, she was watching me like a hawk incase I had another breakdown and that made me feel warm and fuzzy inside.
“Jasmine? Girl, I’m sorry I snapped at you just before. I was scared and angry too. Scared that Grayson will take us, scared that Adrian will hand us over to him without even hearing us out. I’m still scared that might happen. I was angry at myself for finding comfort in Adrian’s arms too, he hasn’t even acknowledged us as his mate, I did not want to give myself false hope. You chose the wrong moment to be a fangirl. I’m really sorry, Jas”, I pleaded to her in my head, I knew I hurt her when I yelled at her earlier.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 20
“I’m sorry, Lola. I was just excited. I was in my mate’s arms, I ignored what was in front of us at the moment”, she answered me apologetically.
“Lola, child, what’s your relationship with Grayson?” Rose asked me and I felt my heart rate going up again.
“He is the future Alpha of my former pack and my former mate”, I answered her truthfully and heard a sharp intake of breath from Rose and Jayden.
“Former mate? You mean you had another mate before Adrian?” Rose asked me and I nodded weakly feeling tears stream down my face again.
“Did he treat you badly? Is that why you ran away from the pack?” Jayden asked me and I shook my head negatively.
“He rejected me because I wasn’t good enough and picked someone he wanted “, I told her the partial truth. I could not dive into the details because I did not want to recount bad memories.
“He rejected you and that was why you ran from the pack?” She asked again and I nodded my head. I couldn’t tell her that whole truth, I did not want to be looked down upon.
The whole room went silent and I looked up to see Jayden’s eyes glazed over, he was probably mindlinking Adrian. Rose kept running her hands through her hair in distress and looked to be holding in her tears.
“Adrian wants you at the pack house, Lola”, Jayden said to me and I felt my hands trembling again.
“Oh, oh, okay. I’d go there now”, I replied in a shaky voice and made to stand up to leave.
Jayden stood up too and I looked over to him in confusion. “I am going to take you there, except you don’t want me to?”, He said and I assured him I could go on my own.
Rose gave me a hug before she saw me off to the entrance of the house. I gave her a watery smile as I left and waved at her once I was some distance away from the house.
As I walked to the pack house, my thoughts raced a thousand miles per hour. What if Adrian already made up his mind to give me back to Grayson? It’s not like he liked me to start with in the first place.
I could not even cry as I walked towards the pack house, I was numb and tired. I wanted to just crawl into my bed at Adrian’s house and sleep. I even thought I was in a dream until I slapped myself to confirm.
I met Lyla as I made my way into the pack house. “Hey, bestie. How’s Rose treating you?” She said animatedly as she skipped towards me.
“Hi, Lyla”, I replied back meekly and her face showed she wasn’t okay with how I responded to her.
“Just ‘hi Lyla’? Is that how to……..”, she was about to reply to me when Nathan showed up with a stoic face.
“You’re here, Lola. Follow me, Adrian is waiting for you”, he said to me, completely ignoring Lyla. Lyla was about to open her mouth to talk when I gave her a pleading look to drop the matter.
I followed behind Nathan quietly and Adrian’s scent washed over me as we stood in front of the door. Nathan opened the door and I entered after him.
My eyes found Adrian first and he looked to be very angry, which made me shiver with fear. I hoped that anger was not directed at me.
I made the mistake of looking around the room and found Grayson’s dark beaded eyes that made my skin crawl with the look he was giving me.
This bastard truly found me, was my thought as my body shook uncontrollably. And it wasn’t in a good way.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 21
Adrian’s POV
I had to go see what made her have a panic attack, or should I say who? I knew she was fragile and broken but I did not know that the mere mention of someone would have her bawling out her eyes.
“Nathan, I’m on my way. Try not to hurt anyone before I get there, I might need to beat some senses into those mutts”, I mindlinked Nathan as I made my way to the pack house immediately I was sure Mother would be able to take care of her.
“Wow, man. Is there something wrong? You sound pretty angry”, Nathan asked, but I just remained silent. I had to see for myself first.
Nathan was already waiting for me in the pack house living room when I got there.
“Oh, you’re here. I had to leave the office before I beat both of them,since you ordered me not to touch them”, he said immediately I got close enough to him.
“When did they reach the border? What exactly did they say they wanted?”, I asked him as we made our way over to the office.
“It was immediately the border patrol alerted me about their presence that I went there. I mindlinked you immediately they requested to see the Alpha because he had something that belonged to them”, he said through gritted teeth which is proof of his anger.
“I hoped to God that none of them had touched Lola before, or they might be going back to their pack in a body bag”, I said to myself but Nathan heard me, thanks to his werewolf hearing.
“Lola? Lola is the reason they are here? Who do they think they are to demand for her like she’s some sort of rag doll they own “, his voice had changed slightly, which meant his wolf was present too. His wolf probably recognized Lola as Luna even though I had not accepted her as my mate.
I had to be the bigger person. I took a deep breath as I entered the office. I saw two guys, not older than 18 seated on the couch in the office.
“Gentlemen, how may I help you?” I said to them I walked into the room, making sure my Alpha tone leaked into my voice.
The one with black hair was the first to speak up. “We are here because you have something that belongs to us, Alpha”, he spoke up.
“And what exactly might that be, young man?”, I said. “We haven’t even met before and I have something of yours?” I asked and saw him slightly shiver in fear. That’s right, a pup like you should know its place before me.
“A pack member of mine ran away after committing a great crime against me and I learnt that she’s in your pack. I just came here to get her so I can punish her properly”, he said.
“A crime? What sort of crime? Who’s this pack mate, pup?” I fired the questions at him. I saw the way he and his companion exchanged weird glances when I asked what crime was committed.
“Lola, her name is Lola Ashton”, he said and I felt Daxon growling in my head when he said her name.
“What right does he have to call our mate by her name?” He snarled in my head and I had to take a deep breath myself so I won’t lash out at the scrawny thing in front of me.
“And what crime did she commit against you? She’s on my pack now, I can’t just hand her over to you”, I asked him and he and his partner grew uncomfortable where they were sitting.
“I asked a question, pup”, I growled at him and watched them shake in their seats.
“That’s-That’s between my p-pack member an-and I, Alpha”, he replied to me in a shaky voice.
I wasn’t going to force him to talk, he’d spill it when he saw Lola in front of him. Immature pups like him can’t hold in their feelings once they think they’ve gotten what they want.
“Very well. I’d have her be brought to you”, I told him and mindlinked Dad to bring Lola to the pack house.
Dad mindlinked me, telling me she’s on her way herself so I told Nathan to go and get her since she might not know her way around the pack house.
Nathan soon came back with her behind him. Her eyes found mine immediately she entered and she looked away in fear. She looked up and looked into the bastard’s eyes and her body started shaking uncontrollably in fear again.
From the corner of my eyes, I saw Nathan try to go to her but I signaled to him to stop, I wanted to know what really happened. A part of me still believes that beneath Lola’s innocent face and soft attitude, she had done something to incur the wrath of her former Alpha upon herself.
The young Alpha- Grayson seemed to be so happy to finally see her again and it was not in a good way. He looked at her like a predator would look at a prey. He and his companion shared a look and I saw the evil that went through his eyes in that moment.
“Look what the tide brought in. You think you could run from your Alpha, my little mate?”, He laughed maniacally as he spoke to her.
I heard Nathan’s voice in my head, “Mate? I thought Lola is your mate? I think you might be right after all”, he said and I wanted to punch something.
“You’re not my Alpha, Grayson, and I’m not your mate anymore. I accepted your rejection before I left your pack. Please, let me be. I did not do anything to deserve how you treated me. You have your mate now, go be with her “, Lola said shakily, with tears streaming down her face.
“Listen bitch, I found you and I’m going to take you back to Moonlit pack where you belong. You won’t fit in anywhere you go anyway, nobody wants a worthless slut like you”, he said to her and his companion laughed alongside him.
I did not know when Daxon took over my body and let out a thunderous growl that shook the pack house. He was on Grayson before he blinked or had a moment to register what’s going on.
“I dare you to say that again, pup”, I snarled in his face and his body shook uncontrollably from fear.
“No one, I repeat, no one talks to her like that and lives to see another day. You’d leave my pack lands immediately and if I see you look at her the wrong way again, you’d be leaving in a body bag. Do you understand me?”, he nodded his head vigorously and I looked over to his companion to see him cowering in fear too.
Cowards.
“Now, leave!” I did not have to repeat myself again before they ran out of the room and Nathan followed behind them.
I looked over to where Lola stood and she was still shaking while tears poured down her face. Our eyes met briefly before I stormed out of the office and left the pack house without looking back.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 22
Lola’s POV
I was still shaking on the floor of the office looking at the door through which Adrian stormed out. Am I that disgusting? Am I that unlovable? I kept thinking as more tears poured down my cheeks.
I was happy that Grayson was out of the picture but the look I saw in Adrian’s eyes when I entered broke me. He wanted me to be at fault, he wanted me to be the bad person so he can have a good reason to throw me out of the pack.
I was crying so much that it was hard to breathe. I knew Jasmine was having it worse because she’s been silent since Adrian stormed out of the room.
“Jasmine, I’m sorry I put us through this. If only I hadn’t been born, if only I hadn’t been so weak, we’d not have to go through these pain and rejection”, I said to her tearily and I could almost feel her shake her wolfish head.
“Lola, it is not your fault that they can’t look past the exterior and see that you’re someone worth fighting for. You do not have to take responsibility for their stupid decisions”, she said and fresh tears fell down my cheeks.
I wish I could be as strong as Jasmine was. I was always crying and showing weakness and that’s why I keep getting rejected. About an hour later, I felt Lyla come into the room but I still laid down on the floor where I was when Adrian left the room. “Hey, Lola. I know you’re not asleep, I can hear your uneven breathing. Why don’t you get up and let’s get out of here?” She asked calmly as she came near me, almost like she was expecting me to lash out at her with my claws.
“But I do not want to leave this place. No one wants to see me anyways, I’d always be unwanted”, I said tiredly, hoping she’s going to leave me alone but that was a wishful thinking.
“Bullshit! It’s like you’ve forgotten that I said we are best friends now. Just because Adrian decided to be a shithead and reject a sweet soul like you doesn’t mean everyone is like him. I don’t know what you’ve been through, Lola, but I promise you that you can rely on me from here on. That’s what friends do”, she said as she sat down on the floor beside me.
took in what she said and tears welled up in my eyes buy I refused to let them fall. She was right. I might not find my mate but I’m not stuck being a slave anymore. I now have people that care about me even though they do not know about my past.
I sat up and surprised myself by hugging Lyla. She seemed to be surprised too because she took a moment before she hugged me back.
She pulled back and looked me in the eye. “Enough of the emotional moment, let’s get out of here”, she stood up and took my hands in hers, pulling me up with her.
She talked my ears off as we walked towards the kitchen and I was happy for the distraction. I think I even smiled a little whenever she’d say something funny.
Juliana was waiting for us when we got to the kitchen and she pulled me into a hug when she saw me. “Oh, child. Your eyes looks so puffy and swollen. You poor thing”, she said in a motherly voice and I felt myself tearing up again before Lyla stepped in.
“You’d better not let me see any tears stain your fine, porcelain skin again”, she said to me sternly before facing Julie. “Julie, I just barely managed to stop her tears and you want to make her cry again? You’re supposed to feed her, not make her cry”, she scolded Juliana and I watched how the woman smiled sweetly at her words.
“Of course, Lyla. Forgive me, madam”, she said to her jokingly and Lyla puffed out her chest in response, making them burst into laughter.
“Sit down, Lola. I’ll whip up something for you in no time”, Juliana said as Lyla pulled out a seat and forced me into it.
“I just ate before I came here, Julie. I’m sorry but I can’t stomach…….”, I was saying when she looked at me with a scary look in her eyes, shutting me up.
“Luna Rose ordered you be fed and I won’t go against my Luna’s wishes. I’m going to make you a sandwich, it’s not going to take long at all”, she said and faced the cooker again.
“You should never reject food from Juliana, she can be scary when you don’t accept her offer to feed you. I once made that mistake and I had a bloated stomach for days, she made me eat 3 extra portions for refusing her. You need to see how I looked like a balloon that was about to pop for days”, she whispered to me and I smiled a little.
“You do know I can hear you right? If you do not shut your mouth, I’m going to make you eat 6 portions next time”, Juliana threatened and Lyla instantly shut her mouth. She gave me a look that says ‘see, I told you so’ and I surpressed the urge to giggle, lest she gives me 3 extra sandwiches.
“Oh, that reminds me. Luna Rose said you can stay at the pack house if you want. She figured you might not want to run into Adrian”, Lyla said just as Juliana placed the sandwich in front of me.
Rather than replying Lyla, I decided that stuffing my face with food is a better idea. I looked up and saw Lyla looking at me expectantly.
“Lyla, you do not mind me sharing your room for tonight, right?” I asked and her face lit up and she nodded her head aggressively as she did a happy dance.
I felt myself getting a warm feeling in my chest and I sent a prayer up to the moon goddess for bringing me into this pack. I might not be wanted by my mate but I suddenly have people that want me around and I couldn’t be more grateful for them.
After eating, Lyla and I went into her room and she gave me her clothes to change into. I noticed that while she seemed to be wearing less clothing, she gave me clothes that were long enough to cover my whole body, which I was grateful for. As we laid in bed, waiting for sleep to take over us, I asked a question that had been nagging me since I left the office floor.
“Lyla, do you think the whole pack knows that Adrian doesn’t want me even though I’m his mate?” I asked, dreading the answer that was going to follow.
“It’s a small pack, Lola. Words travel fast, I’m sorry”, I nodded my head after I heard her speak. It’s not her fault I have a shitty fate.
With the possibility of being a laughing stock in the pack and never getting someone to spend the rest of my life with on my mind, I fell asleep restlessly.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 23
Lola’s POV
I woke up in the early hours of the morning with a massive headache and I did not want to get out of bed for the fear of being
a laughing stock in the pack. People can be so mean and I did not feel like being an of ridicule today.
I felt Lyla waking up beside me and I acted like I was sleeping so that she’d let me be in peace.
“I can hear your uneven heartbeat, Lola. Why are you pretending to be asleep?” She asked. Damn werewolf hearing.
“I’m still asleep, I don’t know what you’re talking about”, I said with my face buried in the pillow and she laughed before sitting up in bed.
“I see you’re still really asleep. What’s the matter, Lola? Is this about the question you asked before we went to sleep yesterday?” She sighed when I nodded my head.
“The pack might have known about all that happened….or not, but I promise you that no one will make you feel less of yourself just because of that. And even if they tried, they’ll have me to answer to”, she said while cracking her knuckles, earning a giggle from me.
“I don’t know what happened in your last pack and I won’t be pushing you to talk, but I want you to know that you belong here now and I won’t let you be bullied. Betlst friends, remember?” I looked her in the eyes at that and she smiled at me, making me smile too. 1
“You know what will make you feel better? A long, hot shower to clear your skin and I’ll braid your hair afterwards. How does that sound?” she asked excitedly and I nodded in excitement too.
“I noticed that you avoided touching my things the last time you had your bath here. Lola, I’m not going to get mad if you use my things, I can easily replace them. I order you to wash your hair and body thoroughly this time around”, I nodded at her before I remembered that I don’t know what is what and how I’ll use them.
“Uhm, Lyla? I don’t what is what nor how to use them. I’ve never used them before”, I said in shame and her eyes widened before she masked her facial expression. 1
“That’s not a problem, chica. I’ll show you, let’s go”, she held my hands and led me towards the bathroom. She walked over to her shelf of girly products and she removed about 7 bottles from the shelf and placed them on the counter.
“This is shampoo, you lather it into your hair to wash off grease and dirt”, she said, holding up a bottle. She did the same for all other bottles and I was excited to try them all by the time she was done.
She offered to wash my hair but the possibility of having to remove my clothes and have her see my nude body, made me refuse her offer. She seems to understand where I was coming from and left me to do my business.
I had so much fun washing my hair and getting cleaned up. For the first time since yesterday, I heard Jasmine purr in pleasure in my head.
“At this rate, you might as well be a feline”, I said to her with laughter, she only purred in return.
I exited the bathroom to find the room empty. Jasmine wasn’t in the room but there were clothes on the bed. I dried my hair with a towel and brushed through it. I looked in the mirror once I was dressing up and I liked what I saw. I was slowly learning to appreciate my appearance. 4
I steeled my heart as I left the room in search of Lyla. I sent a quick prayer to the moon goddess that I wouldn’t meet any pack members on my way to the kitchen, where I knew Lyla will be.
I had almost made it to the kitchen undetected when I collided with a wall and fell flat on my ass. I held in my whimpers of pain and tried to stand up when I saw the wall was infact, a man.
I was about to start apologizing when I heard my name from the stranger’s mouth. I looked up at his face but I did not recognize him. I took some steps back to out distance between us.
Does Grayson have men planted around this pack? How did this stranger know my name? My thoughts were running at miles per hour and I thought of ways to escape when I heard his voice again.
“Lola, it’s me, Jace. Do you not remember me?” His voice cut through my thoughts and I felt myself coming back to the present.
“Jace?”, I repeated, the name sounding familiar to me.
“Yeah, your best friend from ten years back. We used to be inseparable back in Moonlit pack before my mom decided to move another pack with her chosen mate. Do you remember me?” He said.
Memories of young me and a boy of not more than 12 running around our house back in Moonlit pack. I was heartbroken when he left with his mom, but Mom said he was going to somewhere he can be happy with his Mom.
“Jacey”, I ran towards him and engulfed him in a hug, taking both of us by surprise. He laughed and gently patted my head. I pulled back from him and smacked him on the chest, surprising myself yet again.
“Ouch, what was that for?”, he whined while rubbing his chest. I crossed my arm and glared at him.
“You promised to always write to me. Your letters stopped coming a year after, do you know how heartbroken I was?” I pouted and he pulled me into a hug again.
“I’m sorry, Lola. I heard you were killed in a rogue incident alongside your parents. If not for your unique hair and eyes and the fact that I know what you smell like, I wouldn’t have known you were the one”, he apologized and I totally understood his point.
Moonlit pack made it their life mission to make me forgotten, the whole wolf world thought I was dead.
“What exactly happened, Lola?” He asked. Not wanting to reply him, I hugged him again. He understood that I did not want to talk and was patting my back when a loud growl tore through the room.
I jumped from Jace and looked towards the direction the growl cane from and saw a fuming Adrian. He was looking at Jace and I with so much venom that I wanted to crawl up a hole and die.
The next words he spoke broke me and broke the self esteem I was slowly building.
“Maybe your former Alpha was right after all. You’re just a slut that’s not worthy of love”, he spat with venom and hate.
And with that, he stormed out of the pack house.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 24
Adrian’s POV
I woke up the following morning after Grayson came to my pack feeling like shit. I realized just how bad I had been treating Lola. I desperately wanted her to have fault so I could reject her but she was so perfect.
“So perfect for us. The moon goddess wouldn’t pair us with someone that’s not perfect for us”, Daxon said in my head and for the first time since I met Lola, I agreed with him.
Events of yesterday came rushing back to me and I felt my heart break more. The way her eyes seeked mine for validation and support immediately she entered the room even though I desperately wanted her to be the one at fault so I could kick her out of my pack.
Her cries after I left the room kept haunting me. I was the reason for her heartbreak, I was the reason for her tears and agony. What kind of a mate does that to his fated one?
I could not bear the guilt that I had treated her like trash when I should have been her support system, so I went out on a run to clear my head.
“I knew you were making a grave mistake, human. I’m sure what we saw is not even half of what she has gone through. Mate was so broken, yet you stormed out of the pack house without even comforting her? I don’t know how I got paired with a stupid human like you”, Daxon growled loudly in my head and I did not even have a comeback for him, because I knew I fucked up royally.
I kept running through the forest in my human form. I had cuts from trees and sharp stones but I did not stop. The physical pain was nothing compared to what I was feeling inside.
After running for about an hour, I decided to open my mindlink and I regretted it immediately I did. Mom’s voice rang through my head in anger and I almost stumbled back from the anger in her voice.
“Adrian, you better get the fuck here in a blink of an eye. Do not make me come after you, young man”, she said and the mindlink went silent.
Sighing, I made my way back to the house ready to face mom’s wrath and then apologize to Lola afterwards. I took a deep breath and opened the door, only to pause a little once I entered the house.
Mom was sitting on the couch while Dad held her hands and tried to pacify her. Once she locked eyes with me, I almost stumbled back but I maintained my stance as much as I could.
“And what exactly do you think you’re doing, Adrian? I understood that you had problems accepting her because she was a rogue. Why did you leave your traumatized mate alone when she needed you the most. Why did you allow that stupid mutt and his friend go scot free when they should have gone back in a body bag?” She asked calmly and I knew Ezra was in control.
“I needed time, Mom. I needed to clear my head and get my thoughts together. I planned to apologize her when I got back. Where is she?” I asked, looking around the room and towards the stairs when I couldn’t find her. Her scent lingers around but it was very faint.
“I wouldn’t want to be near an idiot like you if I were her. She’s at the pack house, you can make all your apologies in the morning”, she said venomously. I’ve only seen mom like that once and the anger wasn’t directed at me.
Mom stormed off leaving Dad and I alone in the living room. Dad came near me and gave me a pat on the shoulder.
“I hope she’s ready to take you back. I told you that girl should be cherished and loved”, he said lowly before he went after his wife.
Taking a moment to pull my act together, I made my way up the stairs and went down the hallway instead of going into my own room. Her scent engulfed me and I felt even worse that I already did.
Her fragile body came to mind and I genuinely wondered what she keeps under her long clothings. I hoped that bastard Grayson did not touch her or I’d have his pack wiped out. 1
With her on my mind and her scent engulfing me, I went to bed and woke up in the early hours of the morning. I woke up with the determination to win her back and love her the way she should be loved.
“It’s about time you finally came to your senses. We should go and see mate immediately this morning, you’ve deprived me of my mate for so long”, Daxon yipped happily in my head, earning a chuckle from me. Who would have thought the big bad Alpha wolf is like a puppy when it comes to his mate. 1
“You don’t wanna scare her with your excitement when we see her, Dax. She still doesn’t trust us”, I said through the mindlink, earning me a scoff.
“I wonder whose fault that is”, I could feel him rolling his eyes and I shook my head in amusement. Petty bitch.
I went to work out to relief myself of my anxiety. I worked out for about 2 hours before I decided to go wash up. Daxon keot on pestering me to go and see Lola so I blocked him out about an hour ago.
To be very honest, I’m anxious and maybe a little scared that she’d reject me after the way I treated her yesterday. I had my bath and dressed up to go and see her at the pack house. 1
I met Mom in the kitchen but she totally ignored me. Just great. I’m starting to think my parents wished she was their child instead of me.
On entering the pack house, people greeted me and I nodded in acknowledgement but there was only a certain blue eyed beauty on my mind.
Walking further into the pack house, I smelt her before I saw her but the scene before me made my blood boil and I let out a thunderous growl.
She jumped back from the man she was hugging and I saw that it was one of my warriors. I resisted the urge to move closer to them and snap off the guy’s neck. Instead, I said something that I’d regret for years to come.
“Maybe your former Alpha was right after all. You’re just a slut that’s not worthy of love”, I said in hurt and anger.
Then I stormed out of the pack house, not even giving her a chance to explain the situation I saw.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 25
Lola’s POV
I felt so hollow and empty. I thought I couldn’t be affected by whatever he says or does anymore, but was I wrong. I could not properly hear what was going on around me. All I heard was echoes and distant sounds.
“Lola, Lola, can you hear me?” I heard someone calling out to me distantly and tried to reply but I could not. It felt like my lungs were being crushed and I could not even cry out for help.
I suddenly took in a large gulp of air and came back to the present. Jace was kneeling beside me with a worried look on his face. I did not remember how I reached the floor nor how long I’d been out of it for, but the look on his face made me realze that it was bad.
“Lola, can you hear me now? Do you recognise me?” He asked worriedly and I laughed. I really laughed in that situation.
“Why do you look so worried, Jacey. I’m fine”, I smiled at him and he ran his hands through his hair in frustration. “You’re fine? Lola, you were numb and unmoving for over 5 minutes. I called you severally, you did not give me any response. You just sat still and unmoving. If I had not seen the rapid rise and fall of your chest, I’d have thought you were dead. Yet, you claim to be fine?” He was practically screaming at this point.
Ignoring the fact that he looked like he was about to explode, “I’ll like to be left alone”, I said to him. He looked at me like I was crazy and hesitated. “Please”, I pleaded to him and he nodded before he left me.
I picked myself off the floor and made my way back to Lyla’s room. I was not crying nor feeling anything, I just stared blankly at the door until she came in.
“Are you okay, Lola? What happened with Adrian? How did you know Jace? He was the one that came to get me”, she fired rapidly once she saw me sitting on the bed, staring blankly at her.
As if on que, the waterworks started when she asked me questions. I suddenly felt like my heart was being ripped apart. I cried out in pain while clutching at my chest, trying to relieve the pain I felt inside of me.
Lyla rushed towards me and held me in her arms while I cried out my eyes. She did not offer any words of comfort or tried to make me stop crying, which I was grateful for.
Jasmine wept silently in my head and I could not even comfort her. Adrian did not know what I went through at my former pack, he did not even know anything about me and he had the guts to say such words to me. Why does the moon goddess think it’s a good idea to pair me people that don’t think highly of me?
For about an hour, I cried and Lyla held me through all of it. I was grateful to at least have someone that could be there for me. I calmed down and she let me go I wriggled my body.
“Are you done crying over that dumbass that doesn’t know what he’s missing out on”, she asked once she let me go and I gasped.
“He’s your Alpha, you can’t speak about him like that”, i exclaimed and she rolled her eyes. “I can and I will. A man that thinks he can treat his mate like this can’t have my respect”, she said and I giggled a look little.
“I swear, you’re so crazy and fearless”. She flipped her hair over her shoulder with pride, “yeah, I know I am. He messed with the wrong person. Nobody fucks with my friend and gets away with it”, she flipped her hair dramatically again and we both laughed.
“Now, now. We need to forget all these boys dramas and problems and have a girl’s day out”, she said excitedly.
“I’m not sure about that, Lyla. I don’t think I want to be around pack members after what happened in the pack house today.
The story would have spread all over the pack”, I said sadly.
“That’s why we’re leaving the pack lands, durhhhh. I doubt you’ve ever been to the human town. They have such big malls and very very amazing structures and restaurants. It’s so different from our pack. You’re going to love it”, she said excitedly. I was about to say something when she interrupted me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 26
“I know what you’re going to say and I’ve got it all solved while you were crying. The Luna has given us her permission to leave the pack lands and go have fun. We’re going to need a car though, we need to reach the Luna’s house to get one”. At the mention of going back to Adrian’s house, my eyes widened and Lyla rolled her eyes at me again.
I wonder how her eyes hasn’t stuck to her skull with the amount of times she rolls them in a day.
“Before you freak out, he’s not at the house. We’ll just see the Luna real quick, get you a change of clothes and then leave”. With that she jumped off the bed and dragged me up with her. We ran through the pack house and everybody looked at us like we were crazy.
I was out of breath by the time we reached Adrian’s house but Lyla looked like she did not just run at all.
Man, I’m so weak. No wonder no man wants me. I said to myself.
Rose engulfed me in a hug immediately she set her eyes on me. “I’m so sorry, Lola. I promised I raised him right, I don’t know how he turned out like this”, she said sniffling and I hugged her back tightly.
“You’re not responsible for his actions, Rose. You’re not responsible for his actions”, I replied while hugging her back.
“You guys should break it up. She needs to be ready before our ride gets here or our plan is going to go up in flames”, Lyla said, prying us apart.
I swear that girl has too much energy in her tiny body.
She pushed me towards the stairs. I went to my room and met my bed ruffled like someone slept on them. Adrian’s scent also lingered in the air but I ignored it.
I went to wash my face and freshen up. I wore the clothes I had on again and went downstairs. I saw Nathan, Lyla and Rose having a heated conversation which stopped immediately they sensed me.
When Rose saw me, she gave a signal to Lyla and then led Nathan away from the living room.
“Nathan, darling, I need you to help me with something upstairs. Come with me”, Nathan followed her and that was when I saw Lyla held up a car key.
She grabbed my hands and led me out of the house hurriedly. A sleek car was parked in front of the house and she rushed me into the vehicle. Without wasting time, the vehicle came alive and Lyla sped off with an evil laughter.
“Why are we running away”, I asked her when she continued speeding even when we already left the house behind. A thought suddenly occured to me and I gasped.
“You did not just steal Nathan’s car, did you?” She laughed in response and I wanted to scream at her. “Yo, calm down. I did not steal it, I took it with Rose’s permission”, she said and I calmed down a bit.
“Do you know what I also took with her permission?” I shook my head in negative to her answer.
“Adrian’s black card”, she waved it in my front and I felt my eyes widen in panic and my breathing quickened.
“Turn around this instant, Lyla. We’re definitely going to get punished. How can you be so crazy?” I asked in fear and agitation. “Adrian doesn’t like me one bit, he’d be so mad if he found out that any of his money was spent on me”, I rambled on and she just let me panic while she continued driving.
When I was done panicking, she spoke up. “We have the Luna’s permission and getting his money spent lavishly is what he gets for messing with you. He won’t know you spent any money, he’s loaded”, she said and I calmed down a bit.
“With that being said, sit back and enjoy the ride. We’re going to have one hell of a day, baby”, she screamed into the deserted road and we both laughed.
And let me tell you that she wasn’t lying when she said we were going to have one hell of a day.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 27
Lola’s POV
We drove for a while before we entered the human’s town. I was amazed by the amount of people that roamed the street and went about their activities. No one was surprised to see anyone, it was unlike the packs, where everyone was in anyone’s business.
It took a while before we got to our destination and I marveled when I saw the very large space that consisted of other large spaces that Lyla told me was the mall.
People trooped in and out of the mall in groups, with kids, as a couple or individually. They all looked carefree and happy and I wanted to feel that way to.
I was lost in thought when Lyla shook me vigorously and told me to leave the car. “You don’t plan to say in there for the whole of today, did you? We came here to have fun and fun we’ll have. Get down so we can enjoy the rest of our day”, she said excitedly, bouncing from toe to toe. 2
I slowly got out of the car and walked towards her. “Rose had only one rule, you must never stray from me”, she said and gripped my hands tightly in hers.
We walked into the mall and my jaw dropped when I saw just how beautiful it looked. Different shops with different names filled the big building. People seemed to have no care in the world and just went about their day alone, with their friends or with their love one.
“I can’t decide where I want to go to first. I have a lot of things I want to show you. I’m going to list places we’re going to visit and you will pick one”, she said as we stood in the middle of the mall.
“But I’ve never been here and I don’t know what all these places are nor what is done there”, I told her. “Exactly why you’re picking out first location, girl. You won’t be biased”.
“Okay, so we have the boutique, the spa and the saloon. Which one will you be going first?” She asked me expectantly and I was confused. 1
“I don’t know, Lyla. Spa?” I asked uncertainly and she clapped her hands excitedly. “Excellent choice, Lola. I knew I could count on you to make the right choice for us”, she held my hands and dragged me towards the so called spa..
I don’t even know what a spa is.
“Spa, here we come”, she shouted excitedly and people looked at us weirdly. Great going, Lyla. “Can you please tone it down a bit, Lyla. You’ve been here a gazillion times and you’re even more excited than I am. People are giving us weird looks”, I told her and she screamed a little bit more just to spite the people looking at us. I giggled at her antics.
“They can give us looks all they want, we’re here to have a good day and a good day we shall have without being told how to behave or what to say”, she spoke, never letting go of my hand nor slowing down her pace.
I was about to ask her when we’d get to the so-called spa when she stopped in front of a store with SERENA’S SPA in beautiful cursive letters in front of it.
“My favourite spa in the mall. Be prepared to feel like a new born once we’re done here”, she told me as she opened the door.
I was greeted by a calm, soothing scent that I can’t place. It was a combination of lavender, chamomile, rose, Amber and other herbs that I can’t distinguish. I felt at ease and loved the whole vibe of the place.
“Look who’s here, my favourite customer of all times”, a voice sounded in front of us, “and you brought a friend”, she said as she smiled at me warmly.
“Serenaaaaa, I missed you too”, Lyla ran forward and hugged the beautiful black woman in front of me. I stood awkwardly, not knowing what to do or say.
The woman was taller than us and she looked effortlessly stunning. Her black long hair was in braids and it was decorated with beads. Her brown eyes shown and her appearance looked like that of a hipster. 1
The woman came close to me and gently patted my hair, sending waves of calmness and peace through me. She smiled at me and I found myself smiling back. I felt like I’ve known her for a long time even though I just met her.
“You grew up well, child. I’m proud of you for persevering and coming this far”, she said with a sad smile on her face and I got confused. I have never met the woman before.
“Have we met, ma’am?” I asked and she seemed to be pulled out of whatever trance she was in. “My apologies, young lady. I was carried away for a moment”, she apologized to me before turning towards Lyla.
“Why don’t you introduce me to your friend, Lyla?” She asked and that seemed to jolt Lyla out of her confused state too. She came forward and her bubbly personality returned.
“My bad, Serena. I felt you already know her with the whole thing that happened just now”, Serena just rolled her eyes at her words but she continued anyways.
“Serena, this is Lola. She’s the newest addition to our pack, I’m sure you already know all that”, I got confused by that part, Lola, this is Serena. She’s also supernatural like us. She’s psychic”.
11
“I did not know they were a real thing”, I mumbled and Serena laughed. She led us towards a room where long tables that I was later told were massage tables have been laid out. The scent kd herbs in this area was stronger and helped me relax more.
“You ladies can go change in the inner roo while I prepare for your massage. Lyla, I’ll have one of the girls get ready for you, I need to take on Lola myself”, she told us as she gave us a white fluffy bathrobe each.
The bathrobe felt so comfortable and soft, I could wear something like that for the rest of my life. I got out and met Lyla already laid on the massage table while another pretty girl massaged her body.
Serena led me to another room. “You won’t be getting full body massage, how about aromatherapy with slight body massage? I figured you won’t want to expose your body”, she said and I reading agreed. “You really are psychic”, I said to her, giving her a grateful smile and she smiled back.
She prepared different herbs and placed them around the massage table. The smell got stronger and overpowering as I heard her whisper some words under her breath.
I suddenly felt very sleepy and drowsy. As the herbs got stronger, I felt like my soul was leaving my body and being transported to another realm.
I looked towards where Serena stood and saw that her eyes were completely white. I got afraid but I couldn’t move my body. Before I could scream, I heard an alluring voice in my head.
“Come to me, child”. Then I lost consciousness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 28
Lola’s POV
I opened my eyes and saw a garden filled with roses and other beautiful flowers. I felt like I was floating through the field as I could not feel the ground beneath me.
I looked down and saw that I was now wearing a white gown, the bathrobe long gone. My skin looked like glass, flawless and smooth. I raised my gown to check the scars on my thighs and they were no longer there.
I felt like I could live in that garden forever, away from all heartbreaks, away from all pains, no scars nor injury on my body. I did not want to leave the garden.
I closed my eyes and continued to enjoy the peace of the garden when I heard a very beautiful voice call out to me.
“Lola, child. Welcome. You grew so well, thank you for holding out and persevering”, she said the same things as Serena. I looked around, trying to find the voice but I couldn’t.
“Serena, is that you? Why are you hiding from me? Why are we here in this garden?”, I fired out the question rapidly.
The voice laughed softly and I could listen to it all day, it was so melodious. “I am Selene, child. I brought you to this garden through my dear friend, Serena”, she said and my eyes widened in shock.
No, it couldn’t be. It can’t be what I’m thinking.
“You’re Selene? Like the Moon goddess that werewolves worship, Selene?” I asked in awe and she laughed again. “Yes, I am that Selene, Lola”, she answered softly.
As I took in the fact that I was in fact, in front of the Moon goddess, my awe turned into anger and I asked her the question that had always been on the forefront of my mind.
“Why? Why did you make my parents leave so suddenly? Why did you watch me suffer for 10 years in my pack? Why did I get paired with men that hate my guts and person? How dare you treat me like that? Why, just why did you make me go through all of that?” I shouted into the garden, tears streaming down my cheeks and heard her sighed sadly.
“I’m sorry, Lola. I did not abandon you, I promise. Everything that happened was to keep you safe and shape you to reach your full potential and accept your calling”, she said and I became more confused.
Full potential? Calling? What the heck was she talking about? I was about to ask her what she meant when she spoke up again.
“I know you have a lot of questions but now is not the time for that. You’ll discover more as time goes on. Go now child, Lyla is waiting for you”, she said and I shook my head.
“Lyla can wait. I want to know what……”, I was in the middle of my sentence when I felt like I was being dropped from a very high point.
I felt my heart lurch and I kept screaming. I was about to hit the ground when I woke up with a gasp on the massage table. I sat up and saw Serena smiling at me.
“What was that about? Was that really Selene? What did she mean by ‘full potential’ and ‘calling”?” I asked Serena and she just shook her head at me.
“You’ll find out as time goes on, Lola. Don’t rush to find information, it’s almost here. Don’t doubt whatever decision you decide to make from here on”, she said and I wanted to scream.
Why can’t nobody tell me what the fuck is going on? I waited for 10 years and now I have to wait more?
I was about to say something to her when Lyla came into the room. She looked so relaxed and refreshed, the total opposite of how I was feeling inside of me. Serena gave me a look that said to keep shut and I decided to let it go.
“I fell asleep, would you believe that? I guess you would believe, you look like you just woke up too”, she came to sit beside me on the massage table.
She suddenly looked at me and gasped before using her hands to cover her mouth. “Oh my goddess, Lola. Your hair looks so white, it’s a totally different shade from the silver I was used to. It looks so good and pretty.
She turned towards Serena, “You never made me look this gorgeous with a simple massage, Rena”, she accused her and Serena laughed at her. “You never asked, sugar”.
Lyla said it was time to go, we already spent more time than we ought to. I quietly went to change my clothes back. The dream I had and what Serena said were at the forefront of my thoughts.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 29
“Are you okay, Lola?”, Lyla asked me as I came out wearing my former clothes, “You look like you have a lot on your mind”. I nodded my head in negative to assure her that I was okay.
“This won’t do. If massage won’t take your mind off things, I know what will. Off to our next stop”, she clapped her hand excitedly and I tried to make excited too, since she was doing this for me.
“We’ll be off, Serena. I’ll see you another time. Thank you for your time”, Lyla held my hands and dragged me out of the shop without waiting for Serena’s response. I managed to catch her eyes before we left the shop and she smiled sadly while waving at me.
We came to a stop in front of a store that sells clothes. I could not remember the exact name of the store but it started with a G. Their clothes were very expensive but Lyla said that was exactly why we went in there.
We shopped for clothes for almost 2 hours. Chelsea made us enter almost every store that sold clothings and accessories in the mall. We also shopped for girly products and makeup.
Before we went to eat, we stopped by a store called Victoria’s Secret. They had a lot of sexy underwear and Chelsea made me buy them even when I told her I wouldn’t be needing them.
My hands were starting to ache from how much load we had. We stopped by a food court and Chelsea ordered a burger and fries for me. I’ve never had it before, it felt so good eating something that wasn’t prepared in the kitchen. I’m not saying they’re not good but it was a nice change.
I felt eyes on me and looked towards where the feeling came from but saw nothing. I’ve been feeling that way since we left Serena’s place. Jasmine also became restless in my head.
“Do you feel it too, Lola. It feels like someone is following us”, I heard through our mindlink. “I don’t see anybody though, nothing looks out of place here. Maybe it’s all in our head from what we dreamt and what Serena told us”, I replied back and she went quiet again.
“Are you ready to drop our stuff in the car? We have one more place to go but we can’t go with all of these things,” Lola told me when we were done eating. I nodded my head and we made our way over to the car. We dropped stuff before heading back into the mall.
This time around we made our way to a salon. Lola seemed to know the people here too and I waited while they exchanged pleasantries.
“I thought you might want to change your appearance or do something with your hair, that’s why we’re here. You don’t have to if you don’t want to, we can just get mani and pedi and go”, Lyla told me softly.
I felt my hair that was almost reaching my lower back and decided that there’s no harm in trying out something new.
“I’d like to cut it, I want a completely new look”, I said confidently. Lyla also took a seat beside me and demanded that her hair be cut too. I appreciated her support and kind heart.
I loved what I saw when I looked in the mirror afterwards. My hair was barely reaching my shoulder. The white stood out against my skin clearly and I could not stop touching it.
Lyla looked breath-taking with her new look too. It was almost the same length as mine but she got bangs too.
Our manicure and pedicure was next and it felt good to have someone dote on me for a change. It came out well and we left the mall after we paid.
I won’t say the whole experience today made me forget all that I was going through but I at least have happy memories and I had a fun day.
The ride back home was peaceful and I slept a little before we reached the pack.
Unknown’s POV
“What did you find”, I spoke into the receiver immediately I picked up.
“The girl Lilith gave us information that fits the description you told us sir, but I doubt she’s the one. She doesn’t seem to even have a wolf. I don’t think she’s the right person, sir”, the voice on the other end of the receiver spoke and I growled at him.
“That’s why she’s different, idiot. Do not lose her, I need you to find out what pack she stays in. Do not come back without tangible information”, I spoke into the receiver and hung up.
Very soon, darling, very soon you’ll be mine and mine alone.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 30
Lola’s POV
You know that feeling when it feels like you’ve finally reached your final destination, then you can rest? That’s exactly how I felt when I saw the pack come into view.
I might not have a mate still, but I have people that will support me and stay by me now. Even though they’re not up to 5, they’re still people I can count on to stick up for me. 1
The pack house came into view and I saw a fuming Nathan standing in front of the pack house. Uh-oh. I looked towards Lyla and she didn’t seem to care that he was angry and it was directed at her.
We packed in front of the pack house and Nathan stormed over to the car, knocking harshly on the window. Lyla took her time to turn off the engine and unbuckle her seat belt before opening the car. 1
“What the hell, Lyla? How could you go on a girl’s day out or whatever without my permission nor Adrian’s”, he asked angrily, immediately Lyla opened the door.
“Last time I checked, I do not need your permission to live my life. I asked Luna and she gave me her permission. The only thing you should be mad about is your motherfucking car and I brought it back in one piece”, she spat, looking him directly in the eye.
What exactly is going on with these two? I stayed silent to avoid being caught in the middle of their heated argument.
“What if something happened to you? You could have taken one body guard with you. And you did not go alone, if something had happened to Lola, would you take responsibility?” He snarled at her, the anger in his eyes growing.
Lola rolled her eyes at him, “Like I said, don’t act like you care. We’re back in one piece and I promise you that your car doesn’t have a scratch”, she tried to move past him but he wouldn’t budge.
“Out of my way, Hulk. I need to get my things from the car, so you can take Lola to the house. Stop talking too much, you’re a man”, she looked towards his crotch area at that statement, “or maybe not”.
She was about to move him again when he trapped her against the back door car. “Say that one more time, and I’ll show you just how much of a man I can be”, he said lowly.
Damn werewolf hearing, I don’t want to be here.
I zoned out because it felt like I was intruding on something. I was brought back to the present when I heard the back door slam shut. Lola poked her head into the car through the driver’s side. 3
“I had fun today, Lola. Let’s do it again soon”, she smiled at me and I nodded at her. “I had fun too, thank you for the opportunity”, I smiled back at her.
“No problem,chica. It’s what friends do”, she looked towards Nathan before looking back at me. “Dickhead here is going to take you back to the house. My regards to Rose, and I almost forgot”, she brought out Adrian’s card, “tell her we had loads of fun with the card. See you later, baby girl”, she waved at me before walking away.
“The least you can do is thank me for using my car for your getaway”, Nathan shouted after her and she gave him the finger, making me giggle in response.
Nathan entered the car and I stiffened. I was still not comfortable around him.
“Good evening, Lola. Your hair suits you”, he said and I was shocked. “Thank you?” It came out as a question and he started the car, which I was grateful for.
Rose came outside when she heard Nathan’s car stop in front of the house. She ran towards me when she saw me and hugged me.
“Oh my goddess, you look stunning. I like the color you made your hair”, she gushed over me. I wanted to tell her I did not dye my hair but decided against it. Nobody would believe I met with the Moon goddess in my dreams anyway.
“Let’s go inside so you can tell me all about your day and how much fun you had. I want to know everything”, she pulled me towards the house before Nathan’s voice stopped us.
“And who’s going to carry all of these loads inside, definitely can’t be me”, he said and Rose turned on him with her eyebrows raised. “You want your Luna to lift heavy loads when you’re here? Where is your manners, young man?” She asked with her hands on her hips and Nathan bowed his head in submission.
“I’m sorry, Luna. I’ll carry all of it inside now”, Rose turned towards the house and we giggled together.
We sat at the kitchen counter while Nathan carried all of my stuff inside. Rose made him carry it to my room to which he whined and complained. He left after he was done packing it.
Rose brought out some cookies and milk for us to munch on while I recounted all of my day’s experience to her. I swear she was more excited than I was for having such a fun day.
“……….and she made us enter all of the stores in the mall”, was what I was talking about when Adrian entered looking all sweaty and rough.
His gaze lingered on me and I saw sadness cloud his eyes for a fleeting moment before he masked it with anger and stormed towards the stairs without saying a word to anyone, not even Rose.
I suddenly went mute. I just couldn’t understand why he would say such mean things to me without even listening to my side of the story.
I did not know I was crying until Rose wiped my cheeks. I looked towards her and saw how sorry she was for my predicament. It wasn’t her fault though, she tried her best.
“I’m so sorry, Lola. No one deserves what you’re going through”, she hugged me as I sobbed into her chest.
We soon heard Adrian come down the stairs and he left the house without saying anything to anyone.
I excused myself from the kitchen and went up to my room. I washed up and changed into a cute onesie I bought and went to bed early.
Little did I know that what I had gone through during the day was a walk in the pack compared to what was coming for me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 31
Adrian’s POV
(After he stormed out when he saw Lola with Jake) 1
I changed into my wolf form immediately and ran out of the pack house into the pack woods. How could she do that to her mate? I was just about to go to her and she already found another man to replace me with? Such a whore!
“Do not call mate such a degrading word, you’re no better yourself. I don’t blame her if she found another person, you treated her like she was below you when you should have cherished her as your equal. You hurt her first and now you’re mad she’s with another person? Hypocrite!” Daxon yelled in my head and I got even more angry.
“I haven’t even rejected her, Daxon. She could have given me that much respect, maybe Grayson was right about her after all “, I snarled back angrily and felt him trying to take control of my body.
I blocked him out and ran towards my safe space. No one else knew this part existed in the pack. I stumbled upon it eight years ago and it has since then, become a place I go to whenever I’m overwhelmed and need to clear my head.
I laid down with my head in between my two forearms, facing the calm river. It looked so peaceful and calm, the total opposite of what I felt inside of me.
I was troubled that I felt this way towards my own mate. Maybe I should have listened to her but she was basically glued to that guy. They definitely are having an affair, no explanation can fix that. 2
I remained in my wolf form and placed one paw into the water. The coolness of the river water calmed my troubled mind a bit. I soon drifted off to sleep, forgetting all about my worries for a while.
When I woke up, I made the mistake of opening my mindlink and Daxon took that opportunity to spew words that I don’t want to listen to at that moment in my ears.
I changed back to my human form because there was a high chance of him quickly gaining control of my body in my wolf form. It was evening and I was stark naked so I walked to one of the trees where we keep stash of clothes and got a shirt and short to wear pack in to the Herat of the pack.
While we’re werewolves and nudity is a common thing. If rather not have a lot of people gawk at what should be my mate’s alone.
I got to the house in the evening and saw Lola and mom discussing in the kitchen happily. I felt angry at the fact that she was happy while I was suffering for her actions.
I got to the kitchen area and my heart sped up from how beautiful she looked. It was obvious that she went out today. How could she have fun when I am suffering from her actions. 5
I stormed towards my room without saying a word to her and my mom. I had barely gotten into my room when I heard her crying. My heart broke listening to my mate cry, knowing I was the cause of it.
I couldn’t stay in the house, I felt like I was going to do something I might regret. I picked up my phone and called her, she’s always available.
“Hello Alpha. To what do I owe this pleasure?” Her voice purred on the other end of the call and I almost dropped the call. “You’re available tonight? I need a quick fix”, I heard her giggle over the phone before she replied. “Of course, I’m free for you anytime, my Alpha. I’ll be yours soon, there’s no point in asking”, she said in what she thought was sexy but was very weird to me.
“See you in 30”, I did not hear whatever she had to say and hung up immediately. I went to shower and mistakenly let my guard down again.
“Are you joking? You’re going to sleep with another she-wolf because she hugged another person?” Daxon shouted in my head and I ignored him.
“Do you know how much pain she’ll be in? Come to your senses, Adrian” I ignored him and blocked him out again.
I don’t care what anyone says, I won’t respect a woman that doesn’t respect me. 3
I dressed up and went downstairs. I did not spare mom nor Lola another glance before I left the house. I got to Fay’s place in about 45 minutes.
“Good evening, Adrian”, she smiled seductively at me, “took you longer than…..”, I did not wait for her to finish her sentence before I slammed my lips on her.
It felt so wrong but I did care in that moment. I just wanted something to get my mind off Lola. I kissed her roughly but she seemed to like it as she moaned as kissed me back with the same fervor. 1
“Your room is which way?” I asked, breaking the kiss. She giggled again as she led the way to her room. Why does 1 person giggle so much?
She led the way to her room and I had barely closed the door when I grabbed her and slammed her against the door. I ripped her shirt open and groped her boobs. She moaned louder which was starting to piss me off.
“If you don’t want me to walk through that door right this instant, shut your mouth”, I said lowly in her ears and she only seemed to get more excited.
“Yes, Daddy”, she moaned and I wanted to hear those words from a particular blue-eyed girl. 1
I ripped her panties off and turned her such that her back was facing me. I bent her against the door and entered her in one deep stroke without warning. She screamed out and that just made me go harder. It felt good to take out my frustrations in someone else. 2
Seeing as her legs were shaking, indicating she was going to cum, I pulled out of her and instructed her to lay on the bed with her legs spread opened.
I imagine she was the fragile, platinum blonde I wanted to pound hard and slammed into her pussy again. She screamed in pains and pleasure and the sound made me feel better.
I kept pounding her pussy walls until she came around my cock. I imagined it was Lola squeezing her pussy walls against my dick and came over Fay’s stomach.
I was neither satisfied nor calm after I finished fucking Fay. We went again and again until I decided that it was enough and I was done fucking her.
She wanted to cuddle up but I made it clear to her that it was just fuck and we went to bed on opposite sides of the bed.
Little did I know that I just made a mistake that’s going to cost me a lot.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 32
Lola’s POV
I was awakened when I felt fire spreading through my body. It started from my neck and spread to my toes. I was trying to keep my screams of agony in but I couldn’t help but let out whimpers of pain.
I know this pain, I’ve gone through it before and I know it was going to get worse in a minute. Tears leaked from my eyes, not because of the pain but from hurt and betrayal. 2
Jasmine whimpered in my head and I cried harder. My poor wolf. She’s gotten nothing but pains and tragedy since I was 10. Selene lied to me. Fuck her and her words of deceit. “To prepare you for what’s to come” my foot. I am just 18, why do I have to go through this?
“I’m sorry Jas. I’m sorry for putting you through this again”, I cried into the mindlink and she howled in pain in my head. I felt her trying to take my pain but I blocked her out. I could not let her take it again, if she keeps doing that, I’d lose her in no time.
The pain got worse and I clutched the bed spread and bit my lips till I tasted blood. I tried not to make any noise so I wouldn’t wake Rose and Jayden.
The fire within me got hotter, it felt like lava was running through my veins and I did not know when a piercing scream escaped my lips. I clutched at my stomach to stop the piercing pain in it to no avail. It felt like my intestines were being melted slowly, at this point, I was already drenched in my own sweat and I could barely breathe.
The pain was worse than what I experienced with Grayson. With Grayson, I could at least see what was going on around me. Adrian must be having so much fun.
My door suddenly broke open and I saw the silhouette of Rose and Jayden rush into my dark room. Rose rushed towards me while Jayden turned on the light.
Rose’s eyes widened when she saw my writhing body and by her loud gasp, she must have understood what was happening in that moment.
“Jayden, get out”, she whispered into the room, knowing fully well that Jayden could hear her because of his werewolf hearing. “What? Ro, what’s the matter?” A very confused Jayden asked as he made his way towards my bed.
“Get out!!!” She turned towards him and shrieked and Jayden left the room without being told again. I was still holding my stomach but the pain had subsided a little.
“Oh my, Lola. I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry”, she kept repeating her apologies and I sent her a weak smile. It wasn’t her fault I was in that situation, Adrian was the one to be blamed for his lack of control.
I was about to reply to her when I screamed out in agony again. Rose rushed towards me and touched me, resulting in me screaming more. She pulled back and I heard her crying.
Adrian should be ashamed of himself for failing as a mate and a son. He’s the reason his mother is in despair at the moment. Despite my pain, I wanted to reach out to her and console her.
“Let me help you out of your clothes please”, she sniffled and tried to remove my clothes but I stopped her. I did not want her to see my scars and bruises.
“N-no, p-p-please-e-e*, I weakly said and she looked at me in confusion. “Please allow me, Lola. Your clothes are thick and will only add to the heat you’re feeling”, she said to me and I had no choice but to allow her to remove it. I closed my eyes tightly as she undressed me, not wanting to see the look in her eyes.
She gasped when she removed my top and I did not need to look at her eyes to know that she was disgusted by me. Without saying another word, she removed that duvet covering my legs and removed my bottoms gently.
I was expecting her to leave but she went into my bathroom and soon came out with a towel and basin of water. She kept sniffling and tried to hide the fact that she was crying.
She tended to me, using the cold towel to make me feel less hot, it did not work but I appreciated her efforts. She’d hold my hands whenever the pains returned and I started clutching at my stomach, which I knew was going to bruise by morning.
I’d occasionally see her look at my body and tear up. I saw pity in her eyes and I wanted to hide my skin but I had no energy to move my body. I felt vulnerable under her eyes but I couldn’t do anything about it.
About 2 hours later, the agonizing pain subsided and I felt myself growing weak with each passing moment. Rose noticed that I wasn’t writhing as much and came to sit on the bed beside me on the bed.
She pulled my hair that was matted with sweat to my forehead away and gently caressed my cheeks. I opened my tired eyes and looked up at her to find her crying.
“Can I?” She gently asked and I nodded at her, knowing what she was asking for. She gently traced her hands over my visible scars as more tears rolled down her eyes. She lingered the big purple scar on my stomach where another bruise was forming already.
“From your last pack?” She whispered and I nodded. “Yeah, my former mate”, I whispered back and she started crying again.
I wanted to hug her but the pain in my stomach did not allow me to move far before I slumped onto the bed again. She gently hugged me and I felt so warm and protected. I felt like I was in my mother’s arms.
“No one deserved what you went through, Lola. You’re just a child, you should be protected and cared for. I promise to protect you from here on, I’d not let any harm come to you”, she said into my hair as she cried.
I hugged her back and cried a bit. She kissed my forehead as she covered me with the duvet and stepped away from the bed.
“Goodnight, Lola”, she whispered as she opened the door and stepped out.
“Goodnight, Mom”, I whispered into the empty room. Then I lost consciousness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 33
Rose’s POV
I went into the room I shared with Jayden in a daze. Jayden was by my side immediately I opened the door.
“What was that about, Ro. Why was she in pain?” He asked curiously and I burst into tears again. I could not get the image of her battered body out of my head and I felt like I failed as a mother.
“I’ve failed as a mother, Jay. Adrian has disgraced me and I’m not worthy of being called a mother”, i said amidst tears. Jayden led me towards our bed and held me till my tears subsided.
“Adrian was having sex with another woman. That’s why Lola was in pain”, I said softly into his shoulder and felt his body stiffen in anger at my words.
“Everybody knows what happens when you have sex with another person when you have a mate. What’s wrong with him?” He said in anger and I cried again.
“Hey, hey, look at me baby”, he held my face delicately in his hands and made me look him in the eyes, “I’ll talk some sense into him when he gets back home, you don’t need to beat yourself up over that. Lola is fine now, no?” He asked me lovingly and I felt like my heart was being crushed.
Why can’t Adrian be like his father? He doesn’t even know half of what Lola had gone through and he dares to treat her like trash? 1
I felt Ezra trying to rise to the surface, the maternal instinct to protect a child in danger overwhelming her. Jayden looked at me intently, waiting for me to explain more.
“There’s more, Jay. I saw things in that room and if Adrian were not my son, I’d have had him banished or killed”, I wailed. I knew I was getting Jayden worried but I couldn’t help the way I felt inside.
“You can talk to me, my love. You’re worrying me, I’m not going to lie. I haven’t seen you this way since…….well since that incident”, he said softly.
Looking into his eyes, I spoke. “You want to know what I really saw? You’re not going to go out there right now and kill Adrian, promise?” He nodded his head eagerly and I sighed before speaking again.
“She’s been abused, Jay”, I hiccuped as I spoke, “her body was filled with bruises and scars”, I felt my tears dam trying to break again but I reigned it in.
“The freshest one is a big, purple bruise on her stomach. She got it from her former mate”. At the mention of a former mate, Jay’s eyes widened, “former mate? She had a mate before Adrian?” He asked in shock.
“Yeah, the one that came the other day from Moonlit pack”, I nodded my head. Shock was evident on Jayden’s face and he was at a loss for words.
“Why did Adrian let him go? Why was I not informed? As the Alpha King, I have the responsibility to protect all pack werewolves and Adrian let him go?” He said angrily, slightly raising his voice.
“She rejected him and that’s why she ran to our pack. Adrian is her second chance mate and he’s been treating her the same way, save the beatings”, I sighed as I remembered how her scars covered her body. 1
There was barely any clear skin, it was all bruised and battered.
“Another purple bruise was already forming where the other one was. Adrian added to her pain instead of relieving her of it”, my tears dam broke and I wept uncontrollably.
That pain is something any lady wouldn’t wish on their enemy and she already went through it twice. “She did not ask me what was going on or why she felt that way, she already knew Jay. She knew already and she was ready to brace it”,
“She did not want me to see her body, that’s why she wears clothes that cover most of her skin. She’s broken and I am not surprised she’s wary around everyone. I wonder what she did to her old pack to deserve such treatment”. Jayden was silent as I said everything I saw but I could see him trying to reign in his anger by clenching and unclenching his jaw. 3
“Let’s go to sleep, Ro. We’re going to figure all of these out in the morning”, Jayden said as he laid me on the bed and laid down beside me.
I did not protest and held him close to my body. I could not imagine a life where Jayden made me cry or feel small. With a lot on my mind, I fell asleep restlessly.
****
I woke up in the early hours of the morning and gently slid off the bed to go and check on Lola. She was still sleeping peacefully and I watched her for a moment before I left. Her fever had gone down also.
Her cheeks looked so sunken and she looked like she was barely holding on. I wanted to hug her and tell her everything will be alright but I refrained from doing so, I did not want to wake her nor make things awkward. She isn’t comfortable around people yet.
I went into the kitchen to make her breakfast so she can have something to eat when she wakes up. I’d feel so uncomfortable if she had to help me in the kitchen with what I had seen the night before.
I made a variety of foods. From bacon to toasts to eggs to pancakes. I made a lot of food even though she wasn’t going to eat a lot. I’ve noticed that since yesterday, Julie also told me the same thing when I asked her about the first time they met yesterday.
I cut up a lot of fruit for her. I was determined to take care of her and treat her like a daughter no matter the decision Adrian takes.
I was making soup when I heard the front door open. I knew who it was before I heard him. Ezra took over my body before I knew it, her mother wolf instinct taking over.
Adrian came towards the kitchen where I was cooking. He had the guts to smile at me and I saw red. How dare he be happy when he just put his mate through hell?
I turned off the cooking gas and moved towards where he was standing by the kitchen door.
“Good morning, M……”, he did not finish his sentence before a loud noise was heard.
I had slapped him and it felt so good to see his face contort in pain and shock. 
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 34
Adrian’s POV
I woke with arms wrapped around my torso and small legs tangled in mine. It took me a while to realize that I wasn’t in my bed and memories of last night came rushing back.
I felt disgusted with myself and tried to untangle myself from Fay but she snuggled herself deeper into my neck and I realized she was awake.
“What do you think you’re doing, Fay?” I questioned when she kept hugging me closely. She looked up at me through her eyelashes and I felt nauseated.
Don’t get me wrong, Fay is gorgeous, effortlessly gorgeous but she’s not my mate and I couldn’t stop blaming myself for making such stupid decision just because I was angry.
“What are you talking about, Adrian? We had a good time last night and you even slept over, that means you’ve decided to take me as your Luna and not that lowlife rogue, right?” She asked and giggled but all I saw was red.
I held her tightly by her throat in anger, squeezing till she looked like she was about to pass out and tears streamed down her face.
“Don’t you ever open your dirty, slutty mouth to call Lola a lowlife rogue, ever!!! She’s more of a woman than you’ll ever be and the earlier you grasp that, the better”, I snarled in her face before dropping her like a hot potato, making her cough violently.
I stood up from the bed and opened my mindlink expecting Daxon to go off on me but all was quiet.
Mom wasn’t screaming through the mindlink either.
Well, that’s a first.
I dressed up and left Fay’s house, not uttering another word to her till I left. Feeling the need to release pent up emotions,l went to the pack gym to de-stress.
As I swung punches to the punching bag, I thought about how my life had taken a drastic turn since Lola showed up. It’s barely been a week and I was already a mess.
I couldn’t get her out of my head and I felt paranoid that my mindlink was so quiet, l’ve never felt so alone. It’s unlike Daxon to be totally quiet.
After using about an hour in the gym, I decided to go home. I was feeling restless and I just knew something was wrong.
I got home and met Mom cooking in the kitchen with Lola nowhere in sight. She had a variety of food set out and I wondered what was going on.
She was making what seemed like soup when I entered the kitchen. I smiled at her and greeted her.
“Good morning, M……”, I wasn’t done with my sentence when she came up to me and a very loud noise echoed around the room. Mom slapped me.
I’m 25 already and I can say that since l’ve been old enough to differentiate right from wrong, my mother never raised her hands to slap. What have I done to warrant that?
The shock and pain was evident across my face and I saw a look of satisfaction cross her features. I took in the color of her eyes and realized Ezra was in control.
“Ezra, what’s going on?” I asked with anger in my voice and watched her eyes get angrier and rage crossed her soft features.
“How dare you?” Her voice pierced the silent house, laced with anger and pain. “You’re a disgrace to the wolf world. You don’t deserve the Alpha King title that will soon be bestowed upon you, you don’t even deserve to be called a man”, she boomed and I took a step back, reeling from the shock of her words.
Mom had never said any derogatory words to me since I have known her. Not worthy to be human?
Not worthy to be the next Alpha King? She’s always been my biggest supporter but now this? I felt my anger flare up and raised my voice at her too.
“How can you tell me what I’m worthy of and what I’m not? What exactly is wrong with you?” I matched her voice and felt my anger growing with each passing moment.
She was about to speak again when Dad’s voice sounded behind me. “What makes you deserve to be the next Alpha King?” He boomed behind me and I was really shocked by what was going on.
Dad passed by me, completely ignoring me and went over to Mom. “Ezra, please give Rose control”, Dad said gently and I saw mom’s eye color change a number of times before they went back to their normal color.
Mom glanced at me once and she broke into tears. I haven’t seen Mom cry for the past eight years since that incident and I might be the cause of her tears now?
I made a move to get closer to her but Dad stopped me. I could feel my heart breaking, watching my mother cry.
“Dad, what’s going on”, I asked, worry starting to set in. My mother is one always full of joy and life and she was crying in despair.
“I suggest you go check on Lola and see for yourself. Your inability to hold yourself together caused her so much pain last night. You’re no different from her former pack and mate, Adrian”, he spoke and went back to comforting mother.
I felt like I had been hit by a train. She had a former mate that mistreated her? It all clicked in my head and I wanted to punch myself for being so stupid and oblivious.
The signs were all there and I ignored them. Her constant fear of people, the clothes she always put on, her reaction when the mutt came yesterday, they all clicked in my head and I felt my heart constrict in my chest.
For the first time since I woke up that day, Daxon howled in my head and it was a howl of pain and anger. I turned towards the stairs and ran towards her room.
I opened the door gently to find her looking lifeless save her moving chest beneath the duvet. I walked towards the bed and saw her beautiful hair scattered across her sunken face. She looked sofragile and my heart broke even more.
I made this happen to her. I could have given her a better life when she escaped her pack but I made it worse for her. I resisted the urge to sweep stray hair away from her face, I don’t have the right to touch her after what I put her through.
I saw her arms and shoulders that were not covered by the duvet and the anger in me multiplied. Daxon tried to take control but I resisted it, he was going to do something we’d regret if I gave him the opportunity to take over now. 1
Her arms had dark purple and blue bruises and her shoulders were not left out too. I could not even imagine what the rest of her body looked like.
Taking one last look at her, I left her room with tears streaming down my face and anger burning in my heart.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 35
Lola’s POV
I awoke to stabbing pains in my stomach and willed myself not to cry. I had to stop crying at every little inconvenience. I looked out the window and saw sunlight streaming in. I wonder how long I had been out for.
I wanted to stand up but I felt like ten thousand needles were piercing my joints. I was so weak and it took a while for me to be able to sit up.
I realized I was naked and remembered that it was Rose that helped me through the night. She saw my scars and bruises and I hated the fact that I made her cry.
I was about to get up when I saw an ointment with a note on the bed side table. I gently took it and read what was written there;
“Apply this on your scars. I’m so sorry you had to go through that”
It was a simple note that had me smiling, knowing I had someone that cares about me. Rose has to be the sweetest person l’ve ever met, Lyla mustn’t hear that though.
I stood up and was suddenly overwhelmed by the smell of Adrian. It seemed like he came into my room not quite long. Nah, he couldn’t have. It’s not like he cares about me anyways.
I made my way slowly to the bathroom. I was afraid to look in the mirror so l kept my eyes glued to my feet while I made my way into the shower.
I set the temperature to the point that it was almost scalding and stood under it for as long as I could remember. I wasn’t thinking about anything, I was in a state of nothingness. I was neither happy nor sad, my mind was blank and I could barely feel the water running over my skin.
When I felt like I had had enough, I turned off the water and took a deep breath before walking towards the mirror bare and naked as the day I was born.
As I looked in the mirror, something caught my eyes on my body. A tattoo of a silver wolf howling to a silver crescent moon was starting to form below my left breast, just over my heart. That’s new, I’ve never seen it before.
It was still so faint but its color stood out amongst the black, purple and brown on my skin. I don’t know why but I kinda liked it.
“Feeling any different, Lola?” Jasmine said in my head for the first time since Adrian walked out on us and I was happy to have her back.
“Jasssss, you’re back!!”, I said excitedly in my head and heard her wolfish laughter. “Yeah, I’m back.
Figured you won’t be able to live without me”, she teased and I rolled my eyes at her.
“Well, you are right. What will I do without your sassy self?” I said, still excited. “You’re so lucky to have me durhhh. So, feeling any different?” She asked her question again.
“Apart from this tattoo that’s just forming over my heart, I feel the same as ever” , told her through themindlink. “I’ve been feeling slightly different since our encounter with the Moon goddess in the garden”, she told me.
“How do you feel different? What changes have you seen?”I asked curiously. I was eager to know what changes she was going through.
“Probably because of the energy of the moon goddess in the garden, I feel stronger than I’ve ever been in years. My eye color changed too. One eye is a glowing golden color, the other has a glowing blue with golden iris. My fur is not utterly white anymore, I see a glimpse of silver”
“, she breathed out excitedly and I smiled at her enthusiasm.
“My hair became utterly white too. I haven’t seen any changes in my body, save the tattoo over my heart. I see you’re very excited about the new changes”, said to her and felt her nod her head.
“Why did you not let me take your pain yesterday, Lola. It could have killed you”,
“, she changed topic
and my eyes instinctively went to my stomach where another purple bruise was starting to form.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 36
I sighed before replying to her, “you’re still weak, Jas. And I’m not dead, that counts for something right?” She just rolled her eyes at me.
I wrapped my body in a towel and went into my room to grab some clothes from the ones I shopped for the day before. I remembered Lyla and smiled, I should reach out to her. But how?
I don’t have a phone nor can I mindlink her. I decided that I was going to ask Rose about it later. Hopefully, she can let me go out to see her, I’ve already been slacking as a maid already.
I picked a pink sweatshirt and black jeans to go with it. I picked sexy black underwear and I felt a bit confident in my body. The things lace underwear can do to your self-esteem.
I was about to get dressed when I remembered the ointment Rose kept on my bedside table. I applied it and felt a lot better. I dressed up and went downstairs to see Rose.
The smell of food wafted into my nose and my stomach grumbled loudly just as I set foot into the kitchen threshold. Rose looked up from she was doing and laughed at that.
“Glad to hear that you’re hungry, I prepared all of these for you”, she said with a smile on her face. Her flawless face looks swollen and she seemed to be forcing herself to be cheerful. I felt bad, knowing that I was the cause of her tears. 1
“About yesterday, I…..”, she gave me a stern look before coming over to the counter to hold my hands. “You will not apologize about last night nor take blame for anything. You are the victim, you were the one in pain. If anyone should be sorry, it should be my sorry excuse for a son”, she said sincerely and my eyes watered at her words.
For 8 years, I never had a mother figure to defend me against people that hurt me, it felt really good to be sided with. I nodded my head at her words and she led me towards the table where a lot of food awaited me.
I ate a lot that morning, partly because Rose wouldn’t have it any other way and because I actually feel like I could stomach a lot of food, which I did.
Rose and I were cleaning up when Adrian came down looking like he just survived an apocalypse, I still found him handsome despite his appearance. 1
He came into the kitchen and took his food while Rose and I completely ignored him. I don’t know what transpired when I slept but he seemed quite remorseful and Rose seemed upset too. I refrained from asking Rose about how I could contact Lyla for that day.
Immediately Adrian left the kitchen, I felt the need to work on myself and build a life for myself here in this pack.
“Rose?”I called out softly. “Yes, Lola?” She turned to look at me. “I was wondering if you could tell Alpha Jayden to allow me to start training. I don’t want to keep being the weak wolf of the pack”, I said the last part lowly to myself but she heard anyway.
The kitchen was silent afterwards and I looked up to find her staring at me with her mouth open like she was in shock. I opened my mouth to apologize when she pulled me into a hug.
“Of course, of course Jay is going to allow you to train. No, what am I saying? He’s going to train you himself. You’re going to start tomorrow. I’m so proud of you for thinking about taking this bold step”, she pulled me into a hug again and a smile broke out on my face.
The rest of the day was spent talking about random things, with Rose doing the talking of course. We cooked dinner together and ate when Jayden came back. He agreed to train me and I felt happy taking the cold step for myself. 1
As I went to bed that night, my heart was filled with happiness and joy. I knew it was a new beginning for me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 37
Lola’s POV
Jayden came to wake me up around 5am. I knew it was around that time because I could barely sleep from the excitement of embarking on my journey of self development.
Jasmine was awake too, another reason I could not sleep well. Her excitement and constant chatter contributed to the reason I could not fall asleep back after waking up by 3am.
I couldn’t blame her though. This is a big feat for us.
He was surprised to see me awake and ready when he knocked on my door. I went to get the door and saw him already dressed up for training and that was when it occured to me that I had no clothes to train. I could have worn a sport bra but I wasn’t comfortable enough around people with my scars.
“You’re awake already. I see you’re so excited to start training”, he smiled at me and I looked down shyly. “Get dressed and meet me downstairs in 10 minutes. I’d be waiting for you in the living room”, he said and turned back.
I contemplated telling him about my outfit and finally summoned the courage to call out to him when he was about to reach the stairs.
“Alpha Jayden?” I called out to him and he turned back to face me. “Yes, Lola. And call me Jayden, please”, his deep voice sounded in the hallways.
These people are obsessed with being called by their first names.
“Is Rose awake?” He looked at me quizzically at that question so I rushed to finish up my sentence. “I have nothing to wear to train as I just decided on it yesterday night. I was wondering if she had spare clothes she could give me to train in”, I rushed out.
“Yeah, she’s awake”, his eyes glazed over after that reply, signaling that he was mindlinking someone. “She’ll bring them to you in a minute. I’ll be waiting downstairs for you”, with this he turned and went down the stairs.
Rose came around with a gym leggings and longsleeved top to go with it. She hugged me tightly before she went down the stairs too.
I went into the bathroom to wash my face and brushed my teeth before hurrying back to the room. I hurriedly put on the clothes as I did not want to keep Jayden waiting. I put on a black Converse and made my way down the stairs.
Rose was nowhere to be seen when I got there, so Jayden and I made our way to the basement with Jayden leading of course. It’s not like I have any idea how to reach the basement.
We got to the gym and I was wowed by how amazing and big it looked. Gym equipment was placed all over the place and it was just magnificent, all in all.
“Since this is going to be your first time ever training, we’d be starting with a full body workout to build your body and strength”, I nodded exactly at everything he said, not fully understanding the whole process involved.
By the time he said that we were done training for the day, I was about to faint from exhaustion, even though I felt good and proud of myself.
Jayden passed me a bottle of water and patted my shoulder. “You did quite well for a first timer, you’d be a pro fighter in no time, Lola. I see potential in you”, he said as he patted my shoulder. With that, he went upstairs leaving me to get myself together before I went after him.
Rose’s eyes lit up when she saw me enter the kitchen. She left the table she was setting and came to hug me. “Jayden told me you did so well, I’m so proud of you Lola”, she said as she hugged me, making a smile appear on my face.
“I prepared food already. You should go and freshen up and then come back to eat”, she smiled at me lovingly and I felt bad for making her stressed to feed me again for the second time in a row.
“I’ve made you cook for me for the second time in a row, Rose. I feel so bad for stressing you when I’m your maid and should be the one doing all of these for you”, I said to her and she glared at me.
“Nonsense! Is it not clear yet that I do not see you as a maid? You’re my daughter Lola and mothers always care for their children so shut your mouth and go shower”, she said and I felt my eyes fill up with tears.
Mother. A word I haven’t heard in eight years.
Without saying another word, I hugged her tightly as I let the waterworks leak down my cheeks. She held me without saying a word, just patting my back and allowing me to cry.
She pulled back from me after some minutes and cleaned my tears. “That’s okay for now, do not make me cry also”, she sniffled and we both burst into laughter. “You have a very nice laugh, Lola. You should laugh more often, you deserve it”. I nodded my head and turned to make my way up the stairs.
I was halfway up the stairs when she called out to me. “Oh, and dress nicely. We’re going to the pack house in a bit” she said before going into the kitchen again.
Just the perfect opportunity to see Lyla. With a bounce in my steps, I took my bath and put in a beautiful gown that hid my scars well and paired it with a cute sandal.
I ran a comb through my hair, and used stud earrings from the ones we shopped. I applied lip gloss and sprayed perfumes on my pulse points like the store attendant taught me too.
I looked in the mirror and I have to admit it myself that I look totally amazing. There’s a glow in my eyes, apart from the fact that it glows. I felt alive and had something to live for.
Jasmine yipped happily in my head, her excitement matching mine. I stopped in front of Adrian’s room as I made my way down the stairs again. My heart reached out to him but I blamed it on the mate bond. I was so close to knocking on his door before I cautioned myself. 1
He doesn’t want me nor want to have anything to do with me. The earlier I get that into my head, the better. 1
Rose, Jayden and I had breakfast together, no one speaking about the fact that Adrian wasn’t present. I volunteered to clean up after eating just so Rose could get ready faster. I couldn’t wait to see Lyla again.
I just finished placing all the dishwares in their rightful place when Rose came downstairs looking as gorgeous as usual. She kissed Jayden goodbye and I felt a pang in my heart at their show of affection.
We left the house after saying goodbye to Jayden and made our way to the pack house. As we neared the pack house I saw people making preparations for a party. Some people were hanging banners, some were hanging decorations.
I wondered what was going on but refrained from asking Rose. I’d be seeing Lyla in a minute, I’ll just ask her. Rose saw some pack members and decided to have a chat with them which gave me the opportunity to go into the pack house to see Lyla.
I went into the kitchen but she wasn’t there. I decided to go look for her in her room. Immediately I entered the hallway leading to her room, I was met with a very shocking view.
Lyla and Nathan were kissing.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 38
Lola’s POV
Lyla and Nathan were kissing.
I could not keep my surprise in and gasped loudly gaining their attention. They turned their attention to me and I felt like I was intruding on their moment so I hurriedly went back the way I came in.
“Lola”, Lyla shouted after me and I froze in place. I slowly turned around to look at her and saw her whispering harshly to Nathan who kept pouting at her.
Nathan is pouting? What a sight to see on the big bad Beta.
I giggled at the sight of Nathan pouting and acting like a kid which made them turn their attention to me. Lola glared at me and Nathan looked embarrassed so I looked away shyly.
Nathan eventually left, saying a greeting to me on his way out. “Good morning, Lola”, he said to me lightly. Someone is in a happy mood, I see.
“Good morning, Nathan”, I said softly, bowing to him as he left. He had barely gone far when Lyla pulled me by my arms and dragged me towards her room.
“Long time no see, stranger”, she said immediately we entered her room. She glared at me with her hands on her hips and I almost laughed because I knew she wasn’t even angry.
“Back at you, stranger. You knew I had no means of contacting you, you should have contacted me first”, I said to her, mirroring her pose and she looked genuinely shocked.
“Who are you and what have you done with Lola?” She asked in shock and I laughed, I actually laughed making her widen her eyes.
Yeah, I get it. It’s my first laugh since Mom and Dad passed.
“Oh my goddess”, she laughed as she rushed towards me to pull me into a hug. “I love this new you, Lola. This is so amazing “, she screamed in a high pitched voice and I had to block my ear a bit.
“Did you do something with your eyebrows?” She suddenly asked and I shook my head in negative. “Nope, I don’t even know what to do with them”, I replied her, confused.
“They look a shade lighter”, she pulled me towards her vanity mirror and made me face it, “see?” And she was right. While it wasn’t really noticeable, my brows were not completely black either.
It must be one of the changes I’ve been noticing recently, I made a mental note to ask Jasmine if she had seen any recent changes too. I contemplated telling Lyla about the changes I’ve been seeing recently and what happened with Adrian but decided against it. There were pressing matters to attend to.
“So you and Nathan, huh?” I turned to face her and she was already blushing. “What’s going on between you two, I thought you hated his guts?” I asked and she looked everywhere but at me and that was when it clicked.
“HE’S YOUR MATE!!!” I screamed and she nodded at me before giggling. “Yeah, he’s my mate Lola. You can stop shouting now”, she laughed and I struggled to pick my jaw from the ground.
“I don’t understand, you hated him, no? How did you both get paired together? I know he liked you but you hated his guts “, I said as I sat beside her on the bed.
“It’s barely been a week since you’ve been here and you knew he liked me too? Was I the only one oblivious to that fact”, she asked and I nodded. It was so obvious Nathan liked her, even the blind could see that.
“I liked him too. I told him once when I was 14 and he was 21 and he told me he saw me as a younger sister and nothing more so I turned to anger to show him I did not care about him”, she said and I was shocked.
“Nobody would have believed that, you hid it so well”, I giggled, earning a giggle from her too.
“So, what party is going on today? I saw people making preparations for a party as I entered the pack house”, I asked as I got comfortable on the bed.
Lyla got up and did a curtsy before me, making me wonder what was going on with her.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 39
“Yours truly turned 18. It’s a tradition for the pack to throw a coming of age ceremony for every wolf, that way, you get to find your mate in the pack or start preparing for a journey outside of the pack to find them as soon as possible”,
“IT’S YOUR BIRTHDAY?” I screamed for the second time that day and Lola just laughed at my expression. “Yes it’s my birthday and I never would have thought that you had such lungs on you. This is the second time you’re screaming in the span of 20 minutes”.
“We were together day before yesterday and you did not tell me anything about it being your birthday, I’d have gotten you a gift.”, I pouted.
“This is more than enough gift, Lola. It’s good to see you feeling comfortable around me”, she hugged me and I stiffened a bit before hugging her back. I still wasn’t used to touch.
“Sooooooo, we’re getting dolled up and dressed up tonight”, I was about to when she held up her index finger to silence me, “you’re not ing, it’s a good way to incorporate you into the pack and have you meet more people”.
“But what if I don’t get accepted by people? What if they call me a freak because of my hair and glowing eyes? I don’t think I want to meet new people, Lyla. You’re enough for me”, I said, trying to butter her up but she wasn’t having any of it.
“I know I am the best but you can’t stick with me everytime, sweetheart”, she said. Seeing that she wasn’t going to budge, I tried another method.
“I did not buy anything fit for a party, I guess I’ll have to sit this one out”, she shook her head at me in amusement ad I knew that wasn’t going to work either. “I knew you were going to say that but I was born prepared. I saw something that I thought would fit you so I bought it the last time we went shopping”, she skipped towards her closet and came back later with black clothings in hand.
“Go on, try it on”, she urged. I took the fabric into my hands and it felt heavenly. It was a silk two piece clothes. The too was a corset with black net covering the neck and hands. The skirt was a ruffled floor length skirt with a snatched waist that fits perfectly with the end of the corset top and a slit that reached mid-thigh. I was reluctant to wear it because I did not want to showcase too much but Lyla convinced me to wear it.
Lyla gasped when I emerged from the bathroom and I was slightly embarrassed. I walked towards the floor length mirror in her room and gasped when I saw my reflection. The clothes were a perfect fit and unless I decided to showcase my legs, they were not visible and my scars were concealed.
I smiled happily at my reflection and looked to see Lyla still opening and closing her mouth like a fish out of water.
“Oh my goddess, you look like a goddess, Lola”, she gushed over me and I became red from embarrassment. “Yup, you’re definitely wearing that and making a statement”, she clapped happily.
The gathering was supposed to start by 7 so we started getting ready once it was 4 in the evening. Lyla did my makeup and left my hair the way it was.
She was clad in a green floor length gown with cow-neck showing off her milky skin. She looked breath-taking and amazing. We walked out together hand-in hand, my nerves getting the best of me. 1
The pack house was filled to the brim and swarming with people. I felt nervous but Lyla squeezed my hand to assure me that she was with me every step of the way.
We walked into the garden decorated especially for the occasion. “You’re doing good Lola. You look breath-taking too”, she smiled at me as we moved farther into the garden.
No sooner had she said those words when I locked eyes with Adrian. I felt like all the wind was knocked out of my lungs as I took him in.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 40
Adrian’s POV
It was already a day after what happened with Fay and Daxon still wasn’t talking to me. It wasn’t like he was gone, I could feel him in my head, I could feel his presence with me but his petty ass wouldn’t speak to me.
Mom and Dad were not speaking to me either, I was an outcast in my own house and I could not even blame anyone but myself
I was awake early and I listened for any movements from Lola’s room as I discovered that she was awake too. I wondered what she was thinking about that made her lose her sleep.
She seemed to be excited about something and I almost went to her room to ask her what was happening with her. I wanted to know everything about her. I wanted to be the one she could easily open up to about everything but I lost that opportunity.
I remembered the scars I saw on her body and felt anger surged through me again. I wanted to know the history behind every scar and make the people who did that to her, pay. 1
I heard footsteps echoing in the hallways and smelt Dad going towards Lola’s room. I sat up abruptly and listened carefully to what was going on.
Apparently, Lola wants to start training and dad was helping her out. It was only then that I relaxed. I realized what I had thought towards dad and was mortified over the way I thought towards him. I’ve been alive for 25 years and I’ve never heard that of him, why am I suddenly being so overprotective of Lola?
I rubbed the bridge of my nose with my fingers and decided to go back to sleep. I was losing it and it wasn’t helping that Daxon was being a petty bitch.
I woke up when I heard light footsteps patter down the hallway. The scent told me it was Lola and she seemed pretty excited. I could hear her showering and my perverted mind couldn’t help but wonder what she’ll look like under me and how much her moans of pleasure will be a source of pleasure to me.
About 30 minutes later, I heard her door open and she left her room. Her steps stopped in front of me for a while and I could hear her heart beating crazily. I wanted nothing more than her knocking on the door so I can have her in my arms and apologize for my wrong deeds.
She eventually went on her way without knocking on the door and I felt so disappointed. I could not even go down for breakfast because I was ashamed to face Lola or my parents.
“Hey man. You good?”, Nathan’s voice rang through the mindlink and I’ve never been so happy to have someone speak to me. The loneliness was starting to get to me.
“Nathan. I’m fine, bro. What’s up”, I said, trying to keep the excitement out of my voice. He did not seem to notice as he carried on.
“Will you be at the pack house today?” He asked and I was confused. Why do I need to be at the pack house? I can’t remember any event happening at the pack house.
“Why should I be at the pack house? Am I missing something?” I asked and I could tell he facepalmed the way he always does whenever I forget something I’m meant to remember.
“It’s Lyla’s coming of age ceremony and it was organized by the Luna. How come you have no idea? Is everything okay? You sound out of it too”, I sighed when he asked his questions but didn’t give him an answer to it anyways.
He dropped the matter and I sighed before going downstairs to eat. The living room was empty but I could smell Dad in the house which meant only Lola and Mom went out and they could only go to one place. The packhouse.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 41
I hurriedly ate my food so I could get ready to go to the packhouse. It was only an excuse to see Lola, knowing fully well that Lyla is her only friend and she would be in public with her all through the ceremony.
I was just getting out of the shower when Nathan’s voice sounded in my head loudly, in excitement.
“I found my mate, bro”, he shouted excitedly in my head and I broke into a smile.
“That’s really cool, man. I’m so excited for you”, I replied to him in excitement too. I was really excited for him. We’re both 25 and he’s been looking for his mate for a while.
I was confused about a thing though, he’s always been in the pack, how did he just find his mate today? It clicked in my head.
“Lyla is your mate, isn’t she?” I asked and he eagerly answered. “Yeah, she is. How did you know though?” He laughed into the mindlink.
“It doesn’t take a genius to figure it out, man. You’ve always been in the pack and now you got your mate the same day she turned 18”. It was pretty obvious to be honest.
I was very happy for him. He’d always been in love with Lola since we were teenagers but he hid it because he wanted to find his mate. He did not want to lead her on or have her believe that they could be together. I was so happy it turned out well for him. 4
“I’d see you at the pack house later”, I said before I closed the mindlink. I settled in what to wear but decided to wait in the house till it was almost time for the ceremony. It will be awkward to be around Mom.
I left the house in the evening around 5:30 pm. The packhouse looked beautifully decorated but amidst all, all I was searching for was the blue eyed beauty that lived rent free in my head.
It was soon time and the whole packhouse was swarming with people but I did not see whom I was looking for. I entered the garden where the ceremony was to take place and Daxon started stirring inside me.
“What’s wrong, Dax? Is something going on?” I asked and he said just one word, “Mate”. No sooner had he spoken when I locked eyes with the most beautiful lady I’ve ever seen.
She looked drop dead gorgeous and the black gown did not do justice to her beauty enough. I felt my heart beating rapidly in my chest but that wasn’t what amazed me.
For the first time since we met, I felt connected to her wolf. Her eyes widened too as she seemed to feel it too. Lyla was talking to her but she seemed to be stuck in one place.
I made a move to go towards her when Fay stepped in front of me, making me lose eye contact with her for a moment.
I felt Daxon growl in my head at being interrupted from going to his mate. “What the fuck do you want, Fay”, i growled at her. She seemed to be scared for a moment before she smiled at me seductively.
“You did not call me since you left yesterday morning, Adrian. I was waiting for you”, she purred as she placed her hands on my chest.
I felt rage running through my veins and resisted the urge to snap her fucking neck. I felt my eyes change colors, partly giving Daxon control.
“Get your filthy hands off my body and know your place, pup”, I growled at her and she moved back in fear before scurrying away from me.
I looked up, searching for Lola but she was nowhere to be found. I wanted to feel more of what I felt when our eyes met.
I’m going to work to get her, I promised myself.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 42
Lola’s POV
I looked away and tugged on Lyla’s hand so we could move away from Adrian’s sight. Of course, he wasn’t going to choose me, what was I thinking?
It just happened for a moment that Jasmine felt connected to his wolf and I happened to be affected too. He was quick to lose focus when that gorgeous woman stepped in front of him.
“Hey, hey, what’s the matter? Where are you dragging me to? And might I add that you’re adding a lot of pressure onto my wrist? It’s going to leave marks, if you don’t stop digging your fingers into my skin”,
“, Lyla lamented and that was when I realized that I was just moving without direction. I dropped her hands quickly and apologized.
“Were you trying to avoid someone? Did something happen?” She looked around, trying to find the source of my bizarre behavior and her eyes hardened when she saw Adrian and the said woman together.
“That bitch!” She seethed. “She seriously needs to learn how to stay away from people’s mates”. I tugged on her arm to gain her attention.
“Let’s just get away from them, please. She can’t force herself on men if they did not give her attention. And besides, she’s drop dead gorgeous. ! wouldn’t pick me over her either”, I gave her a small smile and her eyes clouded with sadness.
She made a move to argue but I shushed her. “It’s your day by the way, it should be enjoyed to the fullest. Not wasted over an argument that is pointless. Adrian chose her and that’s it, I can’t force myself on him, you know?” I said.
She looked like she was going to argue but dropped it after I pleaded with her with my eyes. She held my hand and led me towards a group of people chatting away happily.
I felt my palms sweating with nervousness as we moved towards the group of people. What if they think I’m a freak and cast me aside like my old pack? What if they think I’m not good enough? A lot of thoughts were running through my mind and I could feel myself start to hyperventilate.
Lyla noticed this and came to a stop. “I can feel the gears turning in your head, Lola. Just relax and go with the flow. They’re amazing people and anyone that messes with you will have me to deal with”, she said to me in assurance and I felt slightly better knowing that there was at least one person that will”Let’s just get away from them, please. She can’t force herself on men if they did not give her attention. And besides, she’s drop dead gorgeous. ! wouldn’t pick me over her either”, I gave her a small smile and her eyes clouded with sadness.
She made a move to argue but I shushed her. “It’s your day by the way, it should be enjoyed to the fullest. Not wasted over an argument that is pointless. Adrian chose her and that’s it, I can’t force myself on him, you know?” I said.
She looked like she was going to argue but dropped it after I pleaded with her with my eyes. She held my hand and led me towards a group of people chatting away happily.
I felt my palms sweating with nervousness as we moved towards the group of people. What if they think I’m a freak and cast me aside like my old pack? What if they think I’m not good enough? A lot of thoughts were running through my mind and I could feel myself start to hyperventilate.
Lyla noticed this and came to a stop. “I can feel the gears turning in your head, Lola. Just relax and go with the flow. They’re amazing people and anyone that messes with you will have me to deal with”, she said to me in assurance and I felt slightly better knowing that there was at least one person that willstand up for me no matter what.
I gave her a smile and we continued over to the group of four people. “Look at who finally decided to show up”, a blonde girl who noticed us first spoke up, making us gain the attention of others.
“It’s my birthday, I’m allowed to take all the time in the world, no?” Lyla replied jokingly with her head held high in a royalty pose. “Of course, princess.
You’re allowed to take all the time in the world, it s your day afterall. Thank you for gracing us with your presence”
“, the female brunette in the group said as
she bowed with mock courtesy and they all burst out laughing.
“And who’s the gorgeous lady with you, a black haired guy spoke up. “Lola here is our newest pack member. She’s drop dead gorgeous, no?” She said and they all nodded in agreement and smiled at me warmly. I returned it with a smile of my own and was relieved they did not cast me aside.
“Since Lyla isn’t going to introduce us to you, I might as well do the honors”, a guy with dyed blue hair spoke up before glaring at Lyla who just smiled at him.
“I am Alex, this is Avianca”, he said, pointing to the brunette in the group, who smiled at me warmly and I returned it, “This is Greg”, he pointed to the black haired guy who waved at me, “and lastly, Lotana”, he pointed to the blonde who gave me a large smile.
“It’s nice to meet all of you, I’m Lola”, I smiled at them too. “Oh my gosh, did you dye your hair? I love the color so much. I’ve been eyeing it since you got here. It looks so good and your eyes, oh your eyes.
She’s gorgeous, Lyla”
“, Lotana gushed and I became red before saying ‘thank you’.
“I know, right? She’s definitely a keeper. And I see Lyla all over her dress, she picked it, no?” Avianca asked and I nodded before looking over to Lyla who had a proud look in her eyes.
“It’s almost time for my ceremony to start. You guys take care of Lola for me, I’ll be back before you know it”, she said hurriedly before heading towards the stage where Alpha Jayden, Luna Rose and some other elderly people of the pack were gathered.
She looked gorgeous and shone brighter than anyone under the moonlight. The ceremony started but I wasn’t really paying attention, my mind was occupied by a certain man who was standing next to Nathan beside the stage. His eyes were on me all night and I could not understand why. I cleared my throat and decided that I needed to take a sip of water.
“Where can I get water? I’m so thirsty”, I asked Lotana and she pointed towards a makeshift bar with all manners of drinks displayed on it. I picked a bottle of water and gulped half of it, feeling refreshed. Why do I feel so hot tonight?
I felt a presence beside me but l ignored it. Anyone could come here to get a drink. I was about to go back to the group when a voice stopped me.
“Lola, yeah?” I looked towards the owner of the voice and saw the woman from earlier beside me. She smiled at me but it did not make me feel safe, in fact, it scared me.
“I’d suggest you reject Adrian and leave him alone.
He’s never going to love you anyway. No one is ever going to love you, freak” , she smiled at me sinisterly
before she left.
I was in shock after she left and just couldn’t believe my eyes nor ears. The only thought on my mind was, what the heck was that?
***
**
Unknown’s POV
My phone buzzed with a message and I reached for it quickly. I smiled when I saw a picture of my gorgeous angel on my screen. She looked effortlessly beautiful and amazing and I felt my dick stir in my pants as I took in her picture.
I reached for my dick and slowly rubbed it to the picture of the angel before me. It wasn’t long before I spilled my seed on my stomach.
If she could make me feel so good with a picture, I’m going to have so much fun with her body. I closed my eyes and anticipated the time l’d get to keep her to myself. I just need her to unlock her full potential, then she’d be nine. 2
Soon, angel. Very soon, I’m going to have you to myself and myself alone, I thought as I drifted off to sleep.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 43
Adrian’s POV
She was gone from my presence before I could send Fay away. I tried searching for her when another figure showed up in front of me. I closed my eyes and sent a silent prayer to the Moon goddess to give me the strength to not break someone’s neck today.
I opened my eyes only to see Nathan in front of me grinning wildly. Must be nice to have someone you’ve always wanted as a mate as your mate.
He noticed that I wasn’t mirroring his excitement and his smile disappeared and was replaced by a frown. “Who pissed in your cereal? You look like you’re about to go on a killing spree”, he observed and I took a deep sigh.
He wasn’t the reason I lost sight of Lola,I did not need to take out my frustrations on him.
“I was just disturbed by something, I’m fine. Where’s your precious mate and why are you not with her?” I asked him. If I saw Lyla, I’d see Lola too. She’s her only friend and they tend to be together.
“Oh, she’s with some group of friends. And I can’t hover around her everytime, she doesn’t like it”, he grinned and I shook my head at him. He’s far gone in love and nothing can pull him out of it.
I want to feel that with Lola too but I fucked things up royally.
“And besides, she’s making Lola make new friends and see new people”, he added and I think I got a whiplash from looking at him so fast.
“Are there guys in the group of people she’s meeting with?” I asked, trying to keep the jealousy out of my voice and keep Daxon at bay.
He nodded his head and a low growl escaped my lips. Nathan started laughing, the motherfucker actually laughed. I looked at him quizzically but he kept on laughing.
“Dude, you should have seen your face when I mentioned another guy. If you care about her so much, why don’t you make the first move on her and accept her as your mate instead of making the two of you suffer unnecessarily?” He asked. I wanted to tell him how I fucked up but I knew how bad Nathan frowned upon that particular act and I felt ashamed to speak to him about it.
I just shrugged my shoulders and kept looking around for Lola. I eventually spotted her at the far end of the garden, talking to a group of four people with Lyla beside her. She seemed fine and happy and she would sometimes laugh with them.
I wanted her to be that relaxed with me too but she seems to freeze anytime I get close to her.
“You made us lose that opportunity, dude. You don’t have the right to complain about not being close to her”, Daxon said in my head.
He was right. I did make us lose that opportunity so I better suck it up. Lyla soon left the group she was with to go to the prepared stage for her coming of age ceremony. Nathan moved to stand beside the stage and I followed after him. He was the future Beta and her mate after all and I also had to stand there as the future Alpha.
As the ceremony went on, I could only focus on Lola. She looked breath-taking and no one held a candle to her. Her hair seemed to shine brighter than it normally would.
She soon excused herself and went to get something to drink. I saw Fay going towards her and resisted the urge to leave where I was and snap her neck. I wouldn’t hesitate to snap her neck if she laid a finger on Lola.
She got to where Lola was and I could see her saying something to her. A low growl left my lips and Nathan looked over to me.
“What the fuck has got your panties in a twist now? Can you please concentrate on the matter at hand?” He whispered harshly to me and I snarled at him, making him flinch.
How could he tell me to relax when the devil herself was going towards my mate. Not a lot of people know Fay’s true character because she acts all sweet and charming. Deep down, she’s a power hungry bitch and would do anything to get her way.
“I’d be damned if I let that bitch hurt mate. If it means tearing through your skin and taking control, I’d do it”, Daxon growled angrily in my head.
He was right. I couldn’t let anything else happen to Lola. She had already been through a lot if her scars and behavior around people were anything to judge by.
Ignoring the look people gave me and Nathan’s warning, I stormed over to where Fay was talking to a confused Lola. Fay left where Lola was standing when she saw me coming.
Of course, the bitch knows what she’s doing.
Lola looked more confused after Fay left. I got to where she was and she did not even notice I was standing in front of her till I called out to her.
“Lola?” I said gently. She shook her head and focused her eyes on me, widening her eyes when she realized who I was. “I was just getting water to drink, I wasn’t doing anything I promised”, she rushed out and seemed scared of me.
My heart broke to see that she thought I might hurt her. I had not been a good mate, I know, but I wasn’t going to inflict physical pain on her. I decided to ignore that and ask about Fay.
“What did Fay say to you?” I asked her. “Fay?” She asked in a small, confused voice. Of course, she doesn’t know her name. What was I thinking?
“The woman that left just now. What did she say to you?” I asked again. “Oh, it was nothing. She just gave me advice, that’s all “, she said, looking anywhere but my side. I did not need to listen to her heartbeat to know that she was lying.
“I asked you a question and I demand an honest answer, Lola “‘, I said with more authority. I did not want to scare her but I needed to know what Fay said to her.
“S-she told me t-to le-leave you al-1-lone”, she stammered out and I felt rage take over my body. Without saying another word, I stormed off and went in the direction I saw Fay went.
Who does she think she is to say such to my mate after I had warned her?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 44
Lola’s POV
What was I expecting? I sighed and looked around to see a few people still looking at me. Some were looking at me with pity, some with curiosity and I got a few hate glares too.
I shook it off and walked towards Avianca and the rest of the group. They were looking at me with curiosity too, I just pasted a smile on my face and tried not to trip over my legs as I walked towards them.
“What was that, girl?” Alex was the first one to ask when I reached where they were standing. “What was what?” I feigned curiosity but they were not buying it.
“That that just happened, durhhhhhh. Why was the future Alpha talking to you? He rarely talks to anyone in the pack”, Avianca added and I tried to come up with lies but couldn’t find any.
I was about to talk when Greg spoke up. “Nathan is Lyla’s mate?” He said and everybody’s head whipped to the stage so fast I almost laughed. It’s funny how people lose interest fast.
Loud claps and cheers erupted in the crowd as Nathan and Lyla kissed passionately. I felt jealous for a moment but I quickly got over it. Lyla has been nothing but nice to me since I got here, I shouldn’t be jealous she has someone that loves her because I got rejected twice.
I felt eyes on me and looked up to see Greg looking at me. I sent him a grateful smile and he nodded in response. He knew what the relationship between Adrian and I was and that’s why he took the attention of the other people in the group away from me.
Lyla came rushing towards us and held my hands immediately she got to me, she must have seen what happened from the stage.
“Lola and I have something to do right now. How about we meet up with you guys for a group lunch tomorrow or the day after it? We really have to go now”, she hurriedly said and I looked at her in confusion.
We had something to do? How come I wasn’t informed? I was about to question her when she gave me a look that said ‘shut up
“Of course we can meet again some other time. You can go now”, Greg was the one who spoke. We said a hurried goodbye before we left the group and went towards the pack house.
“We have something to do? How do I not know about it?” I asked her as we moved towards the pack house. She stopped abruptly, making me almost trip.
“Of course we do not have plans, Lola. It was just to get you away from there, you looked uncomfortable” she said and I looked down at my hands.
Of course she noticed everything from the stage.
“You saw everything from the stage?” I asked her sheepishly. “Yes, I saw everything. Am I the only one you can raise your voice at? You should have told the bitch off when she said whatever she said. It must have been something about Adrian, I saw the way your face looked pained after she left”, she rushed out. I could feel the anger in her words and I wondered who the anger was directed at.
“What exactly was I supposed to say to her, Lyla? She told me to leave Adrian alone because he would never love me”, I said, my voice cracking. “And she was right. When I told Adrian what she said, he just left without saying anything. Is that whom I was supposed to fight for?” I asked with tears in my eyes and Lyla’s eyes softened.
She was about to talk when she stopped. “Let’s leave here first, there are lots of people around”, she dragged me into her room.
“Are you not supposed to be with your mate right now?” I asked, partly because I did not want to have any conversation regarding Adrian and partly because she was actually supposed to be with her mate.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 45
“He went to look for Adrian and I had to get you out of that conversation earlier. Do not try to change the topic”, she glared at
me.
“I should go home, Lyla. I have training with Jayden in the morning. I just started,I don’t want to miss out on it nor slack”, I changed the conversation. I did not want to talk about Adrian, he did not choose me so I’m not going to be bothered about him.
Thankfully, Lyla dropped the matter when my words caught her attention. “You started training with Jayden? You’re so luckyyyyyy, he’s the best fighter and trainer in the whole of the werewolf world. He’s not the Alpha King for nothing” she gushed and I sighed in relief at the change of subject.
“Yeah, I know I got lucky”, I laughed, “that’s why I shouldn’t slack so I won’t get punished by my trainer. I’d get going now Lyla, it’s late already”, I said but she stopped me.
“I’ll have Nathan drop you off at the house, it’s already late and I don’t want any harm to come to you”, she said but I disagreed. I did not want to keep her away from her mate any longer.
“I can walk the short distance just fine, Lyla. I promise you that I’m fine and can handle myself. And besides, no one cares about me enough to hurt me in this pack”, I argued. Seeing that I wasn’t going to back down, she nodded her head and offered to see me out.
We were barely outside when we met Greg, who was coming into the pack house. I was going to avoid him but Lyla dragged us towards him.
“Gregggggggg, you’re heading in already?” Lyla asked a very obvious question and he nodded his head. I’ve noticed that he wasn’t a guy of many words which is very good.
“Can you see Lola home for me?” She asked and we both looked at her in shock at the same time. “I’ve told you I can get to the house back just fine”, I said to Lyla and she rolled her eyes. “Please, I don’t want to be a bother. You don’t have to listen to her “‘, I said to Greg. 2
“I’ll see her home, it’s not a bother at all”, he turned towards Lyla who clapped happily at that. “Now, I can go to my mate in peace”, she said before hugging me and skipping off leaving Greg and I alone.
“Shall we?” Greg said after a moment of silence and I nodded my head as we proceeded out of the pack house. The entire walk home was silent and awkward.
We were almost at the house when he spoke up. “So you’re Adrian’s mate?” I wasn’t even shocked by the question. I knew that he knew already, he lived in the pack house after all.
“Yeah, I’m his mate”, I said softly. “Fay lied. You’re not a freak and you’re definitely worthy of love, any man would be lucky to have you as a mate”, he said and I opened my mouth in shock.
How did he hear what Fay said?
“How did you hear what Fay said? The distance was pretty far apart”, I asked in awe. “We’re at your house already. See you at the group lunch tomorrow or next tomorrow, Lola. Have a good night”. With that, he walked away speedily and I whispered my reply into the night.
I entered the house to find Adrian seated in the couch, fucking with anger. I ignored him and the mate pull and made my way to my room.
There’s only one way I can be happy in this pack. Moving on from Adrian and becoming a strong warrior, and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 46
Adrian’s POV
I went in search of Fay immediately I left Lola. I was blinded by rage at her insolence. I clearly told her to stay away from Lola and she had the guts to go back and say shit to her?
I spotted her in a group of people and walked over to her. I grabbed her arm and pulled her away from the group towards a slightly deserted corner of the pack house.
“What did I tell you about Lola?” I barked in her face and she seemed unfazed. It was almost like she did it to lure me to her. She smiled lazily at me and I felt Daxon trying to take control.
She must have noticed the incessant change in my eye color because she trembled slightly and bowed to her. Daxon is an Alpha wolf and doesn’t care for anyone except his mate so she knew she’d be torn to shreds if I allowed him to take control.
“You chose me first, Adrian. I’m supposed to be your Luna, not some low….”, I growled at her at her choice of words and she quickly changed what she was going to say, “not that girl”.
“Know your place, Fay. Know your place or I wouldn’t hesitate to tear you apart if you try to humiliate or intimidate my mate “, I snarled at her and she took a couple steps back.
“You already humiliated her when you slept with”, she said under her breath but I heard it. “What did you just say?” I dared her to say it again but she did not. I thought as much.
I was about to leave when she held onto me and hugged me. “You chose me first, Adrian”, she said in a sad voice and sniffled a little but I knew it was all a show.
I pulled her away from my skin and made her look into my eyes. “You were a replacement for when I finally found my mate, get that into your head. I’ve found her now so you should step back”, I said to her harshly and turned around to leave.
“I’ll make sure I become your Luna, Adrian. No one is going to love you the way I do, not even that freak”, she shouted after me but I ignored her. She’s a psycho with some loose screws, I wasn’t going to let her pull me down with her.
“She doesn’t even love you nor feel the mate bond with you. She did not bat an eye when I told her to leave you for me. A real woman would have fought for her mate but she just stood there like she did not even hear me. No one would ever love you like I do, get that into your head Adrian”, she kept screaming as I left but I ignored her.
I kept thinking about Fay’s words as I went towards my home. Did she really not care about me? Was I the only one affected by the mate bond? But she was in pain when I was with another woman, that counts for something right?
I was disturbed and lost in thought till I got home. I had just entered the living room when I felt someone prodding at my mindlink. I let down my wall and Nathan’s voice came through.
“Where are you, man?” His voice rang through the mindlink and I almost facepalmed. I had forgotten that it was his mate’s coming of age ceremony and most people must be wondering where the future Alpha ran off to.
“I’m at home. Something urgent came up so I had to leave early. I’m sorry, I should have been there as your Alpha and bestfriend”, I sighed through the mindlink.
“I know there’s something bothering you and you can’t deny that. I was waiting for you to find the right time to let me in on it but not anymore. What did you do, Adrian? Spill”, he said through the mindlink.
“I think it’s better we talk about this when we see each other”, I said. I wanted to escape the conversation by any means but he refused. He already knew I was going to find a way to escape it.
“I think we should talk about it now. Something happened and you’ve been avoiding the topic. I also noticed Rose nor Jayden were happy with you today. What exactly did you do, Adrian?” He asked and I sighed. I hate the fact that he knows me so well but I also needed someone to tell me how to move forward with her.
“I fucked up, Nathan. I had sex with Fay just 2 nights ago after the whole pack house fiasco with Lola. I was angry and wasn’t thinking straight so I went to see Fay and took out my anger on her”, I breathed out. Nathan remained silent so I continued.
“She was in pain the whole time I spent with Fay. Mother said she barely made it through the night and I apparently did what her former mate had done to her”, I finished and waited for Nathan to say something but it was all quiet. I knew he could hear me though because I could still feel his presence in my head.
“I don’t know what to say, Adrian. You know fully well that she’d gone through something. You were there when she had a panic attack because of that mutt from her former pack. I told you repeatedly that she was fragile and should be handled with care and you did what” I couldn’t say anything to the questions he asked.
I was warned over and over but I kept ignoring it. Now, I have Fay to deal with and I also had to win Lola’s heart.
“What do I do, Nathan. Fay keeps trying to get with me and Lola doesn’t seem to want to have anything to do with me. I don’t think she cares enough about me”, I said while I sat on the couch with my head in my hands.
I was slowly losing it and it’s only a matter of time before Daxon loses it.
“I’ll suggest you actually give her time to realize that you both need each other. You should also be nice to her and show her that you want to be with her if she’d have you. She’s your mate after all and she must feel the mate bond too”, he said.
I was about to answer him when I smelled her faintly and heard voices outside the house. “She’s here now. I’ll talk to you later, man. Congratulations on finally getting your mate and thanks for the advice”.
“Anytime, buddy”, he said and the mindlink went silent.
I walked towards the curtain overlooking the front side of the house and saw Lola there with a guy her age. The guy left shortly after and I went to sit on the couch hurriedly before Lola could reach the front door.
She walked in and saw me sitting on the couch but walked up the stairs like I wasn’t sitting there. As I watched her leave for her room, Fay’s words kept ringing in my head.
I shook my head to clear my head. This is my mess and I will definitely find a way to clear it.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 47
Lola’s POV
The next morning I woke up late and ran down in a rush just to see Rose and Jayden being cozy and comfortable on the living room couch. They both looked up as I rushed into the living room breathing heavily.
“Wow, wow, calm down Lola. What’s the rush?” Rose laughed as soon as she saw me. I stopped to catch my breath as they both laughed at my expense.
“I thought I was late for training”, I managed to squeeze out in between breaths. Rose looked at Jayden and looked back at me. “I’m so sorry, Lola. I told Jayden to give you a break for today because Lyla told me you’d be hanging out with a group of friends later today. I did not know he did not inform you otherwise”, she said to me apologetically.
“She even came down with her shirt turned inside out”, she said as she glared at Jayden and that was when I realized that I was indeed wearing my shirt inside out. “I did not even realize”, I muttered and they both burst out laughing.
was about to turn towards the stairs to get changed when Rose stopped me. “Oh, I almost forgot, Lola. I ordered a phone for you to aid communication with Lyla, and now your new friends, since you don’t have access to the mindlink yet. And it came yesterday while we were at the pack house*, she said and I nodded excitedly on the spot I stood on.
“I’ll get it and bring it to your room now. It has my number, Jayden’s, Lyla’s, Nathan’s and of course”, she paused and looked at my face intently before she said the last one, “Adrian’s”. At the mention of his name, my heart skipped a beat and my excitement went down a notch but I tried to keep it out of my face.
“Oh” was all I could say as I nodded my head. After that, I turned and left for my room. I had barely removed all my clothes when a knock sounded on the door. I knew it was Rose so I did no bother asking who it was before I opened the door after putting on my bathrobe.
I was shocked when I came face to face with Adrian. He looked sinfully gorgeous and I felt my breath hitch in my throat. I instinctively went to my bathrobe, pulling it securely around myself.
He cleared his throat and pushed a box towards me. “Mom said I should give this to you”, he said and then rubbed the back of his neck nervously.
“Oh, thank you”, I replied in a small voice. “She said Lyla might call you soon, she already texted her with your number”, he said and I nodded again.
Was that all?
He looked like he wanted to say something more before she decided against it and left hurriedly. I was confused for a moment. Was he just nervous before me? It must have been something else. I shook off the matter and closed my door before holding out the device in the box.
I know what a phone is. I’ve seen it in my former pack but I never knew how to operate one because I never had access to it. It felt so light and shiny and I fell in love with it immediately. I tried turning it on but I couldn’t do so. I let it be on my vanity mirror before I went into the bathroom to bathe and do my business.
I took a while in the bathroom. I was about to wrap my towel around my body when I noticed that the silver tattoo on my chest was already getting more visible. I did not really pay attention to it and left the bathroom
I was picking my outfit for the day when a shrill sound came from my vanity desk. I was so frightened I crawled under the bed for a while till the sound stopped. After it stopped, I wasn’t sure if whatever the sound was was still in my room so I stayed under the bed, fidgeting.
It wasn’t until I heard a knock filled by Lyla’s voice that I left my hideout. I ran over to the door, opened it quickly and dragged Lyla with me to hide again.
She did not hide under the bed with me and looked at me confused. “Get in here, Lyla”, I whisper-shouted but she looked at me like I had lost it.
“Why? What are we hiding from, Lola?” She whispered back. “A shrill sound came from my vanity table. I don’t know what it was but it might be back again to attack us.
She stood up, ignoring how I called after her in a hushed voice and went towards my vanity desk. I crawled out of the bed just enough to watch her every movement.
She got to the vanity table and looked back at me with a smile on her face. I wondered what was funny. “Did you say the sound came from your vanity table?” She asked and I nodded my head vigorously. She laughed lightly before she turned towards the vanity table again.
Soon enough, the shrill sound came on again and I instantly went into hiding, only getting up when I heard Lyla laughing uncontrollably. She became even more hysterical with her laughter when she saw my confused face.
I waited for her to stop laughing before I asked her what happened. “The shrill sound came from the phone, Lola. I was the one who called you initially before Rose let me in”, she said and I felt so embarrassed.
“Oh, I had no idea”, I muttered as I walked towards my closet to pick some clothes. Lola must have noticed my mood because she came towards me and held my hands. 2
“I’m sorry if I made you feel embarrassed, I should have been more sensitive”, she pleaded and I nodded. She picked out my outfit which consisted of a black skinny jean, cute, mint green top and a black slip on to go with it. She excused me after picking the outfit and I hurriedly put on my clothes so I won’t keep her waiting.
I met Lyla in the living room talking animatedly with Rose. Those two can talk your ears off if care is not taken. I cleared my throat to gain their attention. Lyla was smiling at me when her smile was suddenly replaced by a frown, the frown was directed to someone behind me.
I smelled him before he reached the living room threshold. “We should go, girl. Greg and the rest of the gang can’t wait to see you again”, she said, putting emphasis on Greg.
Bidding farewell to Rose, she pulled me out of the house. Just before the door closed, I saw Adrian’s handsome face contoured with anger and jealousy?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 48
Lola’s POV
“He definitely feels the mate bond and wants to be with you too”, she laughed as we neared the car that I just noticed was parked in front of the house.
“Huh?” I asked. I wasn’t really paying attention to what she was saying. My attention was on the handsome man I left behind. What was that expression on his face? It couldn’t have been jealousy, I must have seen wrong.
“I said Adrian likes you too and feels the mate bond. You should have seen his face when I mentioned Greg”, she said as she doubled over with laughter, letting go of my hand in the process.
“You think so?” I asked her, my heart skipping a beat in anticipation. “I think? I know that he feels the mate bond too, Lola. You should have seen his face when I mentioned Greg. I believe he wants to be with you too but he’s feeling reluctant about it.
I went mute as we entered the car. If he truly loved me, why did he have sex with Fay? Why did he not say one word of assurance when I told him what Fay did? A lot of questions ran through my head and I tried to shake it off.
I’m going to have fun today and worry about Adrian later. My goal is to work better on myself and grow beyond anyone’s imagination so until he decides to speak up and take responsibility for the relationship, I’d act like I did not see him either.
Throughout the car ride, Lyla chattered non-stop about how her first night with Nathan was, how good it felt to finally find her mate, how gentle Nathan was with her.
You do not want the full details of how she said Nathan was with her.
I tried to follow her constant chatter but my mind couldn’t help but wonder about a lot of things. I felt grateful to Rose and Jayden for taking me in and standing by me against their son. I thought about how my life had changed in the span of a week. I went from almost dying to going to have coffee with people I just met.
“Jasmine?” I called out to her. She’d been so silent since yesterday and I know Adrian is the reason. “Yes, Lola”, she said softly almost like she was sleeping and did not want to be disturbed but I know otherwise, she’s my wolf afterall.
“Thinking about Adrian?” I asked and she scoffed. “As if”, she said, making me laugh out loud. “What exactly does that she- wolf have that I do not?” she suddenly asked and I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. “So much for not thinking about him. I’m sure her wolf isn’t half as gorgeous as you are but her human side is and no one has ever seen you”, I said and I could feel her rolling her eyes at me.
“But Lyla said he likes us. Why can’t he just man up and choose us?” She questioned. Same thing I’ve been thinking, Jas, same thing.
“If he’s not going to outrightly choose us, we might as well just focus on growth, Jas. If he eventually decides to choose us, he should regret not picking us earlier”, I said and she nodded her wolfish head.
I was about to speak again when Lyla’s “we’re here” rang through the car. I looked up to see that we were at a cute ice cream shop still within the pack.
From what I saw from the car, the pack also had a big mall and beautiful places we could have shopped from the other day. “Lyla, you said the human town was the only place where we could shop the other day!” I exclaimed and she laughed. “Fine, I shouldn’t have lied because you’d have figured it out anyways but I just wanted to take you beyond the pack that day. I did not want you to come across Adrian and get your mood spoiled again”, she explained and I nodded my head.
“And I also wanted to piss Nathan off”, she said before getting out of the car. I laughed a bit before getting down after her and following her into the ice cream parlor.
We entered and she seemed to be searching for something until I heard a loud voice from a secluded seat towards the back of the room. “Lyla, Lola, over here”, we looked towards the sound to see Avianca waving at us excitedly. We waved back at her before heading towards where they were seated.
“Hi guys”, Lyla and I greeted them simultaneously before taking a seat. The one seat available after Lyla sat down was the one beside Greg. I remembered his words from last night and felt my cheeks growing hotter.
That was the first time a guy would tell me that I deserve to be picked over everyone so it was kinda huge for me. “Hey Lola”, he said gently beside me, making me look into his face. He looked gorgeous too but he wasn’t Adrian. “Hi Greg”, I said quickly and looked away from him.
“Your outfit is cute, Lola”, Lotana said, making me smile at her. “Thank you, Lyla picked it”, I sent a small smile to her and she grinned at me back.
“Now, now, shall we order for our cup of goodness? Our princesses kept us waiting and now that they’re here, let’s not waste anymore time”, Avianca said and we all agreed.
I couldn’t decide on what flavors to pick since it’s been so long I had ice cream I had forgotten what it tasted like. Lyla ordered a sundae for me with a variety of toppings. I felt bad for taking more than what others took when I’m not the one paying so Lyla ordered a sundae, which in turn made everyone order a sundae.
While we waited, I could have sworn that I smelled Adrian but I looked around and I couldn’t find him so I shrugged it off. Our ice cream soon came and we all dug into it. I could have cried from the goodness I was experiencing. It tasted so good and amazing and I happily scraped my cup.
After chatting for a while, we decided to go “bowling’. I spotted Nathan’s car as we left the ice cream parlor but I shrugged it off. Anyone could have that kind of car and since Lyla doesn’t seem to be bothered about it, I did not bother about it either.
I could not understand how they were doing it but everyone seemed to be having fun and it was all good until Greg asked me if I wanted to try too. I nodded my head and he led me towards one of the alleys.
He showed me how to position my body and I tried it, knocking half of the bottles down in one go. I was so happy I hugged Greg without thinking.
I pulled back and before I could wrap my head around what I did, Greg was on the floor with a familiar man punching the daylight out of him.
Imagine my shock when the man was finally pulled off Greg and it turned out to be Adrian.
What’s going on?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 49
Adrian’s POV
As I looked at her retreating figure, I knew I messed up my chance this time. Nathan was trying to comfort me but I knew he was just going it out of the relationship we had. I did not know what came over me, I just saw red immediately I saw her hugging him.
I could have blamed Daxon for what happened but it was all me and Daxon is very mad at me right now.
“We could have had a chance with her but you fucked it up again, human!” He bellowed in my head and I bowed my head in shame.
It all started in the morning when I heard her running like something was amiss only for me to realize that she was doi g so because she thought she had missed her practice. I was at the top of the staircase listening to everything that was said between Mom and her.
I did not like the fact that she was hanging out with the guys from yesterday. One of them was the one who saw her home yesterday and I felt my blood boiled at the thought of her hanging out around him today again.
I saw my opportunity to see her when Mom talked about bringing her new phone to her later in her room. I waited till I smelt mom before opening the door to my room.
“Mom”, I called out to her and she stopped in her tracks before turning around to face me. “Yes?” She asked with an attitude and I wondered if it was a good idea to ask her for the favour.
We haven’t really talked since the morning she slapped me and it’s been putting a strain on our relationship. I know repairing my relationship with Lola will strenghitye relationship between Mom and I too so I had to go ahead with it.
“Can I take it to her?” I asked, pointing to the box in her hands and she raised her eyebrows at me. “What do you know that I’m carrying and why do you want to take it to her?” She asked with her free hand on her hips.
“I know it’s a phone, I over heard you talking about it to her”, she cut me off mid-sentence, “you mean you were eavesdropping”, she said with a pointed glare, “and I’d really like to talk to her to at least sort things out between us”, I finished and Mom’s eyes softened a little.
“Oh, Adrian. I thought you were not going to come back to your senses. You’d better make things right with her and treat her like the queen that she is or you’ll have me to answer to”, she said as she pushed the box into my chest.
“Also tell her that she might get a call from Lyla. I already texted her new number to her”, she said before walking off.
Progress.
I tried to reign in my nerves before I walked towards her door. I admit that I’ve never been this nervous since……..well since never. Daxon was excited in my head too and he was hopping about happily.
So much for being an Alpha wolf.
What would I say to her? Will she accept me? Will I be able to make amends with her? These were my thoughts as I knocked on her door.
I took a deep breath as I heard her footsteps move towards the door. She opened her door without asking who was there, thinking it was Mom. I had closed my eyes out of nerves before she opened the door. I was so dumbfounded when I saw her in a bathrobe.
She looked equally shocked and her hands instinctively went to her bathrobe to pull it more securely around her body. She looked so innocent in her bathrobe but the thoughts that were running through my mind were not innocent at all.
Daxon wasn’t helping matters by making a very vivid description of what might be underneath her bathrobe. I blocked him out and tried to concentrate on not embarrassing myself.
Clearing my throat and my head, I pushed the box towards her. “Mom said I should give this to you”, I said, rubbing my neck nervously after she took it from me.
“Oh, thank you”, she replied in a small voice, her voice adding to the fire that was already burning in my veins. “She said Lyla might call you soon. She already texted her with your number”, I said and she nodded her head.
I wanted to say more to her but I didn’t know what to say so I turned and left, cursing myself for being such a coward.
I contemplated going back to meet her but decided against it, I did not want to disgrace myself again. I was still deciding when I heard smaller footsteps than mom’s pad through the hallways.
I listened intently and realized it was Lyla. It took a while before she finally left again, but without Lola which meant she was still in her room. I was about to go and see her when her doors opened and she came out, smelling heavenly as always.
The fact that she was going out with the same set of people I saw her with yesterday made my blood boil. The thought of her smiling at any man or being friendly with them made me see red.
I went downstairs in time to see Lyla stand up and move towards her. Lyla’s eyes and mine met and her smile got replaced with a frown almost immediately.
Knowing that it was going to get on my nerves, she talked about a Greg wanting to see her before dragging her out of the house. I saw red and wanted to go after them but refrained from doing so.
I turned towards my room and mindlinked Nathan. “Hey, man. So you know where Lyla is headed?” I asked immediately I sensed his presence in my head.
“An ice cream parlor. Why do you ask?” He asked. “Because we’re going to that same ice cream parlor. Be ready in 10 minutes, bro”, I said before closing the mindlink.
I should have stayed at home, I thought as the pack ambulance wheeled away the Greg guy. The look in her eyes was the one thing that hurt and haunted me.
She looked terrified of me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 50
Lola’s POV
I was dumbfounded as the pack medics carried Greg away. I looked towards Adrian with fear in my eyes. Would he go berserk on me too if he doesn’t like what I did? Will he go around beating people and making a bad name for me when he did not even choose me?
Even for a fact that Greg is a werewolf, he could not easily recover from his injury and the pack medics had to be called in to take care of him. That was how bad Adrian hit him.
Avianca, Lotana and Alex all looked at me differently and I couldn’t help the sigh that escaped from my mouth. Lyla was the only one who stood by me as the medics left.
“Lola, I…….” He wanted to speak up when Lyla shut him up. “This is not the time to apologize, Adrian. You shouldn’t have done it if you’d have apologized for it. Since she came into this pack, you’ve caused her nothing but pain and anguish. If you can’t fucking make her happy, at least stay the fuck away from her”, she screamed in his face before holding my hands and pulling me out of there.
I was thinking he’d have her head for speaking harshly to him but he barely reacted. Nathan stood by him but he looked like he’d rather go after his own mate. People around gave us different looks and I’m sure people who did not know I was his mate now did.
Lyla did not let go of my hand till we reached the car. She entered the car and she took a deep breath before turning towards
me.
“Are you okay, Lola?” She asked and I did not know how to answer her question. Was I okay? I nodded my head and she looked like she did not believe me.
“You can tell me how you feel, Lola. It’s okay not to be okay, don’t you know?” She said gently and that was when my tears broke and I started crying.
I wasn’t okay. I wasn’t fine at all. I wanted to scream at the top of my lungs and kick him till he’s down in pain too but I couldn’t. I wanted to be loved by my mate and meet new people that won’t regard me as a freak but my chances are ruined now. Instead I opted for a simple “I’m not okay”.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay. It’s fine, baby girl. We should go and check on Greg first, yeah?” I nodded my head at her words and tried to stop my tears from flowing readily.
By the time we got to the pack clinic, my heart was threatening to burst out of my chest from being so nervous. What if they do not want to meet me? What if they cast me aside and decide that I’m not worthy of being in their presence? My thoughts were racing miles per hour and I had to hold my hands tightly because they were shaking.
“I swear I can feel the gears turning in your head. Don’t overthink what might happen or be. I’m sure Greg doesn’t hold anything against you. And the rest of the group will eventually come to, it’s just time”, she said reassuringly before we stepped out of the car into the clinic.
We asked about Greg once we entered the clinic and because it was a pack where almost everybody knew everybody, we were easily directed to where he was.
As we got closer, we saw Avianca, Alex and Lotana coming out of the room he was in. Lotana’s eyes hardened immediately she saw me and was about to charge at me when Alexander held her back.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing by showing your face here after what you did?” She shouted and I took a step back from her. “I-I’m s-s-sorry”, I stuttered out and she gave out a fake laugh.
“Sorry? Of course, you’re sorry. You’re not the one lying on the hospital bed because your mate decided to go ballistic on my brother!!!” She shouted again.
Brother? Greg is her brother? They look nothing alike. The image of Lotana being held by Avianca and Alex sparked a memory in my head.
It was a memory of a younger me crying out for my parents and brother? I never remembered having a brother all my life. The memory was so vivid, it felt like I was witnessing it at that moment.
Lotana was still shouting at me but I couldn’t hear what she was saying. Lyla was beside me but I couldn’t hear what she was saying either. I was in that memory and I could feel myself shaking uncontrollably with tears rolling down my face.
My younger self looked so sad and beautiful and my heart couldn’t help but break for her. Everything suddenly went quiet and all I could hear was a buzzing sound in my head. Lyla’s mouth was moving but I could not make out what she was saying. What’s going on? What’s wrong with my body? Why can’t I move nor talk? I could see Lotana, Avianca and Alex run towards me too. There was panic in Lyla’s eyes and I wanted to know what made her look so afraid but I wasn’t able to.
It was like I was trapped in my own mind. I felt myself being lifted and carried to one of the hospital beds and I wanted to scream at them that I was okay but nothing was forthcoming.
I was suddenly not in the hospital room anymore. A blinding white light shone onto my face, so I closed my eyes. When I opened them, I was back in the garden where I met the moon goddess.
My scars were no longer visible and I was in a white gown like before. I was about to shout into the garden when a bright light came on in front of me. I could see the shape of a woman in a white flowing gown but I wasn’t able to see her face due to the light that shone from it.
“Welcome back again, child”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 51
Lola’s POV
“Welcome back, child”, the angelic voice from before drifted towards me and I felt a wave of calmness wash over me.
“Selene”, I greeted her. I felt her moving towards me. It wasn’t obvious that she wasn’t moving but she seemed to draw closer to me.
“Why am I here again? Why did Lyla look so scared and every other person seemed to have seen a ghost? In fact, how did I get here? I saw no Serena nor herbs in the hospital. What’s going on?” I asked her. I was really getting confused and frustrated.
“Your wolf has been connected to mine since the last time you came to this garden. You’re here because Jasmine called out to me”, she said, her voice soothing to the ears. Jasmine called out to her?
“Why did she call out to you?” I asked her curiously. We were at the hospital, how could she have called out to her. I suddenly remembered the memory that came to me while I was in the hospital.
“Was it because of the memory I saw back at the hospital?” I asked and she said “yes”. “Was that memory real? Did I really have a brother? What happened 8 years ago?” I asked rapidly and she sighed.
“I can’t answer all these questions, Lola “, she said and I wanted to scream. “You can answer all these questions, Selene! You’re the moon goddess, you know everything and nothing goes by without your prior knowledge or permission! Just tell me everything, I’m tired of being in the dark “‘, I screamed out but it all came out in a silent and calm manner.
I can’t even scream out my grievances? Oh, come on!
“I understand how you feel, Lola, but I don’t know everything. There are some things that are beyond me and it’s called fate and destiny. You’ll find out everything soon enough”, she said gently and I just wanted to scream.
“Then what happened to Mom and Dad? Are they with you? Can I see them and my brother too? Can I at least talk to them? I miss them”, I whispered the last part and a year fell from my eyes.
I really do miss them. Nothing has gone right for me since I lost them. Maybe they can tell me all that happened if I can talk to them.
“They can’t answer your questions even if you see them, Lola”, Selene said as if she had read my mind. “But why?” I needed answers and I needed them fast.
“You’ll find out soon”, she said. I was about to argue back when I felt myself falling freely like the first time. I felt myself enter my body back at the hospital and opened my eyes with a gasp.
At the sound of the gasp, feet pattered towards me and I was bombarded by questions. I felt overwhelmed by the sudden change in atmosphere and could barely make out who was who and what they were saying.
“She just woke up. You can’t keep asking her questions like that”, a familiar voice rang out with authority and everybody went silent. I was grateful for the silence and used that moment to get myself together.
When I could finally take in my surroundings, I saw Jayden, Rose and Lyla with their tear stricken faces, also Avianca and Lotana who looked so sad and guilty.
“The doctor will be here soon”, Jayden said to me and I nodded my head. No sooner had he finished speaking when a balding man in white coat came in with two nurses in tow.
“Alpha, Luna”, he bowed to Jayden and Rose when he entered. “Can everyone leave the room now? We’d like to run some tests on her”, the doctor said and that was when I looked down and saw that I had changed out of my clothes and was now in a hospital gown.
Shit! The person that changed me would have seen all of my scars.
“I’m Doctor Cole. How do you feel, Lola?” He asked with a warm smile and I slowly felt at ease. “I’m fine, doctor”, I replied in a small voice.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 52
He did some minor checks while his nurses wrote some things down. He moved back and looked at me when he was done. ” There’s nothing wrong with you but I’d still keep you here till tomorrow morning to see if any changes might occur. Have a nice day, Lola”, he said to me with a smile before he left the room.
The door had barely closed when Lyla ran inside and immediately came to wrap me in a hug. “Don’t scare me like that again”, she whispered into my neck and that was when I realized that she was crying.
“Hey, hey, I’m sorry, okay? It’s okay, don’t cry please”, I said while rubbing her back. “How many hours was I gone for?” I asked and she pulled back from my body so fast, I thought she was burnt by fire.
“Hours?” She exclaimed. “You were gone for 4 days, Lola”, another voice sounded from the door. I looked up to find Rose looking tired and worn out.
4 days? I was only gone for like a few hours. Selene and I just spoke for a while, I couldn’t have been out for 4 days. I looked at all of their faces to check if they were playing with me but they all seemed so serious and sad.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be such a nuisance or bring you stress, I’m sorry for any form of inconvenience I might have caused you”, I apologize.
“I should be the one apologizing”, Lotana spoke up. “If I had not been a bitch and shouted at you, you might not have gone into shock like you did. I’m really sorry for what I did, Lola, I sincerely apologize”, she said in a small voice but I heard her loud and clear.
Before I could speak up, Rose beat me to it. “Now, now, ladies. You can all leave now and sleep in your houses for tonight, I’d stay with Lola”, she said but the girls did not seem to agree. “That wasn’t a suggestion, it’s an order from your Luna and I wouldn’t take no for an answer”, she said sternly and they all nodded reluctantly.
Lyla hugged me one more time before she left the room. Just before she moved away from me, she whispered, “You’re so strong, Lola”, leaving me confused.
Rose came towards me once everyone left. She came to hug me and held my hands after she moved back. “Thank you for coming back to us. I wouldn’t have been able to forgive myself”, she said, her voice breaking. I gave her a smile and she returned it with a shaky one.
Remembering that someone must have changed me, I asked her the question I was dreading to ask. “Who changed me out of my clothes?” I asked, hoping it was her. “I did”, she said and I breathed a sigh of relief. “But the girls saw too”, I facepalmed at that sentence.
I guess there’s no hiding from them anymore.
“But I made them promise not to pester you for what happened. You’d tell us when you’re ready”, she said. I nodded at her words, at least I won’t have to be so self-conscious around them anymore.
We talked for a while before I started yawning. “I’ll leave you to get some rest”, she said before kissing my cheeks and alaking towards the door.
“Rose”, I called and she looked back, awaiting my question. “And Adrian?” I asked and her face changed to that of sadness.” He never showed up once”, she said it as if it pained her to voice out and I nodded my head with a smile on my face.
“Rest well, Lola”, she said before stepping out of the room. After she was gone, I allowed a tear to slide down my cheeks. This is the last time I’d cry over a man that doesn’t want me.
Adrian will be sorry he treated me this way, I vowed to myself.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 53
Lola’s POV
The next day when I was to be discharged, Lyla, Avianca and Lotana were all present. They all doted on me and made sure I did not need anything.
After the doctor came into my room and said I could be discharged, Lyla gave me some clothes that I could change into. I know that they already know about my battered body but I did not want to see the pity in their eyes.
I took a while in the bathroom to gather my thoughts and composure, forgetting that there were mother hens waiting outside for me.
“Lola? Lola?” Lyla called out in a panicked voice. “Are you okay? Do you need anything? Are you having difficulties doing anything?” She called out again when I did not answer her at first.
“I’m fine, Lyla. I’ll be out in a moment”, I called out to her and that was when she stopped knocking on the door. I heard them discussing in hushed tones and I could make out words like “Adrian”, “former pack”, “protect”, and I just knew they were talking about me.
I walked out of the bathroom and they suddenly went quiet. Lyla rushed towards me to help me but I stopped her. I was tired of being treated like I was totally useless.
“Can you guys please stop all these? I’m not useless, I can do these basic things by myself for the moon’s sake”, I got out and they all looked surprised. “What are you talking about, Lola”, Avianca was the one that spoke up.
“I know you guys saw my scars. I’m not useless because of them. I brought those scars from my former pack and fought my way to this pack covered in them. Please don’t act like I’m some fragile porcelain doll”, I spoke up, surprised by my words.
I looked around the room and they all looked equally surprised at my outburst. Lyla was the first one to break out of the daze.” I’m sorry, Lola. It’s just that even though Nathan said they saw scars on you when you came into the pack, I did not imagine it would be something so much”, she said, her voice breaking. “It’s a hard pill to swallow that people would willingly do something so horrendous to their kind”, she finally broke down into tears and I felt bad for making her cry.
She was only watching out for me, I did not have to be so harsh. I moved towards her and hugged her while she sobbed harder into my shoulder.
“I did not want you to think we’d treat you like your old pack did or kick you out because you’re different. I’d never treat you like that, Lola, you’re my best friend remember?” she said while sniffling.
I was about to answer when Lotana spoke up. “Hey, where does that leave us?” She said with a pout and I almost laughed. ” You’ve always liked Avianca more than you liked me”, she replied with a roll of her eyes.
“That’s not true. And I also want to be Lola’s best friend, you don’t get to keep her to yourself”, she said and crossed her arms over her chest. “I also want to be her best friend”, Avianca, who had been silently watching their banter, also spoke up.
“We can all be bestfriends”, I spoke up and Lotana and Avianca agreed immediately while Lyla still pouted a bit even though her eyes showed that she did not mind.
“I didn’t mean to be ungrateful for the love you guys are showing me but I don’t want to be treated differently. Just treat me the way you always have”, I said, directing my words to Lyla in particular.
They all nodded and I smiled at them in return. “Group hug?” Lotana asked and we all hugged, even though it was a bit uncomfortable but I was ready to get out of my comfort zone.
“We should have a group name”, Avianca said and the others shook their heads in disagreement. I was wondering why when she spoke up. “Hear me out guys, what about the ALLL”, she said with a grin and we all shouted no at once, making her move back with her hands over her heart. “You guys scared me, jeez”.
We were all laughing when Rose came into the room. “I see you ladies are having fun. It’s time to leave the hospital now. Lola needs to rest”, she said and I shook my head in disagreement. “But, I’m perfectly……..”, i tried to speak up but she wasn’t having any of it. “You’ll not argue with me, young lady”, she said with an intimidating look in her eyes so I kept quiet.
We silently left the room and I saw Jayden and Nathan waiting. I tried not to be too disappointed when I did not see Adrian with them, I already knew he wasn’t going to be here. He did not show up for four days after all.
Nathan took the girls to the pack house while I shared a ride with Jayden and Rose back to the house. The car ride was silent and we all decided to ignore the big elephant in the room. Adrian.
We got to the house and I went in first while Jayden and Rose stayed back to discuss some things. I was hit by his scent immediately I opened the door but I steeled my heart to not be swayed by a simple act of gesture.
I had barely made it to the top of the stairs when he came out of his room looking like shit. Well, he deserved everything that happened to him and will happen to him.
I did not acknowledge him and moved past him towards my room. I was halfway there when his voice stopped me in my tracks. “Lola, I’m………”, I turned towards him with anger in my veins. “You don’t have the right to apologize to me, Adrian. Or should I say Alpha, since you’d be getting your happy ever after with your Luna soon. I hope you have a good life together, scumbags fit each other perfectly”, I said with venom in my voice before storming into my room and shutting the door with so much anger.
I refused to be doormat for anyone anymore, he should have a good life with his bitchy chosen Luna.
I have a self-development journey that doesn’t involve mam and I’m going to excel at it.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 54
Adrian’s POV
I think I just created a beast.
I watched Lola as she walked away from me and slammed the door with force, making me flinch a bit. I felt a sense of pride and also felt like I had been kicked in the heart.
That could only mean one thing; she wasn’t going to take my bullshit anymore. Sure, it did not sit well with me that she talked to me in that manner, I was an Alpha wolf after all, but it also made me feel proud that my mate was slowly standing up for herself.
Scratch that. It meant my mate would not be taking any bullshit from anyone because she has guts now.
Daxon was basically wagging his tail and whimpering in my head when she was shouting at us. I had to admit that it turned me on a bit. The Alpha mate in me wanted to slam her against the wall and show her that she was mine and going nowhere. While the part of me that offended her was so ashamed, I could barely look her in the eyes. 1
“Congratulations, you succeeded in making her hate us. I hope you’re fucking happy now”, Daxon growled in my head and I just rubbed my palm all over my face. I did not have a comeback for him. Nothing I would say would justify the reason I did not show up at the hospital for 4 days.
She was not responding to anything for four days but I couldn’t go there because I might go berserk and make blood flow in the hospital so I stayed back at home, getting updates from Nathan.
The first day was worse. I had been sitting in my bedroom after the whole bowling alley incident when Nathan’s voice came into my head.
“Lola just collapsed at the clinic, man”, his panicked voice came through the mindlink and I went rigid. Daxon immediately started whimpering in my head at the news that his mate had collapsed.
“What”, that was the only word I could get out. She looked perfectly fine before she left with Lyla. “I’m on my way back to get you, so we can go to the clinic together”, he said but I wasn’t even listening to him.
My whole thoughts were on how I had been the cause of her pain and suffering since she came into the pack when I should have been her protective shield. If I had not allowed my anger to overtake me at the sight of her hugging that pup. She might not have collapsed. I don’t deserve to see her.
“What?” Daxon boomed in my head but I paid him no heed. “Head straight to the clinic, Nathan. I won’t be going to see her, I don’t deserve to”, I said into the midlink. “What? You can’t decide that for her. If you’re ever going to win her back, now is the time to do that, stupid”, Nathan shouted into the mindlink but my mind was already made.
“I wasn’t asking for your opinion on this matter, Nathan. I’d suggest you keep them to yourself until I say otherwise”, I said and the midlink went silent.
Maybe I was too harsh but I also wanted to be left alone with my thoughts. I couldn’t imagine seeing her take her last breath when I was with her. (1
“You’re such a fucking coward, Adrian”, Daxon said angrily in my head but I couldn’t care less about what anyone said in that moment. Yes, I was a coward but I’d rather not watch her die.
Mom came home that night and lashed out at me but I was hellbent on not going anywhere. There wasn’t anyone who could tell me a particular reason she was hospitalized and I could barely feel the connection to her soul inside me.
“I raised you better, Adrian. You’d regret your decision whether she lives or dies”, she said as she left my room that night. Daxon refused to talk to me, my parents refused to talk to me, Nathan would only give me updates when I forced it out of him.
I was alone, completely alone and I was slowly losing my mind.
I thought about rejecting her but my heart felt like it was going to burst out of my chest anytime I thought about it. It wasn’t until yesterday that she came back to life that Nathan told me the real reason she collapsed and what Lyla had told him.
She apparently collapsed after one of the girls from the new group she went out with started blaming her that she was the reason her brother was in the hospital. The doctor stabilized her but the greater shock came when she was to be changed out of her gown.
Nathan said Lyla had come to him crying about how no one deserves what she went through. He mentioned seeing her scars when she arrived in the pack but she thought they were marks from where she was running and did not bother with it after they clothed her.
I shook uncontrollably and the only thing that stopped me from going to the hospital to take her into my arms was the shame from not showing up initially.
I was so nervous when I heard that she was getting discharged that I couldn’t get any sleep. How would I explain why I was absent to her? Would she be willing to work things out with me? Do I deserve her?
I was preparing what I was going to say to her when I heard the door to the house open and close. As the footsteps made their way up the stairs, her scents invaded my nostrils and I wanted to hit myself for being such a fool.
She stopped in her tracks for a while when she saw me before she made her way towards her room like I did not exist. I wouldn’t lie and say it didn’t hurt because it did.
I was so shocked when she shouted at me. I had created a beast.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 55
Lola’s POV
It’s been a month since I got to Crescent moon pack. Let’s just say it’s been eventful. Since the day I got back from the clinic and went off like a bomb on Adrian, to be very honest, I was a ticking time bomb, I had not spoken to him till date.
It’s not like he did not try to speak to me but I wasn’t having it. If he decided to be a dick, he might as well go fuck himself with it, I did not care. (1
“But you do”, Jasmine interrupted my chain of thoughts and I would have smacked her if she weren’t a part of me. “You’re so lucky you’re a part of me, I’d have smacked the living daylights out of you, girl”, I said to her but she just laughed wolfishly.
“If you hurt me, you hurt yourself durhhhhhh”, she snickered at me and I rolled my eyes. Yeah, Jasmine and I have been more vocal and friendly now. We now communicate more because she’s not always sleeping from taking my pain. Save the occasional heartache we get from resisting the bond for a while, we were perfectly fine and our scars were slowly fading.
Rose would give me ointment to apply to my wounds. Turned out that the ointment I applied to my scars a day after Adrian’s misbehavior was given to me by him. Little things like that are what made me want to get together with him but when I remember the reason I had to use the ointment in the first place, I come back to my senses.
Training has been going fine with Jayden. I have to say I’ve been impressed at the rate at which I was growing physically and mentally. Jayden said I’m easily one of the best students he’s trained so far and my head couldn’t help but swell whenever he says it.
I’ve gone from basic workout to learning how to fight and spar. I could withstand getting hit now because I can definitely land a mean hit too. Jayden said I’d soon learn how to fight in my wolf form but I wasn’t ready to show Jasmine to the world.
There’s always been a reason my parents told me to keep her hidden. I don’t think it’s a good idea to let her be known to the world now.
People still think I don’t have a wolf, I don’t understand how that’s possible. Only the few I told I had a wolf know that I have a wolf.
“It will be so nice to finally be able to move freely and find the wind in my fur too”, Jasmine’s voice cake through our mindlink and I facepalmed.
“Stop listening to my thoughts, Jas”, I snapped at her but I felt her roll her eyes at me. “I can’t help it. You don’t put up a block “, with that I blocked her out.
Rose had been very helpful and I was glad I had Lyla and her by my side. She had been the mother I never had and Lyla and the girls and I have formed some kind of sisterhood. They’ve always been supportive. 1
We’d randomly go shopping or go to volunteer in the pack clinic. They said I needed to learn it as the future Luna and no matter how hard I refused, they’d always drag my ass with them whenever that went.
As if on cue, my phone rang and the caller ID showed that it was Lyla. Yeah, I figured how to use it and many more, all thanks to the girls. I picked the call, put it on speaker and placed it on the bed.
“And why are you not here, yet” she yelled out and I was glad I did not place the phone close to my ear. My hearing has been so sensitive lately, I pick up even the tiniest of sounds, like the fact that Lyla was trimming her toenails as she spoke to me. Or that Adrian was turning around restlessly on his bed.
Blame the mate bond, please.
“Jeez, girl. I’m almost done dressing up. I’ll be with you soon”, I lied to her. I wasn’t done but she did not have to know that.” Soon? Lola, I know you haven’t started dressing yet. I give you 30 minutes to shower and get your ass over here before I come get you myself”, she said and I almost giggled. She knows me so well.
I heard the door open from her end of the call and two sets of footsteps entered the room. “Is that Lola, is she almost here?” Lotana was the one who asked. “Pretty sure she hasn’t had her bath”, Lyla replied.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 56
“You haven’t taken your bath when my coming of age ceremony is just 4 hours away. You should have been here since morning. We’re the ALLL, remember?” Avianca whined and I laughed.
“I promise you that I’d be there in 30 minutes. See you soon, guys”, without waiting for a response, I hung up and shot into the bathroom to do my routine.
It was a quick shower and I packed my clothes into a bag so I could go and get ready with the girls. I met Rose on my way out and told her I was going to get ready with the girls. We hugged before I left.
I ran the distance from the house to the pack house in less than 5 minutes, barely breaking a sweat nor out of breath. Yayyyyyy, Jayden would have been proud to see that.
I was greeted by Jace and his mate, Greg as I entered the pack house. Yeah, that same Greg, who would have thought? “Hi, gorgeous. Been a while since I saw you”, he greeted me cheerfully and tried to leave Greg, who was holding onto him like a lifeline, to come and greet me but Greg wasn’t having any of it.
“Hey lovebirds, it’s good to see you guys too. Especially you, Greg”, I teased and he became as red as a tomato. “Hi, Lola”, he greeted back shyly before grasping onto Jace more. I swear they’re inseparable anytime I see them.
I was about to leave when Alex came in too. “Hey Lola, looking extra nice tonight. Did you do something with your hair?” He asked and I shook my head in disagreement. I noticed he sniffed the air quite a number of times and looked at me weirdly but I shook it off.
“I’d see you guys around”, I said before I dashed off towards Lyla’s former room. She moved into Nathan’s house but we still meet here when we have a group outing.
“Hey guys”, I greeted them as I entered and they all answered me, even though I was chastised a little for being late. We all dressed up prettily.
Avianca was in a strapless red gown that had no back, Lotana was in a midnight blue gown that accentuated all of her curves, Lola looked stunning in her white gown that made sure all eyes were on her all night and I was in my signature black dress. 2
We all did our hair and had minimal make up on. We left the room some minutes to 7 and all eyes were on us as we left the pack house. Or should I say, all eyes were on me? The guys we passed all looked at me with hunger in their eyes and sniffed the air like Alex did before.
I shook it off and we entered the garden where the ceremony was to take place. We were altogether until Avianca had to go on stage like Lyla did the last time.
I suddenly felt hot but chalked it up to the black clothes I wore. I kept fanning myself and adjusting my hair that was almost reaching my back now. The heat was becoming unbearable by the seconds and I could feel my eyes trying to close on its own.
I tried to tap Lyla but I couldn’t as I felt the heat turn into a raging fire, starting from my fingertips and consuming the entirety of my being.
I screamed out disrupting the ceremony that was going on. I heard snarls and howls of male wolves around me and wondered what was going on.
Lyla tried to touch me but she just made the pain worse, making me scream out again. “She’s in heat”, Lyla said to no one in particular. Jace and Greg were with us in a twinkle of an eye trying to wade off men that were coming towards me.
What’s going on, what’s heat?
“Mate! I want mate!” Jasmine whimpered in my head. As Jace and Greg tried to wave off the men coming towards me, a loud growl that shook the whole pack house was heard and everyone moved back from me.
Someone held me in their arms and I felt slightly better. I opened my eyes to see who held me and it turned out to be Adrian. ” Mine! Mate!” Jasmine kept chanting in my head.
“You can sleep now, baby. I’ll take care of you”, he said to me softly and that was all I needed to close my eyes and be free from the pain.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 57
Adrian’s POV
Ever since the hallway incident, all I could do was watch her grow into a strong woman. Watch her develop and build herself because she did not want to be the one to lose out. I watched he become more beautiful and radiant day in day out. 1
She still wasn’t comfortable with showing off her skin. I noticed the way she held herself changed. The way she was always quiet when she’s with her friend but when she speaks, they grab unto every of her words. I saw the way she slowly earned respect without having to do much.
She showed the signs that she’d make a great Luna and I could not deny that I made a mistake by treating her the way I did. Through her pain, she became a woman whom a lot respected.
I forced her to grow. 1
Dad would always talk about how she’s one of the best he’s ever trained and let me tell you that Dad is not one to dish out compliments unless you earn it. She’d been learning very fast and Dad said she’d be training in her wolf form soon.
I only felt connection to her wolf once, it was almost like she did not have one. I really couldn’t wait to see what her wolf looks like. If you thought I was excited to see her wolf, you should have seen Daxon. We were both anticipating and I hoped it will be
soon.
I could hear her shuffling around in her room and I listened attentively to everything she was doing. That’s the only way I’ve been keeping myself sane since she refused to talk to me.
I know I earned it but she feels the mate pull too right? How could she totally ignore me like that?
“The same way you totally ignored her you first met her”, Daxon growled in my head. Lately, that seemed to be all we’ve been doing. Daxon constantly growling at me and blaming me while I ignored him.
“Yo man. Are you prepared for today’s event?”, Nathan voice came into my head, momentarily taking my thoughts off Lola. “Another event? I think we’ve been having a lot of those these days. Whose coming of age ceremony is it now?” I asked. I did not really feel like going out to see people’s faces.
“It’s one of Lola’s girls, Avianca. It’s her coming of age ceremony and the girls will be meeting up shortly”, he said and I got excited.
Any opportunity to admire Lola from afar without seeing like a creep is enough for me. “What time should I be there?” I asked and he laughed.
“The event starts by 7, man. Be there before then”, he said before the mindlink went silent again. That must be why she’s moving about more today. I checked the time and it was just 3 in the afternoon. I still had time so I decided that I was going to wait till she left before I started dressing up. It was obvious she was going to get dressed with the girls.
I soon heard her bedroom door open and close and her light footsteps could be heard in the hallways. Her scent suddenly hit me and it took a lot of willpower to not go into the hallway and claim her as mine.
I took deep breaths and tried to concentrate on my breathing rather than her scent that made my cock harden in my pants. Daxon wasn’t making it any better with the way he was pacing and howling in my head.
He was trying to take over my body but I resisted. I wouldn’t be able to control his actions once he loses his shit so I dug my nails in my palms, so much that it was drawing blood. The pain was what helped me to stay in focus and not lose my shit.
After I was sure that she had left the house, I tried to communicate with a very restless Daxon. “What the heck was that man? You’d have done something you were not supposed to if I had given you control. What came over you?” I said harshly to him but he kept growling in my head.
“Mate! Mate! I want mate! I need her close to me. Mate!” He kept chanting so I blocked him out. Her scent was still heavy around the house, though it wasn’t as overwhelming as it was when she was in the house.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 58
I was surprised I did not act on impulse, I couldn’t blame Saxon that was trying to take control. Her scent has never been that strong before. I chalked it up to her wolf developing since she has been doing a lot of growing the past few weeks. 2
I dressed up, putting a little effort in my look. I was in a two piece suit with a black tie. I found out that black was Lola’s favorite color. I styled my hair, something I wouldn’t normally do and even used cologne to make me smell amazing.
I was at the pack house by a little after 6 and the way Lola’s scent was heavy in the air was almost dizzying. I could barely hold Daxon in again. I wandered off to the part of the pack house where the ceremony would take place in search of Nathan.
Thankfully, her scent was not that strong and I was able to keep a clear head. I was standing near the stage when Nathan walked up to me.
“You seem so restless. Is everything good?” He asked once he reached where I was standing and I shook my head in negative.” I can smell Lola everywhere and it’s starting to mess with my head”, I said with a slight growl.
I did not not need to turn around to know that she was in the garden. Her scent became so overwhelming, it was almost painful. It was like it kept getting stronger by the seconds. The urge to walk up to her and claim her as mine was overwhelming.
The ceremony soon started but Lola’s scent was all I could focus on. It was almost painful to be away from her. I longed to be one with her and make her mine completely.
I suddenly noticed some males sniffing the air and getting restless as her scent grew stronger. I looked over to Nathan but he wasn’t doing the same thing. I had barely had time to process what was going on when a loud noise came from where Lola had been standing with her friends and only her stunning black dress was missing from the group.
“She’s in heat”, Lyla shouted and that was when it all clicked in my head. The overwhelming need to be with her, her strong scents, the unmated males that kept sniffing the air.
I did not think before I ran towards the direction she was in. Nothing mattered in that moment. Not the fact that I had been a jerk to her, not the fact that she doesn’t want to see me nor want me to touch her, nothing at all mattered.
I ran to where she was laying and held her writhing body in my arms. She relaxed into my arms and slightly opened her eyes to look at me.
“You can sleep now baby. I’ll take care of you”, I whispered to her and she closed her eyes as her body finally relaxed in my arms. Nathan was beside me as I scooped her into my arms. He, Jace and Greg were the ones holding off the unmated males that were trying to reach my woman.
“The pack is not safe for her at the moment. Why don’t you take her to the cabin? She’d be safer there and you can stay with her till she comes back to normal”, he said and I nodded at him.
Ignoring my raging boner and the crazy males trying to get to my mate, I carried her into Nathan’s car and gently placed her in the passenger’s seat. She started becoming restless the moment I stopped holding her. I rushed into the driver’s seat and kept one hand on her body as I sped out of the pack house.
My heart was breaking as I took in her face that was contorted in pain. It was all my fault. If I had accepted her sooner and marked her, she wouldn’t be in pain.
I’m sorry, Lola. I promise to make it up to you.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 59
Lola’s POV
I was aware when he placed me inside the car because I started feeling hot all over when he left me for a moment. He soon entered the car and placed his hands on my body, sending some kind of relief through me.
I wanted to ask what was happening to me and why I was feeling this way but all that came out of my mouth were groans of pain. It was nothing like I’ve ever felt before. I know what it felt like when Adrian and Grayson had sex with other she-wolves but this was totally different.
It was a pleasurable kind of pain. It sent heat to my core and I felt my attraction to Adrian multiply by ten folds. As much as I wanted to stay away from him, I also wanted to jump his bone. It wasn’t helping that Jasmine was restless in my head.
“You’re not being helpful, Jas. I need to stay away from him till he acknowledges me as his mate. I’m not going to throw myself at him just because of your horny ass”, I said gently through our mindlink but she seemed to not hear any of what I said.
“I want mate! We need mate!” She kept chanting in my head so I tried as much as possible to block her out. Adrian’s hands never left my body and for that I was thankful because it was the only reason I wasn’t in as much pain as I was initially. If only he could roam his hands down my body and…… Lola! Snap out of it! I chastised myself.
I managed to open my eyes and saw that we were driving through nothing. There was no sign of life, just an eerily silent forest but I felt at ease with Adrian. I just knew he wasn’t going to hurt me.
“Where are we and what’s going on with me?” I finally managed to croak out. He looked at me so fast, we’d have swerved off the road if he wasn’t holding the steering wheel.
“Hey, it’s fine. You can go back to sleep, I’m going to get you to where you’ll be comfortable soon enough. You don’t have to worry your pretty head”, he said breathlessly and I wondered what was going on with him.
It wasn’t until I looked down that I saw the bulge in his pants. The urge to make him park the car and take me right there was overwhelming but I restrained myself.
I took in his side view and my stomach clenched uncontrollably making me release sounds that were foreign to my ears. The sounds seemed to be affecting Adrian because he gripped the steering tighter and clenched his jaw so hard, I thought he was going to break his teeth.
“Are you okay?” I managed to get out through the desires burning in my veins and he nodded. We soon reached a lonely cabin sitting in the middle of the forest. It looked so dark and spooky but it was magnificent. It wasn’t your typical small house just sitting in the forest. It was magnificent and reeks of wealth.
“I’m going to get the inside of the cabin prepared for you. I don’t know its conditions at the moment and I wouldn’t want anything happening to you in this state that you’re in”, he rushed out as he held both of my hands in his.
“Don’t leave me alone”, I cried out, hating that I sounded so weak in his presence but the truth is I just wanted him close to me at all times now. I did not know whether it’s the mate bond between us or this stupid heat talking.
“I promise that I’ll be back before you know it. Just hang in there, baby, I’ll be back soon”, my heart fluttered at being called baby and funny emotions erupted in my veins. I managed to nod my head through the waves of emotions that were rushing through me.
The moment he left the car, the pains returned. This time with a force so hard, I found myself screaming again. I wanted to be freed from all the clothes on my body but I couldn’t seem to get them off.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 60
Fuck Lyla for getting me into this clothes. I’ll get her back for this once I’m okay.
The door to the passenger side soon opened and I locked eyes with a very frightened Adrian. “Hey, hey, I’m sorry for leaving you alone. Please don’t cry”, he cooed as he cleaned my tears before scooping me into his arms and slamming the door shut with his foot.
I did not even realize I was crying until he mentioned it. Fuck, I don’t want to seem like a weakling in front of him.
He carried me into the house and I felt myself being placed on a very soft bed. He was about to leave when I pulled on his arms stopping him from leaving.
“Please let me out of my clothes. They’re so uncomfortable, please let me out of them”, I whispered and he looked taken aback. “Are you sure, baby?” He asked and I nodded my head. That was the second time he was calling me baby that night and it was doing unimaginable things to my body.
He looked to be having a conflict within himself before he eventually started undressing me. He growled when he saw my scarred body but I wasn’t in the right mind to pay attention to that. I’d worry about it later.
It felt so good to have his hands on me and I might have moaned a little, bringing his movement to a halt.
“You’re not helping me angel. I won’t be able to control myself if you keep moaning like that”, he breathed out huskily and I involuntarily clenched my thighs.
“Don’t hold back, then. Please, Adrian”, I begged him on the verge of tears. I never thought I’d have to beg him to be ravished, it was very embarrassing but I wasn’t thinking with my head at that moment.
“If I’d be buried inside you, it will be because you actually want it. Not because you’re in heat, Lola. I am going to make you scream out my name in pleasure when the time comes and you’ll be in your clear mind when I do”, he whispered close to my ear before biting my earlobe, sending waves of pleasure through me.
“Adrian, please”, I begged with tears in my eyes. I was about to open my mouth to say something else when his lips suddenly descended on mine.
It sent fire through my body and it felt so good. He licked my bottom lip for permission and I granted him access into my mouth. I did not know if I was doing well, but he did not seem to mind.
Without thinking about it too much, I wrapped my arms around his neck gently pulling on his hair. His mouth felt so warm and I could not seem to get enough of it. The fire running through me was replaced by another type of fire and I was loving every moment of it.
I did not care that he was fully clothed while I laid bare beneath him. I could feel my body shaking and my lower stomach was in knots making me moan out and pull on his hair harder.
“A-Adrian”, I moaned out. “I know baby”, he said. I felt his hands going to the center of my body while he sucked on the spot where my shoulder and neck meet. “Let it go, baby”, he murmured into my neck and that was all I needed for my body to combust in pleasure.
I screamed out as he kept running the center between my legs. When I could speak again, he pulled away from me, making me whimper from the loss of contact. He came back with a wet towel and cleaned me up.
“Adrian”, I called out to him but he stopped me. “We’ll talk about it in the morning. Get some rest now, my Luna”, he whispered as he kissed my forehead.
I wanted to ask him what he meant by what he said last but I got pulled into a peaceful darkness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 61
Lola’s POV
The next morning, I woke up feeling refreshed and fully relaxed. I was not even that relaxed the first day I slept in a very comfortable bed for the first time in 8 years. It was like a weight had been lifted off my shoulders and mind.
I stretched only to find out that I was stark naked. Naked as the day I was born. I was confused for a moment before the memories of last night came rushing back to me. I buried my head in a pillow as I screamed into it
Oh my goddess! What am I going to do How do I face him? Why did I allow myself to get so carried away by my emotions and needs? I blame Jasmine.
“Hey, it was all you that begged him to take you. I wasn’t in control of your body. I can’t say I did not enjoy the moments though”, she yipped happily in my head and I buried my face in my hands again.
She was right. I’d gladly go through all the pains again if it meant I could experience last night again. I screamed into the pillow with my ass in the air this time around. I remembered the feelings he ignited in me when he touched in between my legs.
I slowly dragged my fingers to the same spot his fingers were the night before and rubbed the tiny nub that was there. It felt good, not as good as Adrian’s fingers felt, and I moaned a little.
How come I had never done this before? I thought to myself as I rubbed the nub with a little bit of force igniting the same funny feeling that erupted in my stomach when Adrian touched me the night before.
Imagining it was Adrian’s hands that were on me, I moaned out his name. I erupted like I did the night before, panting when I finally came down from my high.
“While that was a very sexy sight to behold, I’d rather be the only one to make you feel good” Adrian’s voice came huskily from the door and I whipped my head so fast in his direction, I think I broke something in my neck.
“A-Adrian, good morning”, I stuttered, clamouring to wrap the duvet around my body. “He saw all of you yesterday night, why do you bother to hide your body from him. Let him ravish your body like he did yesterday night. You don’t have to be shy about it”, Jasmine purred in my head and I became red from embarrassment.
“Shut your snout, you horny bitch”, I screamed at her in my head while trying to keep a neutral face.
Adrian smirked as he came towards and I moved back on the bed as much as I could. “Good morning, beautiful. Hope you had a good night’s rest?” He asked and I nodded.
Not wanting to be rude, I asked him if he enjoyed his night too. “How was your night, also?” I asked in a small voice. His eyes lit up mischief as he sat at the edge of the bed.
“Why is that?” I asked curiously but regretted it almost immediately. “Your body kept me awake all night. I couldn’t get your moans out of my head sand the qay your body reacted to my touch tested my patience all night”, he said, gently biting on his lower lips while he stared at me.
I buried my face in the duvet and he laughed. I have to admit that his laughter was so masculine and sexy, I wanted to jump his bone.
Stop getting these thoughts into my head, Jasmine. “Girl, you even blocked me out and it’s my fault you have such thoughts?” Jasmine asked in my head and I facepalmed.
She was right. It was all me.
“I made breakfast”, I looked surprised by that sentence. “Don’t look at me like that, I can make simple breakfast”, he said before laughing.
To be candid, I was amazed that Adrian was talking to me so casually. I liked it but there was this nagging feeling at the back of my mind that it wasn’t going to last but I shook it off. Let’s live in the moment.
“Earth to Lola”, his voice brought me out of my thinking. “I’d like to shower first”, i said and he nodded his head but kept on standing there. I raised my eyebrow at him in question and that’s when he realized what I wanted.
“Oh, okay. Of course, no problem. I’d leave out some clothes for you to change into”, he said while scratching the back of his neck. At the mention of clothes, my mood soured. Of course, he’s brought Fay here and her clothes would be left behind.
He must have caught on to what I was thinking because he quickly added, “I mean, mom might have left some of her clothes behind since this is their hideout”, he rushed out and I nodded.
He quickly rushed out of the room, not before I saw the tip ofhis ears turned red. The big bad Alpha was embarrassed? What a sight to behold.
I slowly got up and walked into the bathroom connected to the room. The first thing I did was check out myself in the mirror and I gasped when I saw the girl looking back at me.
Lately, I’ve been adding flesh in the proper places so it doesn’t hurt to look at myself in the mirror anymore. Save the scars on my body, my body was nearly perfect and I was starting to get comfortable in my skin, but what I saw in the mirror that morning left me amazed.
My scars were almost gone, I could swear that they were still visible when I was dressing up at the packhouse just yesterday. The wolf tattoo over my heart was a very visible white colour but you could miss it if you were not looking from how milky my skin looked.
Let’s not talk about my hair and eyebrows, they were completely white and had a glow to them. My glowing blue eyes seemed to have a fire in them that made them seem to sparkle. I could not deny that I looked totally amazing, a complete 360° from the girl that entered the Crescent moon pack a month ago. 1
I heard footsteps in the room and thought it was Adrian but his scent was different. Probably the scent of the food he was making was what changed his scent. I shook it off as I hurriedly took a shower and left the bathroom. There was a metallic scent in the air that wasn’t there before I left for the bathroom and I was confused.
Why is the stench of blood string in the air? I touched in between my legs in case I missed the fact that I was on my period but my hands came back clean.
I turned towards the direction the scent was the strongest and let out a scream.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 62
Lola’s POV
I was still screaming when Adrian ran into the room. Before I could speak, he’d pulled me into an embrace. “Hey, hey, Lola, look at me. What’s the matter, baby? What’s wrong?” He asked worriedly and I pointed towards the bathroom door where the stench of blood was coming from.
SOON, YOU’LL BE MINE was written boldly with blood on the white bathroom door. “What the fuck?” Adrian swore under his breath but I heard him.
Gently sitting me on the bed, he went to look at the window that was now opened. He slammed his hands on the window sill making me jump in fear. He must have noticed the effect the sudden sound had on me because he came towards me and held me.
“Are you cold?” He asked and that was when I realised that I was shaking. I remembered that I was in my towel and tried to make myself smaller but he wasn’t having any of it. He pulled me closer to him like he was trying to shield me and I felt safer than I’d ever been.
“I understand that you might not want to be alone now but you need to change your clothes so we can leave here before Dad and some warriors get here”, he said, still holding onto me tightly. I nodded my head and he let me go.
“You can go ahead to change in the bathroom, I’ll stay here. I can’t risk any body coming into this room again “, he growled lowly but I know the anger wasn’t directed at me.
I picked the clothes and hurriedly went to change into them in the bathroom. The clothes surprisingly fitted me perfectly and it was also comfortable. I walked out to see Adrian seating there with a glazed eye, indicating that he was sommuninvateing though the mindlink.
“I’m sorry I ruined breakfast for us”, i apologized and his hard eyes softened a bit. “No, I’m sorry for not being able to stood this madness from happening. You must have been startled. Are you okay,baby?” He asked, worry evident in his eyes. 1
Was I okay? No, I wasn’t but he did not have to know that. Just when I was trying to get my life together, someone shows up threatening to make me theirs and I was supposed to be okay?
“Yeah, I’m fine”, i nodded. He saw through my lie but did not push further which I was thankful for. He looked like he was about to talk when cars pulled up in front of the cabin.
Adrian stood up and held my hands by the wrist before pulling me out with him. I was engulfed in hug by Lyla and Rose once I got out of the cabin.
“Why are you here? I asked in surprise. I wondered what they were told that made them come for me on such notice. “What do you mean why?” Rose asked in astonishment.
“Girl, we heard you were in shock so we’re here to take you to the pack doctor”, Lyla rushed out, I almost did not hear her with how fast she was. “He’d have come with us but he had some issues to take care of today at the clinic”, Rose piped in.
“Did you find anything, son?” Jayden asked Adrian who shook his head. “Just multiple footprints. They must have masked their scent because I sniffed the air and I couldn’t make out anything. It wasn’t until I went into Lola’s room that I smelled the blood. It must have been some kind of magic”, he explained.
Was I the only one that was able to smell what their scent was like. I wanted to talk but I kept it to myself, my senses must be playing tricks on me. If the Alpha King couldn’t sniff them out, who am I to pipe in?
A powerful wolf. One that hasn’t been seen in years. A voice echoed in my head and I got confused. What is Jasmine up to now? “Jasmine, this is not the time to joke around. The situation is pretty serious”, I snapped at her in my head. “I heard the same voice, human. I was about to ask you about it. Don’t you dare snap at me!” She snapped back and I got more confused. What the fuck was that sound and what did it mean?
“Nathan, you should take the Luna and the girls home. We’d be right behind you”, Jayden said to Nathan who immediately nodded. Rose and Lyla led me towards the car where Nathan was already waiting for us.
I looked back at Adrian and he looked like he’d rather be the one to drive me back to safety than trust anyone. “Let’s go”, Jayden said to him. He hesitated before he turned around to go back into the cabin with his father.
To be very honest, I wanted him to be the one to drive me back to the pack house. I feel safest when I’m with him.
Woah, woah, where is that coming from? Was I losing my mind? It probably has to do with the mate bond.
The ride home was shorter than I thought it would be. It was probably the pain that clouded my judgement on the way here. Rose and Lyla chatted with me excitedly but all I could think of was Nathan. 10
I felt so alone, like something was missing within me. I wanted to be with him at all times. I did not understand this sudden urge to be with him but I kinda liked it.
We drove straight to the pack clinic. The doctor did a quick check up and said I was okay so we went back to the house. Rose offered to make food for me and I agreed, that stupid culprit ruined my breakfast.
I ate a little, thanked Rose then made my way to my room. On the way to my room, I had the urge to enter Adrian’s room and sleep in his bed. His scent comforted me and I want to be wrapped in it always.
Instead, I took one of his shirt and made my way to my room. I changed into his shirt and got into bed. When I was alone with my thoughts, it drifted back to the message written in blood and fear shuddered through my body.
Who was the person and why did he want me?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 63
Lola’s POV
The next morning, I woke up with some kind of strange feeling rushing through me. My senses were heightened so much that I could hear even the faintest of sounds from the forest behind the house like the little noises made by the insects in the forest.
“Do you feel it too, Jasmine?” I asked and she made a sound that seemed like a groan. “Can you try not to scream next time, please?”, She groaned again.“I think I have it worse because I’m your wolf side”.
“What do you think is happening?” I asked her in a whisper, I did not want to hurt her if I could avoid it. “If I knew, I wouldn’t be in so much pain. It’s a lot to get used to”, she murmured before she went silent.
She was right, it was a lot to take in. I could hear Adrian’s even breathing in his room. I could hear the clanking of plates and Rose’s gentle singing. I could hear the sound of the newspaper that Jayden was flipping from the living room.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, hoping that it was a malfunction of my body that will go once I open my eyes. I opened my eyes but it just got more overwhelming.
My phone suddenly rang and I had to cover my ears to reduce the shrill sound, even Jasmine growled a little in my head at the sudden sound.
I checked the phone and Lyla’s name was on the screen. I mentally prepared myself before picking up the call. “Hey Lola”, her loud voice came through the phone, making Jasmine growl again in my head. I resisted the urge to snarl at her and took a deep breath.
“Hey Lyla. Can you please lower your voice? I have a huge headache right now”, I partially lied to her. Well, I did not want to tell her what was going on with me without fully knowing what’s wrong with me.
“Oh, I see. I’m so sorry”, she whispered. “I wanted to invite you to a gathering that’s happening at the pack orphanage today but it seems you won’t be able to make it. I was thinking you could inspire them since well, since you told us about your background too”, she took a deep breath after that probably thinking she had offended me.
“You know you were supposed to tell me before making me volunteer for such a thing, right?” I asked her and she took a deep breath.
“I’m sorry, I was going to tell you because I just signed up for it the day Avianca turned 18 but then what happened happened and I wasn’t able to tell you again and then it is today and I did not want to turn them down and, can you please come for a little while?” she rushed out in her loud voice again and I groaned in pain. “Oh, I’m so sorry. It’s going to be a short event, I promise it won’t take long”, she whispered and I sighed.
“Fine, I’ll come but I’m not going to stay for long”, I said and she screamed in excitement. “Lylaaaaaaa”, I whined and she quickly apologized.
“The event is by 12pm, please be here by 11”, she pleaded. I checked the time and it was just 8 in the morning. “Fine, I’ll be there. You’re lucky I like you, Lyla”, I said as she blew me a kiss. “I love you too, see ya”, and with that, the line went silent.
I flopped back on my bed and laid in a starfish position. I guess I have to go out today. I got up, brushed my teeth and washed my face before going downstairs to assist Rose.
Since the incident with Greg, Rose barely allows me to help her with anything in the house and if I ask her why, she’d just ignore so I stopped asking.
“Good morning, Rose”, I greeted as I entered the kitchen. The clanking of pans and her humming intensified my headache and I had to hold my head to steady myself.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 64
Rose noticed it and ran towards me. “Hey, pumpkin. You okay?” She asked worriedly. I forgot to tell you guys that she’d been calling me pet names and treated me like her own. I wouldn’t be surprised if she asked me to call her ‘Mom’.
“My senses are heightened this morning, it must have been due to the shock yesterday”, I replied in a faint voice before giving her a smile. She did not look convinced but led me to the kitchen stools and sat me on one of them.
“You should eat and then lie down a bit more” she said, sorry evident in her eyes and I felt bad for being the one that made her have the look in her eyes.
“It’s fine really. I have to attend a gathering at the orphanage today and I promised Lyla that I’ll be there”, I told her with a tired smile. “I can have the whole meeting rescheduled if you’re feeling a bit under the weather”. I shook my head at her statement.
“No, please. I’m sure I’d be fine once I see my friends and have fun a bit”, I hoped I had somehow convinced her and sent a quick thanks to the moon when she did not argue any further.
I ate as much as I could, thanked Rose for the food and left for my room. I washed my hair and body and got dressed in a cute top and blue jeans. I ran comb through my hair, applied lipgloss and made my way to the venue after bidding Rose goodbye.
I made it to the venue just in time and saw the girls waiting expectantly. Lyla’s eyes lit up when she saw me and they dragged me over to our designated seat.
It was almost time for me to give my talk and my palms were sweaty and I was a bit jittery. My name was soon called and as I made my way towards the makeshift stage, Fay appeared in front of me with her minions.
Lyla was beside me in an instant. “What do you want, bitch?” She snarled at Fay, who laughed humorlessly. “I do not have business with you, elf. I only have eyes for freak over here”, she said and her stupid minions laughed like it was the funniest thing in the world. 1
“What do you want?” I asked coolly. I wasn’t afraid of her, I just wanted her to be gone out of my sight. “So she speaks, the orphan speaks. I thought you were going to hide under the shadow of your friends forever but it looks like you’ve got some guts”, she said and i just looked at her. She was boring me.
“Is that all? I have children to talk to and your presence isn’t needed”, I told her and made my way towards the stage. “You really think you’re going to become Luna? Adrian will never choose you, freak. An orphaned freak like you can never be great “, she said and I stopped in my tracks.
If she had said such a month ago, I’d have cowered and cried in a corner but not anymore. I turned towards her and she looked taken aback by the momentum before masking it.
“What did you just say?” I asked and she smirked before talking. “I said an orphaned freak like you can never be Luna because Adrian will never choose you”, she repeated.
“Hell no, she shouldn’t have”, Jasmine growled in my head and had taken over my body before I could resist. I heard a few people around us gasp but my focus was on the bitch in front of me.
Before I could comprehend what was going on, she had been flung to the other side of the room and everyone let out a collective gasp.
I took control of my body back and Lyla was beside me in an instant. Before I could ask her what happened, I had been pulled into a world of darkness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 65
Lola’s POV
I opened my eyes and I was back in that garden again. With the rate at which I showed up in this garden, I might as well stay there permanently. I looked around expecting to see the bright light and hear the Moon goddess’ voice but what I saw left me in awe.
Walking majestically towards me was a magnificent silver wolf with blue and golden eyes. The wolf looked familiar and had a striking resemblance to Jasmine, but I was so sure Jasmine was a white wolf so I cancelled it out.
“Selene?” I called out and a scoff sounded in my head. “Seriously, Lola? How do you not recognise your own wolf?” The voice sounded again in my head and I was wowed.
“Jasmine!! You look completely different. Wow! You look totally amazing”, I gushed and she held her head high in a form of pride making me laugh.
“I know you’ve always been gorgeous, but you look ten times more beautiful than I remember”, I said and she laughed. “Tell me about it. Up until Fay got me angry, I was just a white wolf with specks of silver. I’m totally loving my fur, girlllllll”, she said in my head as she walked around elegantly.
“Why do you think we’re here though?” I asked her and she shook her head like she was saying she had no idea. I was about to say something else when the bright light that accompanies the Moon goddess shone.
“Welcome my children”, her angelic voice rang through the garden. “Selene”, I greeted and Jasmine bowed her head in greetings.
“I’m so proud of you two. You’ve come a long way and have shown that you are ready for the prophecy that you were chosen for”, she spoke calmly and I got more confused.
Chosen? Prophecy? What’s going on?
“Prophecy? What prophecy?” I questioned. I shared a look with Jasmine and she looked confused too. “You’re going to find out soon enough. Now it’s time”, she spoke gently.
The wind around us became still. I was wondering what was going on when my limbs felt like they were being broken and replaced again.
I opened my mouth in a silent scream and Jasmine howled in pain in my head. “What’s going on?” I managed to voice out. ” The next step in your journey of self discovery”, her gentle voice echoed in the still garden.
Fire consumed my entire body and I closed my eyes and waited for the pain to pass.
When I finally opened my eyes, all I saw was darkness but I could hear a beeping sound around me. I was confused and scared. Did I go blind? Am I in a kind of place where souls who have lost their way stay? A lot of thoughts crossed my mind as I tried to open my eyes to no avail.
I could hear voices too. I know Adrian’s voice too well to miss it. He was saying things that were not audible enough for me to make out what he was saying.
I heard Rose too and she seemed to be crying. I wanted to tell them that I was fine but I was stuck in that dark place.
“Jasmine, Jasmine”, I called out frantically. She seemed to be in pain too when we were in the garden. “Sometimes, you need to learn when to pipe down”, her voice rang in my head and I breathed a sigh of relief.
“What do you think is going on? I can hear beeping sounds all around me but I can’t seem to open my eyes”, I whined to Chelsea.
“Maybe you should try again”, she said weakly and I nodded my head before trying to open my eyes. This time around they opened.
My mistake was opening them too fast because the light stung my eyes and I groaned out in pain, drawing attention to myself. It was Adrian that came to me first, “Are you okay, baby? Do you need anything? The doctor is on his way. What do you want me to get you?” He asked worriedly.
While I was glad that he cared enough about me, his voice was giving me a headache. My senses were still sensitive, in fact more sensitive than they were before I lost consciousness.
Without opening my eyes, I croaked out, “w-water please”. A cup was lifted to my lips moments later and I gulped down the contents of the cup in one go.
“Baby, are you good now?” Adrian’s voice reached my ears and I nodded. I felt like I just woke up from a deep sleep, nothing was actually wrong with me. I did not feel pain anywhere either so I guess that means I was okay.
“Open your eyes, baby. Look at me please”, Adrian worriedly said. I peeled my eyes opened and heard Rose gasping, even Adrian looked dumbfounded. I was about to ask what happened when the doctor walked in with his nurses. 1
He looked surprised too but he masked it quickly. He walked towards me, did check ups before saying that I could be discharged that day.
After he left, I had to change into casual clothes so we could go home. I refrained from asking the questions on the tip of my tongue, I was going to ask later.
Rose offered to help me get changed but I assured her that I could do it on my own and made my way to the bathroom.
I was shocked by what I saw in the mirror. A completely white haired girl with glowing blue and golden eyes stared back at me in the mirror.
I totally have the exact shade of eyes as Jasmine, her right eye was my left eye and vice versa. The greatest shock came to me when I removed the hospital gown and looked at my skin in the mirror.
It was totally flawless like I had never had a scar on it before. My back was all free from scars, my whole body was clean and looked milky. I had not seen my skin so clear since Mom and Dad passed away.
Going into the shower, Selene’s words keep ringing in my head. What was I chosen for and why?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 66
Adrian’s POV
A week! She had been sleeping for a week. The pack doctors could not find anything wrong with her. She looked so peaceful but I needed her to open her pretty eyes for me.
The only reason Fay was still alive was the fact that she was in a worse condition than my beautiful mate. I was surprised when I got the message from Nathan that Lola had fainted again.
I was doing some paperwork in the study when I heard his voice in my head. “Yo, Adrian. There’s a problem”, he sounded a bit nervous and I sat up.
Could it be another rogue attack? “What’s it? Is it another rogue attack?” I asked calmly. “No, man. It’s Lola, she collapsed again”, he said and I stood up in one fluid motion from my seat.
“Where is she?” I growled out and I was out of the house in no time. I transformed into my wolf midway and entered the hospital in a hurry. Daxon was agitated and refused to let me take control of my body back.
“Buddy, I need to be in charge if we’re going to find Lola” I tried to convince him but he wasn’t having any of it. “I need to find mate. Mate is hurt, I need to find mate!” He kept growling, scaring the nurses and patients in the clinic.
It wasn’t until Nathan came out to see that I was the one causing chaos in the clinic that I was able to get control of my body. “Lola is well. She’s just sleeping”, he said with a bow. Yeah, he has to respect me where there’s a lot of people. He might be my best friend but the pack still places value of respect for the Alphas and Luna’s.
“Hear that, buddy?. She’s awake and you don’t want to scare her when she wakes up to you causing such unrest in the clinic”. That was all it took for him to allow me to change back and Nathan threw a sweatpant and shirt at me.
As werewolves, we station clothes everywhere in the pack. Knowing that we could change at any time and rip off the clothes on our body, we put clothes at strategic points so we won’t have to be naked for long.
“What happened to her?” I asked as we made our way into the clinic. “Fay happened”, he said and I saw red. “I specifically told that bitch to stay away from my mate and she hurt her again?” I growled loudly.
“Take her to the dungeon”, I barked out my order before proceeding forward in the direction I could smell Lola from. “I can’t take her to the dungeon”, Nathan said behind me and I turned to him with anger running through my veins.
How dare he defile my orders, especially when it comes to his Luna? 2
“Did you just defile my orders, Beta?” I asked, letting my Alpha voice tone slip into my voice, forcing him into submission.” No, Alpha. You should see for yourself”, he said before leading me into a room where I could smell Fay from. 1
I was shocked when I entered the room. “Did you say she had an altercation with Lola?” I asked and Nathan nodded. I was amazed and I dare say, proud of what I saw.
Her head was wrapped in a bandage and she looked terrible. “What exactly happened? If she’s like this, then what situation would Lola be in?” I asked in awe.
Fay was one of our strongest warriors and had fast healing abilities. It was a shock to me that she wasn’t healing fast, it was a greater shock that she was this way because she went up against Lola.
“That’s what everyone is asking. Lola doesn’t have a single scratch on her and well, Fay is like this”, he said and I sensed pride in the way he spoke. I guess he was proud of his Luna too.
I went to where Lola was and met Lyla and her friends with her. Lyla was crying and kept blaming herself for what happened. I dismissed them and sat with her till Mom and Dad came.
“I heard what happened, how’s that possible?” Mom said immediately she entered. “Fay is a very good fighter and one of the finest of our pack. How could she be in such a condition and Lola doesn’t seem to be affected one bit?” She asked no one in particular and we all wondered.
I stayed by her side, only leaving to ease myself. If I had to shower, I just did it in the clinic bathroom. I wanted to be there when she opened her eyes. I was getting angry everyday and I was so close to turning the whole hospital upside down.
I was angry but I needed to be strong for her. Mom would cry but that just pissed me off. I wanted to see her beautiful eyes and her smile, even if it won’t be directed at me.
After listening to the circumstances surrounding the event that happened, Dad suggested that we bring Serena in and she agreed to come but only when Lola woke up.
I was so close to losing my shit in the middle of an argument with Mom when I heard her make a sound. I rushed towards her but she had her eyes closed.
I pulled the curtains closed and switched off the light but it was still bright. After giving her some water, I urged her to open her eyes. I was shocked when I saw the color of her eyes.
Her beautiful blue eyes were different from what they used to be. She had one glowing blue eye and one glowing golden eye. I was shocked by this and Mom gasped behind me too. I’d never seen such eyes on any wolf before and trust me when I say I’d seen a lot of wolves.
The pack doctor came in and said she could be discharged after running a couple of tests on her. She seemed like she wanted to ask questions but kept it in. She asked to go change in the bathroom.
Mom and I exchanged looks the moment she was out of sight.
“We need Serena here now”, I mindlinked mom and she nodded like she was thinking the same thing.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 67
Lola’s POV
I took a deep breath before I opened the door back into the clinic room. All eyes turned on me immediately I entered. Jayden and the girls were already there and Lyla came to me when she got over her shock at my new appearance.
I was glad no one said a thing, it would be so bizarre to tell them that I was in the moon goddess’ garden and she made my wolf and I one.
“Thank goddess you’re okay, girl. Don’t you dare pull that kind of trick on me again”, she pouted and I chuckled softly. “I think I like that atmosphere of the clinic, I might come here every now and then”, I said with a laugh but no one found it funny.
They all stared at me with a blank look and I coughed a little before scratching the back of my neck nervously. “Yeah, that wasn’t funny. I’m sorry guys”, I apologized with a nervous smile and looked down at my feet.
“Let’s get you home to comfort, Lola”, Rose said as she held my second hand and stirred me towards the door. We were already out of the room when I remembered something. 1
“Where’s she?” I asked and they all exchanged looks. “Who, darling?” Rose asked me. “Fay”, I answered in a monotonous voice and they all kept quiet. 1
What’s going on? Why are they quiet? Wait, I did not……….
“She’s not dead right? Please tell me that I did not kill her”, I pleaded, tears starting to form in my eyes. I might not like her but that doesn’t mean I wished her dead.
A hand wrapped around my waist from behind and Rose and Lyla let go of me. “I’ll show you where she is”, he whispered and they must have spoken through the mindlink because everybody else left, leaving both of us alone in the clinic corridor.
I felt so safe and at peace in his arms as he led me towards where Fay was, yet I refused to look him in the eyes. I did not know why I felt so shy like I was just meeting him for the first time.
He opened a door and led me into the room. I gasped when I saw Fay’s condition, she looked lifeless save the steady rise and fall of her chest.
“I-I did tha-that?” I managed to stutter as I pointed towards her body. I couldn’t believe that I put her in the position before me.
“Yes, you did, Lola”, Adrian spoke before me and I turned to face him with bated breath. His eyes did not give away anything he was feeling. Was he mad I made his toy this way? Would he lash out for hurting a fellow pack member?
“You did and I’m proud of you”, he said and a grin broke out on his face while his eyes shone with pride and adoration. He was proud of me.
“I’m not happy you hurt another pack member but she had it coming for her. If she had not crossed you, you wouldn’t have lashed out”. 1
He said with a smile and I felt my heart tug at his handsome face. He must have felt the same thing because he pulled me closer by my waist while looking into my eyes. It was like an invisible glue was in between us and I wanted to soak in all of the feelings.
“You feel it too, don’t you?” He whispered and I nodded my head. Jasmine was howling in excitement in my head. It felt like the first time I met him all over again. My heart was pounding in my chest and I felt like I was going to fall from the intensity of his eyes on me.
“Mine!” He growled, his eyes turning golden which indicated that his wolf was in control. He gently cupped my chin and I reverted to the back of my mind so that Jasmine could talk to her mate.
“You look totally beautiful,mate”, he said in a husky voice and Jasmine whimpered. I rolled my back at the back of my mind where I was watching the interaction. A wolf chosen for a great prophecy, my foot.
“I’ve been waiting for you to come to me”, he pulled her closer and Jasmine would have dropped my panties there and then if he’d asked. “I’d have made you mine since I saw you but my human is a fool”, I snickered at that. He sure is, a big fool at that.
Adrian’s eye colors kept changing before he eventually got control of his body back. Jasmine refused to let me take control of my body, demanding that Alexander bring her mate back so she could speak to him. 11
“I did not get his name, I just want to see him again so he can tell me his name”, she whined and I rolled my eyes at her.” Jasmine, let me take control of my body”, I asked gently but she refused. I almost screamed but kept it in. Why did I get paired with such an obstinate wolf?
“His name is Daxon and I promise that you’re going to see him soon, in his wolf form”, Adrian cajoled her before she finally allowed me to take control back.
We both laughed softly at the antics of our wolves before I looked towards the bed where Fay was laying and I got serious again.
“Why do you think she’s not healing? She’s a high ranking wolf and one of the strongest in the pack, no?” He nodded and I sighed as I looked towards the bed again.
“What do you think is happening with me, Adrian?” I asked in a low tone and he patted my head before pulling me into a hug. “We’re going to find out soon. The pack sorceress is waiting for us at home”. Home. The word felt nice and I smiled.
Sure, let’s go home.
Before we could get out of there, I tugged on his arm and he stopped to face me. “This means you’ve accepted me as your mate, right?” I asked boldly, even though I was scared of what his answer might be.
“Yes, Lola. I choose you as my Luna, if you’re going to take me back of course”, I nodded. “I accept you as my mate, Adrian. You have a lot of pleading to do though. It will take a while to appease me”, I said with a smile before we walked out of the room hand-in-hand.
Maybe being reborn with a purpose wasn’t a bad idea after all.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 68
Lola’s POV
I had the option to walk home, but Adrian said, and I quote, “I can’t risk anything happening to you, I’d never forgive myself, ” so he decided that we would take a car instead. It wasn’t like anything was going to happen to me if I walked like all the other regular people.
Jasmine laughed in my head, “Yet, you’re as red as a tomato,” and I wanted to slap her. With a hint of sarcasm seeping through, I remarked, “Jeez, what a supportive wolf you are.”
She continued to mock me, and my want to slap her grew stronger. “You’re stuck with me whether you like it or not, girl, so get over it,” she taunted.
“You’re suddenly so energetic after meeting Daxon. Maybe accepting the mate bond was a bad idea”, I said into the mindlink, knowing that she wasn’t going to take it well.
“Don’t you dare say accepting the mate bond was a mistake. My mate and I were already apart for so long because your mate decided to be a jerk”, she snapped. I felt bad for even bringing it up and went silent.
“So, what do you say?”, Adrian’s voice reached my ear and I pulled myself out of the mental conversation and focused on him.
“What?” I managed to get out. He looked at me in bewilderment for a millisecond before he looked back at the road. I blushed furiously and looked down at my entwined hands.
It was definitely Jasmine’s fault I did not really pay attention to what he was saying. “Hey, I did not…….”, she was about to argue but I cut off the mindlink.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t really paying attention”, I managed to get out and he chuckled lightly. “You’re cute for thinking that I’d get mad at you because you zoned out”, he patted my head briefly before concentrating on the road again.
He soon pulled up at the house and I could feel my heart beating erratically in my chest as he turned off the car’s engine and turned to face me.
“I asked if you want to go on a date with me, Lola”, said in a husky voice. I blushed furiously as I could not believe my ears. Adrian wants to go on a date with me? I guess almost dying made him realize that I was his mate.
I looked at him to find him staring at me, anticipation evident on his face. “I don’t know, Adrian. You haven’t proven to me that you deserve my love and attention. What if you change your mind again?” I questioned him.
I wanted to be sure I wasn’t digging my own grave by agreeing to be with him. A look of hurt passed his eyes briefly but he masked it. 4
He held my hands and made me look into his eyes. “Baby, I know I fucked up royally but I can explain everything that has happened. Please give me a chance to prove myself”, he pleaded and my resolve softened.
“Just a chance?” I asked in a small voice. “Yeah, just a chance”, he whispered and made a move to kiss me when he suddenly pulled back.
“Our presence is needed inside”, he murmured and pulled back. I wanted to pull him back to me and lock lips with him but I did not want to look so desperate.
They couldn’t have waited a minute more before requesting that we come in? Sheesh.
Like he knew what I was thinking, Adrian chuckled and got out of the car. He came around to my side to open the door and held my hands to help me out of the car.
“I know you are angry for not getting that kiss but I promise you that we’d be doing much more than that in a while”, he whispered into my ear as a shiver ran down my spine.
Good goddess.
We walked hand in hand into the house and everyone seemed surprised at the fact that we were holding hands but no one said anything.
I looked around the room and was a bit taken aback when I saw Serena sitting in the living room with others. What was she doing here?
“Serena?” I questioned in disbelief and everyone except Layla looked shocked that I knew her. “You guys have met?” Adrian asked and I nodded. 2
“Yeah, the day Lyla and I had a girl’s day out”, I said. “More like a getaway”, Jasmine said in my head and I resisted the urge to roll my eyes.
“Why is she here and why is everyone looking at me like I have grown two heads?” I asked even though I know why they were looking at me but I did not want them to think about me differently.
“You know why I am here but they do not. I’m here to shed light on that”, she said calmly. What’s her connection to the pack? I thought Lyla only knew her from the spa. 2
“I’m sure you’re curious about what the moon goddess said on your last visit to her garden”, she said and I nodded even though everyone else in the room was shocked by that realization. 1
“You saw the moon goddess? Was that why she kept fainting?” Alexander asked from beside me and Serena nodded with a smile. 8
“What about her appearance? How did she change so drastically? Even her scars are gone, completely gone”, he asked again and I looked at him in shock. He knew?
Like he could hear what I was thinking, he nodded at me. “Yes, I know your scars are completely gone. I noticed it when the doctor was doing mini tests on you earlier”, he explained and I nodded.
We turned back to Serena, eager to hear what she had to say. I also wanted to know that reason I was like this.
“She’s a part of something bigger. Something the whole of the wolf world has been anticipating”, she took a pause after that and it was obvious that everyone wanted to hear what she had to say.
“You’re the moon wolf, Lola. You’re the wolf with the power of the moon goddess”, Serena said and gasps were heard around the room, even Adrian was shocked.
Moon wolf? Power of the Moon goddess? Me?
I still had no idea of what the moon wolf was and why I was chosen to be her. I also wanted to know why I had suddenly transformed and why my skin had changed completely. Not like I was complaining about that aspect.
“But why am I suddenly transformed and does the whole new skin comes with the package?” I asked and everyone turned to Serena at that. I guess I wasn’t the only curious one.
“You’re reborn. The war is upon us and it’s up to you to save all of us”, she replied and the room went so silent that a pin could be heard if it was dropped in that moment.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 69
Lola’s POV
The room went silent and I looked around the room to find various expressions on people’s faces but none portrayed joy nor happiness.
“We were just told we were going to lead a war and you expect anyone to be glad about it?” Jasmine asked in my head and I wanted to scream.
Did I suffer for 8 years just to be pushed into war? And I thought I was going to get a good life now that I have clear skin, I guess I have to do away with that thought.
“What exactly is the prophecy and how am I supposed to lead it when I don’t even know what it is about nor what I can do. Is this some kind of joke?” I questioned with a humorless laugh since I couldn’t bring myself to cry about the matter at hand.
“A long time ago, Selene was forcefully taken by the god of Rogues, Hermes. Hermes married her forcefully after he threatened to tear down her city if she didn’t comply with him. Selene, being the kind and peaceful soul that she was, agreed to marry him and was taken far away from her people”, Serena started and Adrian led me towards a chair as we’ve been standing since we came in.
“Selene wasn’t happy with Hermes but she had no choice if she wanted her people to be safe. Everything in Hermes town was weird and disturbing but Selene couldn’t say a thing nor ask anything regarding it if she did not want to lose her life”.
“Hermes did not have sex with her, he’d just occasionally come in to draw some of her blood and leave afterwards. She got curious one day and followed him stealthily without him noticing”.
“She was surprised by what she saw. In a different part of his town, he had some kind of rituals he was doing to transform men into wild looking animals. They seemed almost wolfish and looked dangerous, their eyes were red and had no sign of life in them. Selene became scared and ran for her life but was soon caught by the men Hermes sent after her”, she took a deep breath before she continued.
“Being someone that cannot stand evil, Selene said she was going to kill herself since her blood was being used for such evil. On hearing this, Hermes promised to let her have a life as long as she doesn’t allow any man to defile her”.
“Selene wanted to know why he was doing such and he told her that he wanted to be the ruler of the whole world. He was going to make enough soldiers to help him achieve that and what other way could he make a soldier that would easily take over that world than making an army of soldier that everyone will be scared of. Hermes said her blood was a very important factor because she was the purest in the land and her blood, coupled with black magic was enough to create such monsters”
“Selene did not know what to do but she wasn’t ready to lose her life either. She kept getting her blood taken and couldn’t do anything about it. One day, she decided to go to the market in the village and was walking around when she came across the most beautiful man she’s ever set her eyes on “.
“That was when she met Endymion, the man whom Hermes forbade from living in the town because of how beautiful he looked. Endymion was the male version of everything Selene embodied. He was so beautiful, it was almost painful to look at. He was kind, he was a very peaceful man and did not like any form of altercations”.
“Selene fell in love with him at first sight and followed him to where he lives in a cave in the middle of the mountains. Since that day, Selene would constantly go the market under the guise of buying things and disappear into the mountains to see Endymion”, I was amazed at this story and it seemed I wasn’t the only one who wanted to listen to the story.
“Selene finally made Endymion fall in love with her and she got pregnant with Endymion’s daughter. Hermes was enraged at what Selene did after she had been ordered to stay away from men so ordered that a black witch should perform the magic that would turn her into a feral animal too but the witch failed”.
“How? Why? But she’s no longer pure”, Lyla questioned from her seat and Nathan shut her up affectionately, making her pout. Serena laughed before continuing her story.
“Despite the fact that she was pregnant, her heart was still pure as ever and something around her was contradicting the black magic, but she was still affected. She felt changes in her body, her senses were heightened and she could talk to nocturnal animals”.
“Afraid that she was going to be killed by Hermes, she ran away in the middle of the night and went to live with Endymion in the heart of the mountain. They lived peacefully until one full moon later”. At this point, she requested for a glass of water which Rose readily brought before she continued with the story.
“Hermes found out where she was and came with some of his wild creations. Selene already sensed them and urged Endymion to run away with her but he disagreed. He said he was going to use himself as a bait to save his wife and child”.
“Selene, not knowing the magnitude of her powers, ran but came back to meet Endymion teetering on the edge of death. Apparently, one of the rogues bit him and he was slowly turning into one of them. Selene kept crying and praying for anyone to listen to her plea and take her instead”.
Poor Selene and Endymion.
The moon decided to bestow its powers upon her but it came at the price of her baby. Endymion’s life was restored but he wasn’t human anymore either. He came back as a werewolf and he became the first Alpha King of werewolves”.
“They did not sit still like that. They started recruiting people to fight in the oncoming war and lots of people followed them. They were tired of Hermes’ menace and were ready to fight him under the tutelage of Endymion and Selene. They knew they were kind and peaceful people and would not lead them into something that will not benefit them”.
*Because their love kept going strong, Endymion had some super powers of his own and they kept turning people who wanted to join the cause into werewolves too and got great strength from the moon, it becomes more enhanced with a full moon”. 1
“Eventually, the war came about 3 full moons later and the rogues as they were called, were all vanquished by the werewolf army but Hermes’ first son escaped and since then had been creating mini wars and problems in the werewolf world”.
“This story never gets old no matter how much I hear it”, Avianca gushed and the rest agreed. Why did they all act like they were just listening to it for the first time?
“How did I get thrown into the equation then?” I asked the question that hadn’t been answered and everyone looked at me like I was supposed to figure that out on my own.
Well, forgive me for trying to know why I’ve been suffering for the last eight years without knowing why.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 70
Lola’s POV
“Well, is anyone going to talk?”, I said, looking at everyone’s face. Serena took a deep breath before she continued her story.
“The same goal Hermes had was what his son embarked on too but they never found another one as pure as Selene. He killed a lot of virgins with the hope of getting just one pure soul that could complete the whole process with her blood but he failed tremendously”.
That still doesn’t explain anything but I’ll keep listening to the end. Adrian must have noticed how lost I was and how I was getting impatient with the whole story. He held my hands and squeezed gently as a form of assurance.
“Selene and Endymion thought of a way to make the whole war come to an end but it all proved abortive. When the witch with black magic died with just few offspring that knew about her collaboration with the Alpha King, Thatos, Hermes’ son decided to find a way to be permanently powerful and conquer the world.
“Thatos found out that Endymion got his powers after getting mated to Selene and made it a mission to get married to a pure soul so that he could be powerful and follow in his father’s footsteps but Selene matched him up with someone he would always love and cherish and he stopped his mission”, she finished saying and I got more confused.
“Since Thatos already forgot about the mission, why am I being thrown into war then?” I asked, baffled and tired. Was the stress unnecessary? I was going to avoid it if I could but I needed clarity if I was going to take on the role of the one who brought peace to the wolf world.
“Thatos might have forgotten about it but his mate was someone that was power hungry too. She drilled it into her son’s head and it was passed down generations”, Serena explained.
“Why did Selene not finish this once and for all and why did she wait for all these years to find a savior?” I was getting more confused as the story went on and it seemed everyone was interested in what explanation she had to give too.
“She could not overtake that evil by herself. When she finally became one of the goddesses of the seven heavens, she was able to birth a pure wolf that hasn’t been stained with anything. The wolf is Jasmine and it was only when you were born that she awakened and that’s why she’s been with you since you were young”, she explained and I was wowed.
Woah, just woah.
“She was made for you specially, Lola. This is your calling. If you could not do it, she wouldn’t have chosen you”, she said to me with a smile and I sighed deeply.
How did we get here, Jas?
“When I met with her, she said I was about to unlock my true potential. What did she mean by that? How am I even supposed to know what to do?” I lamented.
“It’s up to you to unlock your true potential, you shouldn’t hold back and must be ready to train yourself to withstand the changes that are coming”. How the heck am I supposed to unlock true potential when I don’t even know what I’m supposed to be expecting?
“Also, you have a powerful Alpha King by your side”, she turned towards Adrian who was confused. “He’s the Endymion to your Selene. You have to grow together and unlock your potential together”, she smiled at us and I wanted to smack the smile off her face but I kept my cool. (1
She kept talking in parables and expected me to understand how to unlock my potential. She stood up and Rose stood up after her but I remained seated. I was still reeling from everything I just heard. I got more confused instead of getting clarification.
Adrian remained seated beside me, gently rubbing my arms. “We’d figure it together, baby. You have a powerful Alpha King beside you, remember?” He teased me and I allowed a smile to show.
“I’d take my leave now, do not hesitate to call on me if there’s anything you need my help with”, Serena said to Rose and Jayden who nodded.
Like hell I would contact you. You barely had any useful information for me, I thought. She was escorted out by Rose and Jayden. 1
I took another deep breath but was startled when Lyla and the girls rushed me, making me jump in my seat. They all looked at me with big doe eyes and I rolled my eyes at their childish antics.
“The moon wolf, huh?” Avianca was the first one to speak up. “Girls please, it’s not the end of the world”, I rolled my eyes at them.
“Not the end of the world? It might be the end of our own world if you do not realize your true potential”, Lotana said and Lyla hit her before signaling for her to shut up.
“Jeez, I don’t feel pressured at all”, I said with sarcasm and Lotana looked sheepish. “I have to rest, guys. I’ve had more than enough information to digest for a day”, I yawned and Adrian spoke up.
“I guess you will have to suspend your talks till tomorrow”, he said to the girls and they exchanged weird glances. Turning to me he spoke, “You should get to rest, baby. We’re going to figure this out in the morning”, I nodded at him before looking at the girls and the comical expression on their faces almost made me laugh. Even Nathan looked surprised.
I get it guys, I find it shocking also.
I left them after a quick goodbye and Adrian followed me supporting me the whole way to the bedroom. I wasn’t weak, it just felt good to have him dote on me.
I’ve always wanted my mate and now he’s giving me the time and attention I’ve always wanted. He still stayed with me when we entered the room and I had to chase him out against his will.
I never would have thought he’d be a clingy mate.
“Let me stay with you just for tonight, baby”, he whined from outside the door after I chased him out and I laughed. “Nope”, I replied, popping the P.
“I promise that I won’t touch you. I just want to be so close to my mate. You’ve been sleeping for a week, do you know how hard it was for me?” He said quietly and I sensed the sincerity in his voice.
I opened the door and he stood there, looking like a lost puppy. His eyes lightened up when he saw the door opened. “Fine, you can sleep in here just for today”, he gave me a boyish smile that sent my heart racing.
After we both freshened up, separately of course, we slept in each other’s arms and it was my best night yet.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 71
Lola’s POV
Sunlight rays shone brightly on my face, making me squint in my sleep before I eventually opened my eyes. To my surprise, I was met with a wide awake Adrian who was watching me intently with a smile on his face.
“Good morning, my beautiful mate”, he greeted before grinning widely at me which resulted in my cheeks having a striking resemblance to a very ripe tomato.
I hid my face in my pillow when he chuckled at my face. “You shouldn’t hide from me”, he said, “you look fucking pretty right now and it’s taking a whole lot of strength to prevent Daxon from taking over”, I looked at him in confusion.
“Why? Does he want to speak to Lola?” At this question, my wolf jumped in excitement in my head and I had to plead with her before she calmed down. It was too early in the morning to be having a headache, I had enough yesterday.
Adrian spoke up, “yes, he wants to talk to Lola but he wants to talk to you first. I apologize for anything he might do in advance”. Just then, his eyes changed from its right green and left hazel eyes to a darker shade of left green and right hazel eyes signifying that Daxon was in control.
He gave me a dazzling smile and looked genuinely happy to see me. “Hi, mate”, his husky, deep voice filled the room and I gave him a dazzling smile. “Hi, Daxon”, I replied shyly.
Jasmine kept howling happily in my head but I couldn’t blame her. The love we’re getting from our mate is long overdue. We waited for 8 years to be cherished and loved by one person unconditionally and I was glad that we were finally getting it.
“I’m sorry I took so much time. I thought it might be too late by the time the human dummy came to his senses and you wouldn’t want us anymore”, he said with evident sadness.
I did not think twice before I cupped his face gently rubbing my thumb across his cheeks. “It wasn’t your fault, Daxon. You have nothing to apologize for. Like you said, Adrian was dumb but he finally came to his senses before it became too late and that’s what matters the most”, I told him.
He rested his forehead on mine and we stayed like that for a while. In my state of calmness, Jasmine took over my body and flipped Daxon onto his back while she straddled him, taking him by surprise.
“Jasmine!”, I screamed into our mindlink but she ignored me. Oh goddess, how did I get paired with such a freaky wolf? So much for being a powerful wolf, powerful, my feet.
Daxon placed his hands behind his head and stared up at her with a sly smile on his face. “Excited, are we? Hello to you too, Jasmine”, he spoke and she leaned forward to lock her lips with his, making me gasp.
For the love of the moon, what was she doing?
“That kiss is long overdue”, Jasmine breathed out after she broke away from the kiss. “You’re right”, Daxon replied, “and that’s why we should do this”, he locked his lips with hers again and they kissed passionately while I just watched speechlessly.
When their hands started roaming and it was getting too far, I struggled to take control of my body which proved to be a feat. You should never mess with a horny she-wolf. My will to stop it before it gets too far overpowered her will to mate with her mate and I jumped off Daxon immediately I was able to take control.
I did not wait around to see what would happen next, I rushed into the bathroom and locked the door behind me. After calming my erratic breathing, I went to the basin to splash cold water on my face to reduce the redness of my face.
“Why did you stop me?”Jasmine whined in my head. “Why did I stop you? Girl, you were ready to get down with Daxon if I had not stopped you”, I screamed at her and I felt her pouting.
“He’s my mate and your dummy human mate kept us apart for so long”, she huffed. I took a deep breath and said a quick prayer to the moon to give me patience to deal with her.
“I agree that he was a fool but I’m not ready to get marked now and you were going on that path”, I said to her calmly. Besides, we have war to prepare for. Let’s take it slowly, yeah?” I said with bated breath.
“Fine”, she huffed, “but I can’t promise that I’d be able to take it slowly next time. He looked so hot while he was talking to you”, she gushed and I laughed.
“You do realize that you’re technically fawning over my mate? You’re a wolf so wait till you see him in wolf form before you jump his bone”, I teased her and she growled playfully at me.
I heard the door to my room close, signifying that Adrian left already. I thought about how nice it was to wake up in his arms and the fact that he was watching me while I slept gave me butterflies in my belly.
“And I’m the dirty one”, Jasmine laughed in my head. “Stop listening to my thoughts”, I rushed out before blocking her out, not before she laughed at me.
That darn wolf.
I washed up and left the bathroom. I picked a very comfortable wear that consisted of a cute white top and suede flared pants that felt as comfortable as they looked. I paired it with a black slippers before making my way to the living room, the smell of food leading me.
Rose was busy in the kitchen when I walked in. I made to go help her but she hit me with a spatula before telling me to go and have a seat.
We talked about random things when Jayden walked in. Adrian walked in shortly after and we all had breakfast while chatting about random things.
The air was light as we ate and it finally felt like I belonged to a family of my own. After we finished eating and cleared everything, I made to go back to my room when Jayden stopped me.
“We need to talk, Lola”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 72
Lola’s POV
I reluctantly turned around and went to where Jayden sat in the living room. I stood for a while before he motioned for me to sit on the single settee chair in the room.
I knew what he was going to talk about but I still hoped that he wouldn’t say it. Oh goddess, I’m not ready. Adrian and Rose soon joined us and Adrian sat closer to me giving me some sort of comfort. He held my hand and I took a deep breath befire Jayden began to talk.
“I’m sure it must have been shocking to find out that you’re a special wolf yesterday”, he began. Not really, I’ve always known I was different, I just didn’t know it was the type of different that would put the fate of the pack wolves into my hands.
I nodded my head so I wouldn’t seem rude and he continued. “It’s no news that you’d be leading our kind into a war that only you and Adrian can conquer”, he stated the obvious. Adrian must have noticed how stiff I sat because he squeezed my hands again.
“We’ve decided that it’s time to step up to the role of the Luna that rightfully belongs to you”, he said before resting his back on the chair and I was dumbfounded.
It took me about 2 minutes to process what he said and I screamed. “Why? Why am I taking up the role of the Luna now? Why should I be a Luna to a man that recently just acknowledged me? Why?” I screamed out and they all looked taken aback. Adrian looked hurt but that wasn’t what was important.
Were they expecting me to be cool with whatever decision they made without consulting me first? Like hell, I’d comply.
Rose was the one who spoke next. “Lola, child. This is for the sake of the pack”, she paused to gauge my response. She continued when I kept my face neutral, “the pack needs their new Luna. Adrian is supposed to be the new Alpha King already, he needed his Luna to be able to do so and now that it’s obvious you’re both getting along, there’s no reason to waste anymore time”, she finished and I looked at her like she’d grown two heads.
What happened to the Rose that would always support me and my decisions?
“He needed his Luna to become the Alpha King and yet he was ready to choose Fay over me when I got here. He needed his Luna yet, no one dared to make him see that he was making a mistake by treating me the way he did?” I asked in a shaky voice. 1
I removed my hand from Adrian’s clasp and ran up to my room, making sure I locked the door. I began to pace the room while taking deep breaths. I didn’t know what emotions I was feeling inside me. It was a mixture of rage, fear and sadness.
“Lola. Can you at least consider stepping up to the role?” Jasmine asked in my head. “Consider stepping up to the role? Jasmine, you suffered from this more. You were constantly weak and I almost lost you”, I replied to her.
“But that was in Moonlit pack. We’re with our true mate now and you can agree with me that this pack has made you feel welcomed in the span of one month where Moonlit pack made you feel like an outcast for eight years”, she spoke gently and i couldn’t help but agree with her.
Truth is, I was scared of failing. I was scared of letting everyone down. If I had been told to do something like this in Moonlit pack, I wouldn’t have thought twice before I agreed. I wouldn’t feel a thing if they all died but the case of Crescent moon pack was different.
They accepted me and treated me like their own, I didn’t want to get their hopes up and fail eventually, I’d never forgive myself. I felt bad for lashing out at Rose and Jayden when they have been nothing but nice to me.
I did not know when tears started streaming down my cheeks. I had to apologize to them for being a spoiled brat. I made up my mind to go and apologize to them and when I opened the door, I was met with a sad looking Adrian.
I opened my mouth to speak but he pulled me into his chest and hugged me tight. We didn’t say a word, we just stood like that for a while.
I eventually broke up our embrace and looked up at him. “Can we talk?” He asked and when I took time to answer, he added” please”. I nodded my head and led him into my room.
He kept looking at me for a while, making me squirm under his gaze. “Am I really the reason you’re refusing to take on your role as the Luna?” He suddenly spoke.
When I was taking a while to answer him, he pulled me closer to his chest and asked his question again. I shook my head and tried to bury myself into his skin. He felt like home.
“Why then? Because if you’re trying to hurt my feelings, I’d suggest that you stop. I fucked up initially and i don’t care how long it takes, I’m going to………”, I shut him up with a kiss surprising both of us.
“Look who decided to be bold and take charge”, Jasmine teased in my head but I ignored her. I pulled away from the kiss once I was sure he was calm.
“It’s not your fault, Adrian. I’m just scared of falling and letting everyone down”, I whispered softly. “What if the Moon goddess is wrong and I’m unable to save us all? What if the rogues win, what will become of this pack then? It’s a huge responsibility and I’m scared to take it on lest I let the pack down”, I admitted in shame. 1
“Baby, it’s nothing to be ashamed about. To be honest, I’m scared too. I’m scared I’m going to fuck up our relationship again. I’m scared I’m not going to make a good King. I’m scared about the oncoming war because you’ll be in the center of it but you know what?”, He asked and I looked up at him. “What?”
“I have you, Lola. Apart from the fact that you’re the moon wolf, I have my moon ordained mate with me and I know we’re going to get through this together”, with that he dropped a kiss on my forehead and I went back to snuggling into his arms.
He’s right. I have my mate with me, I shouldn’t be scared of anything.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 73
Lola’s POV
“I’m going to be your Luna and take up the responsibility of saving us all”, I said out of the blues and his chest vibrated with hums of satisfaction. “I promise to be a better man for you, baby. For us”, he whispered before placing a kiss on my forehead.
All of a sudden, I jumped away from him when a realization hit me. He looked at me stunned and confused, “huh, what’s going on. Did I say something wrong?” He asked genuinely confused and I almost giggled from how adorable his confused face looked.
Yeah, I know he’s the big bad Alpha but he still looks adorable. Must be the mate bond talking.
“I should go and apologize to Jayden and Rose”, I said and his face relaxed. “I was so rude to them a while ago”, I muttered sadly and he pulled me into him again.
“I promise you that Mom and Dad are not mad at you”, he gently said and I looked up to see his face. “How do you know that? I even ran out when they were talking to me. Jeez, I must have forgotten my place”, I placed my face into his chest again.
“Forgotten your place? Baby, you’re the Luna of this pack, heck, you’re the Luna of the whole of the werewolf world. You don’t have to bow to anyone, people bow to you”, he replied with pride in his voice.
I hit him on his shoulder and he looked at me with fake hurt on his face. “Ouch, what was that for?” He asked, rubbing where I just hit him even though I know it didn’t have any effect on him.
“I might be the next Luna of the werewolf world but she is the current Luna and I was rude to her “, he wanted to talk but I kept on talking. “Also, when you were a jerk and was nonchalant about me, they were the ones that stood by me the most “, I finished.
“I can assure you that they’re not angry but if it will put your mind at rest, we should go and apologize to them”, he said lovingly and I nodded vigorously before standing up from the bed.
I waited for him to stand up and when he did not, I looked in his direction to find him pouting. “So what is it now?” I rolled my eyes at him playfully. “You called me a jerk, I just remembered”, he sulked.
“I’m not going to lie, he looks totally adorable right now”, Jasmine pointed out and I couldn’t help but agree.
“Yes, I did, Adrian. You were a jerk, a dumb jerk”, I squinted my eyes at him and a smile almost broke out on his face. Of course, why would I think he was serious?.
“I had my reasons, baby”, his expression changed into a serious one as he spoke. I waited to hear if he’d add any other information but he stopped. “Yeah, yeah, I believe you. Now can we go?” I asked when he wasn’t saying anything anymore.
He stood up, took my hand in his and led the way to where Rose and Jayden were sitting. My heart was pounding so hard in my chest, I was sure they could all hear it.
Rose was the first to look up from the TV they were watching. When she saw me, her face lightened up. “Pumpkin, are you okay now?” was her first question and I managed a smile. She did not deserve my rudeness.
Jayden looked up too with a ghost of a smile on his face. “We’re glad you finally made that bold decision, Lola. We’ll be here to support you in every way possible. The whole pack is going to support you”, Jayden said and I nodded.
I looked over to Adrian who had a huge grin on his face. I glared at him while he shrugged his shoulders. He stole my opportunity to tell them myself. Little birdie.
“Thank you, Jayden. I promise I won’t disappoint you”, I smiled at him and he nodded while Rose smiled at me happily. My phone dinged in my pocket and I took it out to see a message from Lyla.
“We’re having a girl’s day out. Be here in thirty”. The message was simple and straightforward and I knew that “here” in this sense meant the pack house.
I contemplated bailing on them because I do not want the pack members to say things about me but I knew it had to be done.
“Sure”, I texted back and placed my phone back in my pocket. “I have to go to the pack house”, I said, “the girls and I are having a girl’s day out”. Jayden and Rose hummed their responses and Adrian offered to walk me to the pack house since he had to meet Nathan also. (1
I knew it was a lie but I wasn’t going to reject the offer of having my mate close to me for longer. We walked hand in hand to the pack house and people gave us weird glances which I tried to ignore.
Once we were inside the pack house, he gave me a kiss on the forehead before he went on his way. I looked around and people were staring at us in shock. I walked speedily towards Lyla’s former room with my cheeks on fire. The girls were startled when I hurriedly entered and slammed the door behind me. “What are you running from and why are your cheeks so red?” Lotana asked and others looked at me expectantly.
“I am not running from anyone”, I said with a wave of my hands. Hardly had I sat down when they all rushed towards me to ask me questions.
“So, you and Adrian are officially a thing now? Are you going to be our Luna now? Oh my goddess, have you guys done the dirty already?” The last question came from Avianca and we all looked at her.
“What It can’t be only Lyla and I that will be doing the dirty”, she shrugged. “Wait, you found your mate?” I asked and she nodded.
“Yes, I did. I found her the night of my coming of age”, her cheeks turned red and I laughed lightly at her. “Yeah, Warrior Lucy is her mate”, Lotana chipped in and I nodded. 1
“You guys said we’ll be having a girl’s day out, you tricked me”, I glared at them and they smiled sheepishly. “We can still have a girl’s day out while talking about our new found loves”, Avianca said excitedly and I shook my head at her with a smile.
I noticed that Lyla wasn’t as chipper as she would be normally and looked towards her to see her out of it. Her eyes were on us but they had no focus in them, it was like she was faraway. I was about to call her when she spoke.
“Guys, I’m pregnant”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 74
Lola’s POV
After Lyla spoke, the room fell into a pin drop silence. We all looked at each for a while before we all erupted into shrill screams of excitement. We all hugged her once, making her fall back into the bed.
I was the first to remove myself from the tangle of human bodies and I pulled both Avianca and Lotana back by the collar of their shirts effortlessly so they wouldn’t hurt the baby growing inside of her since they were laying on her front side.
“You guys are not trying to squeeze the baby out of her, no?” I asked both of them sternly and they pouted. “I swear, you guys act like toddlers sometimes I wonder how I got stuck with you”, I said and Avianca stuck her tongue out at me while Lotana rolled her eyes.
When we realized that Lyla wasn’t saying anything, I went to sit down beside her and held her hands. “What’s the matter, chica? This is one of your dreams, remember? You want to be mated to the one you love and give birth to your pups at eighteen, nineteen latest. Why do you seem sad?” I questioned her, trying to peer at her face but she kept her head downcast. Avianca and Lotana already stood in front of us with worried expressions on their faces. It was supposed to be a joyful occasion but Lyla was unhappy.
She suddenly started crying and we were all shocked. “Hey, hey, it’s okay Lyla. You can tell us what’s going on”, Avianca said and we all waited expectantly for her reply but she kept on crying.
“Did Nathan say something mean to you or the baby”, Lotana suddenly gasped out, “I’m going to kill him”, she turned towards the door. Lyla rushed up and dragged her by her elbow.
“No, please, he did not say anything to me. I haven’t even told him anything about it”, she hiccuped. “Why are you crying then?” I asked her again and she looked up at me with teary eyes.
“I’m scared, guys”, she sniffed. “I’m scared I won’t be a good mother to this baby”, she said, gently rubbing her ever flat stomach. “I’m scared of failing as a mother. The fact that the responsibility of another soul will be on my shoulder is scary, guys”, she said before bursting into tears again.
Avianca pulled her into her chest and rubbed her back while she cried. “That’s nonsense, Lyla”, Avianca spoke up, “you’re one of the most amazing people I’ve met and it’s going to show in every way you bring up your child, okay? And you have a very supportive mate and you have us”, Lotana and I nodded in agreement. “We’re going to make it through this together, Lyla. We got you”, she finished speaking and Lyla’s crying subsided.
Sniffing, she spoke up again, “Not to put pressure on Lola but we have to work hard to win this war”, she looked at me with a pained look in her eyes and I felt like another boulder had been added to the weight on my shoulder.
I have to save everyone. I have to.
I plastered a smile on my face before I spoke, “I might not know my full potential yet but I assure you that I will watch your baby grow before my eyes. I have to do everything within my powers to make sure you’re all safe”, I said with a grin.
“And besides, I’m the Moon Wolf, add some respect to my name”, I said with a flip of my hair and we all laughed.
“Ouuuu, that was such a great display of pregnancy hormones”, Lotana said, earning her a slap on the shoulder from Lyla. ” That definitely was pregnancy hormones, it’s what anyone will do”, she tried to defend herself.
“I definitely don’t see anyone crying here other than this feisty, pregnant she-wolf”, Avianca said and we all laughed while Lyla rolled her eyes at us before joining us too.
We all joked and laughed all day before I decided to head back to the house as it was nearing nighttime already. We even missed lunch, we just munched on junks as we went through the day.
Just as we got to the pack house’s living room, Fay came in with her minions supporting her as she limped. She saw me and rage overcame her face. She limped towards me and growled loudly but I just rolled my eyes.
“You! Look what you did to me, bitch”, she snarled but refrained from coming too close to me. “At least, she learned her lesson”, Jasmine laughed in my head and I almost laughed out loud too.
“Fay, it’s not so nice to see that you’re back”, Lyla said to her. She glared at Lola before turning to face me with a killer gaze in her eyes. 1
“I don’t know what you did to me or how you did it but I assure you that I’ll get back at you”, I looked at her with a bored expression and it infuriated her further.
She limped towards me but her minions stayed back. She was moving too close to me when Lotana spoke up. “I wouldn’t move so close if I were you. You don’t want to go back to the room you’re coming from, do you?” Fear crossed her eyes before she masked it and stood where she was.
“Whatever you do in this pack, watch your back”, she snarled at me but I wasn’t fazed. “I’m going to be the Luna of this pack and you’ll just be on the sidelines watching me without being able to do a thing”, she laughed before turning back.
“I just pity you, that’s all. You’re a pathetic, power hungry she-wolf and it’s so sad to see”, I said, earning gasps from people that were present in the room. “What?” She screamed as she turned back to face me.
Just then, I smelled him before I felt him behind me. Fay’s eyes suddenly went from being murderous to loving and it was directed at the person behind me. Adrian.
That psychotic, phony bitch.
“Adrian”, she called out softly and I had the urge to punch her silly. Jasmine was trying to come out again but I reined her in. It was my battle and I was going to face it myself.
“Adrian”, I called out to him. “Yes, baby”, he replied as he placed his hands on my waist. That simple gesture made the mad look in her eyes return and I smiled in satisfaction. She looked me in the eyes while gritting her teeth which made me smirk at her before turning around in Adrian’s arms.
Immediately I turned around, I locked my lips with his, making gasps erupt within the room.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 75
Adrian’s POV
I smiled into the kiss and pulled her closer to me, making the sounds of surprise around us become louder. To be candid, watching her claim her place as the Luna of the pack in front of my of Fay and half of the pack was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen. I love the woman she is becoming so much. I love how she can be nice and considerate while commanding respect.
After a while, we broke up the kiss and leaned my forehead against hers. A shrill scream pierced the air and we looked back to see an hysterical Fay being held back by her followers.
“I’m supposed to be the Luna”, she screamed while trying to free herself from the people holding her. “You said I was going to be the Luna, Adrian. I will not allow this lowlife rogue to take my position away from me”, she kept screaming with tears streaming down her face.
At the sound of Lola being called lowlife, I was consumed by so much rage I wanted to tear her into pieces. “How dare that bitch call my mate a lowlife rogue”, Daxon growled in anger in my head, “I’m going to kill her”, he snarled and I agreed with him. She had no right whatsoever to regard my mate in that manner.
I was about to move towards her when Lola stopped me by placing a hand on my shoulder, instantly making me calm down. She did not take her eyes away from Fay all these while and we all looked on to see what would happen.
“You’re the Luna?” Lola spoke up, her voice getting a tad deeper which indicated that Jasmine was present too. “You were a replacement, bitch! You were just a bed warmer till I came to take my rightful place”, she continued. 1
The energy in the room had changed and everybody looked on in surprise at my mate. Her hair was starting to glow and there was a powerful aura around her. I was so proud and amazed by her.
“And a lowlife rogue?”, She asked before laughing humorlessly, the aura in the room getting more powerful. “You’ll never come close to being a quarter of what I stand for and represent”, she spoke with power and everyone in the room except me had their head bowed in submission.
“You’ll respect me and know your place, bitch”, she growled in the direction of a now frightened Fay and I almost laughed at how the tables turned.
She turned around, held my hands and led us out of the pack house. She kept tugging me along and I let her because I found it so sexy and hot.
“Never knew mate could do something so hot”, Daxon purred in my head and I nodded in agreement. It wasn’t until we reached the house that she let go of my hands.
“Why did you let go of my hand?” I asked her with a pout. I was loving the heat of her skin against mine. She became red with embarrassment and looked down at her hands. I chuckled before pulling her closer to me.
“Now, you’re embarrassed?” I teased and she glared at me before looking back at her hands. “I found that confrontation so hot. I think I like the jealous side of you, baby”, I said with a pulled her chin up to look at me.
Her eyes looked so mesmerizing and pulled me in. I leaned down to place a kiss on her lips. She’d already closed her eyes in anticipation when mom’s voice reached us.
“You guys should get a room”, she said with a tone of playfulness and Lola pushed me so hard I hit my head on the nearby wall. “I wasn’t doing anything”, she squealed out, yet she looked like a tomato.
Mom laughed before walking away from our sight. Way to go, Mom. I was so close to tasting her amazing lips again and she ruined it.
“Oh my gosh, did I hurt you?” Lola asked with widened eyes when she saw me holding the part of my head that I hit on the wall. “Ouch, it hurts”, I pouted and groaned in pain even though J was perfectly fine.
She rushed towards me and held my head in her small hands. Even though I bent my neck, she had to stay on her tippy Tiesto reach it. Without giving her a warning, I lifted her by her waist and she instinctively wrapped her legs around my waist. 3
“You were not hurt, were you?” she asked as she squinted at me and I gave her a big grin. “I was hurt, alright? Having you close to me cured it”, I said with a wide smile and she rolled her eyes at me before hitting me on my shoulder again.
“Such a goof”, she rolled her eyes at me but I saw the smile that threatened to escape her lips. “Only for you, baby”, I whispered into her ears and she looked like a ripe tomato again. It takes so little to make her smile and blush. Why didn’t I realize that sooner?
“Put me down”, she demanded but I ignored her request and carried to her room. She buried her head in my shoulder when we passed Mom where she was making dinner in the kitchen. Cute. She kept on whining till we reached her room but I refused to let her down.
She ran into the bathroom immediately I put her down and I laughed loudly. She has to be the most adorable person I’ve ever seen. Images of miniatures of her running around crossed my mind but I waved it away, she wasn’t ready and I was not going to push her.
I went off to my room to shower before heading downstairs for dinner. It was nice and felt like I had everything in my life complete. If only there wasn’t an oncoming war, everything would have made perfect sense.
I washed the dishes with her after we finished eating and also left the room when she said she was going to bed. Call me a simp but I do not want to lose an extra minute with her if I could.
“Can I spend the night here?” I asked but she just ran into her room and closed the door on my face. “I’m going to take that as a no”, I said to myself. “Goodnight Lola, have a nice night”, I said into the silent hallways before going towards my room.
If only this peace and tranquility could last forever.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 76
Lola’s POV
I woke up feeling uneasy and unsettled. I was worried for some reason but I couldn’t pinpoint what it was. I listened carefully and heard Adrian’s even breathing, he was still asleep.
I tried to listen for anything out of place but it all seemed normal to me. It was probably me being paranoid. I shook it off and rose to go and do my morning routine.
I already got a hang of the whole girlie face routine and my face has never felt so soft and flawless even though I’m barely consistent with it.
“You’re a werewolf, you do not need skincare routine durhhhh. I already gave you amazing skin and physique”, Jasmine piped up in my head but I rolled my eyes at her. “Yeah, yeah, thank you so much for choosing me, the oh so powerful moon wolf”, I said with a mock curtsy and we both laughed.
“Do you feel it too, Jasmine? Am I being paranoid or is something really going to happen today?” I asked her after our laughter died down and she sighed too.
“I feel it too, Lola. It might just be us getting used to being reborn. I’m sure it’s nothing”, she assured and I nodded in agreement before I continued my routine.
I stood in front of the mirror after bathing and the wolf howling to the moon tattooed on my chest stood out. It had become the colour of Jasmine’s fur. When I looked closely, it looked exactly like Jasmine howling to a Crescent moon. It seemed to glow and I looked at it in amazement for a while before I left the bathroom.
I picked out a short and short sleeved top to go with it. I picked a red, lace underwears set and I felt sexy and powerful in it. I wore a fluffy teddy bear slippers and made my way downstairs where the aroma of food was strong in the air.
“It smells so good in here”, I said as I entered the kitchen. “Good morning, Rose. Hope you slept well?” I greeted her as I moved towards her to help her. She chased me with her spatula as usual and made me set the table when she was done whipping up food for us.
I had just finished setting the table, Adrian came into the dining area looking like a work of art. His bed hair looked so sexy and the way his sweatpants hung dangerously low on his waist made me clenched my thighs.
I’m suddenly acting like Jasmine, what’s wrong with me.
“Hey, I hear you”, Jasmine said in my head. “I’m only saying the truth, chica. You’re the horny one”, I argued before blocking her out. She might mess with my head.
“Good morning, Mom. Good morning, baby”, he greeted in his husky sleepy voice and came over to place a kiss on my forehead. I think I melted right there and then.
No one should be allowed to look this good.
“Good morning”, I muttered shyly and my cheeks were tinged red. Damn this fair skin! I can’t get away with anything. Rose looked at us with a big smile on her face and we sat down to eat when Jayden came into the living room. Rose was excited and she exchanged looks with Adrian till we finished eating.
I wondered what it was about but I did not ask any questions. We finished eating and Adrian offered to help me with the dishes. We were halfway through washing the dishes when he spoke.
“Do you want to go on a date with me, Lola”, he said so lowly, I almost did not catch it. The plate in my hand almost dropped on the floor but he caught it just in time.
“I did not quite hear that. It sounded like you asked me to go on a date”, I looked up at his face and he nodded. “Yes, baby. I asked if you’d like to go on a date with me”, he said and I could hear his erratic heart beat.
Was he nervous?
“Are you nervous?” I asked when his heartbeat kept on beating erratically. The tip of his ears turned red and he looked down at his feet. It was such an amazing sight to behold.
“Well, I know it’s not a normal thing in the werewolf world to go on a date but I fucked up royally and I would love to start all over with you. While I can’t wait for you to rule beside me, I also want to get to know you outside the mate bond. I don’t know if you’d be cool with it and I just wanted……”, he rambled on, not raising his head to look at me once.
I took his hands in mine and he stopped his rambling. “I’ll love to go on a date with you”, I said to him with a smile. He grinned and pulled me closer to him, dropping the plate in his hand in the process. 1
“Oops, I guess it was destined to break”, he joked and laughed again. “I’ll see you in 2 hours”, he gave me a quick kiss on the forehead before he packed the broken plates and left the kitchen shortly after.
I was excited as I finished up washing the plates, the feelings I had in the morning long gone. I rushed up to my room after I was done and picked out my outfit.
He did not tell me where we were going so I settled for a sundress and cute sandals to compliment it. I styled my hair and even put on minimal makeup.
My phone dinged just as I was putting finishing touch to my overall look. I picked it up and the message was from Adrian. ” I’m ready whenever you are, baby”, the message read.
I skipped out of my room and calmed down a bit when I reached the top of the staircase.
I got to the living room and I was shocked by what awaited me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 77
Lola’s POV
Adrian was standing in the middle of the room with a bouquet of beautiful white flowers that I had no idea what the name was. He looked so good in his black button down shirt that he unbuttoned the first two buttons to show off his broad chest and a blue jean with a black boot to finish up his look.
His hair looked like he’d run his hand through it several times, yet it looked amazing on him. His scent was a bit different, he must have used cologne. He looked so edible and Jasmine kept running around in my head.
He cleared his throat before he moved towards me with the flowers extended towards me. “You look so beautiful, Lola”, he commented and gave me the flowers which I sniffed immediately. The fragrance was so strong and calming and I gave him a shy smile.
“They look so pretty and it smells so good”, I said, sniffing the flowers again. The fragrance just made me feel at peace with myself. “What’s the name?”
“Jasmine”, he said and I looked up to him in amazement. “That’s so amazing. Jasmine is so thrilled right now”, I blushed. ” What about you, my queen? Are you thrilled?” He was already in front of me and he pulled me closer without crushing the flowers in my hands.
“I was serious about making up for the lost time, baby. I plan to worship the ground you walk on now. I’ll do anything to make you happy and keep you safe”, he said lovingly and my heart started doing a weird erratic movement. Be still, my heart.
“Why Jasmine though? Is it because it’s the name of my wolf?” I asked. “That and what the flower represents”, he smiled at me. “It represents love, purity and sensuality. A perfect flower for my perfect queen”, he gave a boyish grin and my cheeks flamed up.
“Thank you very much, Adrian. That’s very thoughtful of you. I love it”, I returned his grin with one of mine and we just stood there staring at each other. I was mesmerized by the beautiful green and hazel of his eyes. It gives the feel of the forest and a stormy sky, yet I feel balanced between the two components.
“Are you guys going to stand there all day?” Rose said from behind us. I was startled and tried to move away from him but he held me in place. “If you were not going to take her outside the house, you shouldn’t have woken up early to prepare for your date”, she smiled at us while Adrian groaned in frustration.
“Mommmmm, she wasn’t supposed to know I woke up early for this. You did so well until now”, he whined and pouted and I chuckled at how adorable he looked.
“Oops, I’m so sorry”, she apologized before she ran up the stairs. “Who knew the big bad Alpha has such a romantic side to him”, I teased him and the tip of his ears became red with embarrassment. I laughed and he became redder. Awwww, so adorable.
“Shall we?” He asked after some moments and I nodded my head eagerly. I was so excited to see what he had planned for me that he lost his sleep over it.
We stepped out of the house together hand in hand. Jasmine howled happily in my head, the energy in the air was contagious. Instead of walking towards the center of the pack, he led me towards the forest.
I looked at him in confusion but he squeezed my hands in assurance and I decided to trust him. We kept walking deep into the forest and I became slightly alarmed. There was no other soul around save the rabbits and occasional birds.
“You’re not going to kill me right?” I asked him with a nervous smile. “Of course not”, he stopped in his tracks and faced me.” I’d never hurt you, baby. Not anymore”, he said, pain and hurt evident in his eyes and I felt bad.
“Well, we’ve been walking for a while now and there’s no one around”, I motioned around the forest with my hands before looking back at him. “Yeah, I know. I promise you that you’re going to like it”, he pleaded with me. I nodded before he held my hands and continued.
“We should have gone in our wolf form”, he spoke again, “I never knew it was this far in human form”, he huffed and I chuckled softly which made him smile in return.
“I think we’re almost there”, I said when I heard sounds of water gently moving. He looked at me in surprise but I shrugged. I wasn’t ready to tell him I could hear almost every sound in the forest.
We walked for a while before he led us to the place where I heard water moving. I gasped as I took in the beauty of the place. The sun was shining on one part of the slowly moving water, making it look so beautiful. Towards the edge of the water, mats were laid down with picnic baskets on top of them.
Despite the hot sun, the trees surrounding the area casted shade over half of the water and the place we were going to sit was so cool.
“You like it?” Adrian asked as he placed his hands on my waist and I nodded with enthusiasm. “It’s so pretty. Thank you, Adrian”, I turned in his arms to give him a quick peck on his lips before running towards the water, leaving him with a grin on his face.
He stood there looking at me for a while before joining me beside the water. “I’ll set out the food I brought”, he whispered in my ears and I nodded.
I decided to go help him and he brought out an array of dishes, snacks and fruits, leaving me wowed. He really went all out for the picnic.
We had just sat down when his eyes suddenly glazed over. He growled loudly and I became worried. “What’s the matter, Adrian “, I asked quietly.
He took a deep breath before he answered me, “a pack member was killed at the border” he breathed out.
Just when I thought my gut feeling this morning was wrong.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 78
Lola’s POV
A pack member was killed at the border.
His words kept ringing in my ears and I felt weighed down. If only I had listened to my instincts, it might have been avoided. I couldn’t even protect one person, how was I supposed to protect the whole wolf world?
“There was nothing we could have done, Lola”, Jasmine said sadly through our mindlink. “We’re just getting used to this whole thing, it’s going to take time”, she tried to reassure me but I believed it was my fault.
“Lola? Baby? can you hear me?” Adrian’s voice brought me to the present and I realized that he was starting to pack up the food we did not get to eat.
Another ruined time with my mate. This person better be ready for what is coming for them.
“Yeah, yeah, of course. We should pack up and go see what happened”, I said as I started packing up too. Adrian held my hands and made me look into his eyes.
“I promise to make it up to you soon”, he said sadly. I nodded at him with a smile and we continued packing up all that he prepared. “It took us a while to get here, we should get going so that we can get back faster”, I urged him when he stared off into space.
“I’ll change into my wolf form so we can get there faster. You’ll be okay to ride on my back right?” He asked and I nodded unsurely. I wasn’t sure I’d be able to stop Jasmine from showing her true color. Have mercy, moon goddess.
The moment he started unbuttoning the rest of his buttons, I turned my back on him, not before I got a glimpse of his toned abs. He chuckled and my cheeks became warm with embarrassment. He definitely did it on purpose.
I heard cracking of bone before a wet nose nudged the back of my leg. I turned around slowly and was met a pure black wolf with a darker shade of interchanged green and hazel eyes. I slowly ran my hand through his fur and he purred like a kitten making me chuckle softly.
I’ve never seen a more magnificent wolf and it wasn’t until he started nudging me again that I remembered why we had to go in the first place. I picked his clothes and folded them on top of the basket.
He lowered himself onto the ground and I gently climbed him before adjusting the basket on my laps. He made a worried sound, I patted his head and whispered, “I’m fine. We can go now”, I held onto the fur on the soft part of his neck and he goes off without warning.
It felt so amazing to breeze past the trees very fast. The wind in my hair was amazing and I had to close my eyes because I was getting dizzy a bit. It was an amazing experience.
He took us to the where the body was found, only stopping when we reached there. He picked up his folded clothes with his teeth and came back two minutes later, fully dressed.
The scent of blood was so strong in the air, I almost gagged. Just how gory was the scene for blood to be so strong in the air? I almost went down on my knees in tears when I saw the body, if not for Adrian that held me up.
Nobody deserved to be killed in such cruel way. It was obvious he was stabbed in the neck before the wickedness that was done to him.
His heart was carved out and placed in wooden box that was placed next to him. A warrior came to where we were standing and held out a placard that reeked of blood.
“We found this on his body, Alpha”, he bowed and gave him the placard before moving away from him a bit. Adrian growled and I made to check what was on the placard but he moved away from me.
“No, baby. It’s not something you should see”, he said pleadingly but I wasn’t having any of it. If I was going to be ruling alongside him, I want to be involved in everything that concerns the pack.
“Let me see that placard, Adrian, or I swear to the Moon goddess, there’ll be consequences”, I said with anger and pain. I did not know where the anger was coming from but I did not care in that moment.
Jasmine was growling impatiently in my head also. When he saw that I wasn’t going to relent, he showed it to me and my heart almost stopped.
“I’LL COME FOR YOU SOON, MY QUEEN. TAKE THIS TOKEN AS A DISPLAY OF MY LOVE FOR YOU. I’LL STOP AT NOTHING TO MAKE SURE YOU’RE MINE”, the placard read.
First it started as fear and slowly turned into rage. I just stood there breathing heavily and the storm inside me kept in raging uncontrollably. The weather that was once sunny became cloudy and thunder rumbled incessantly.
I couldn’t control how I felt. Different emotions surged through me the more the thunder rumbled. Fear, determination, and most importantly, rage.
Adrian gently pried the placard away from my hands and held me close to himself. The rage in me slowly died down replaced by sadness and guilt.
He gave instructions to Nathan and the warriors on standby and carried me back to the house. We were met with a glum looking Rose and Jayden.
“Let’s talk, son”, Jayden said to Adrian. Rose came to me go lead me to sit but I refused. “I want to be involved in this talking too”, I voiced out confidently.
“Baby, it’s about pack issues. You should just rest and stay with Mom while we discuss”, Adrian tried to cajole me but I knew it wasn’t going to work.
“Exactly why I have to be there. If it’s regarding the people I’ll be ruling over, I want to be involved in everything”, I said with my hands crossed over my chest.
Jayden looked at me with pride before nodding his head. “Let her come, son”, he spoke before turning towards the direction of his office.
Without waiting for Adrian, I followed after him. I won’t hide anymore. I won’t be a prey anymore. It’s time I stood up for myself and also save my people.
A lot is on the line if I failed and that’s exactly why I won’t stop at nothing until this is behind us. I won’t stop until I emerge victorious, even if it meant using the last of my breath.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 79
Adrian’s POV
I was shocked by her sudden outburst. Just a few days ago, she did not have any idea about what she was, she wasn’t even ready to take on the role when it was brought up and now, she wants to be involved in everything relating to the pack.
“She should know about all the developments. The future of our pack is in her hands after all”, Dad said through our mindlink before he told her she could join us and turned towards his office.
She did not wait for me before she sashayed after him. I took a deep breath and followed after them.
“I don’t like the idea of our mate being the center of war”, Daxon said in my head and I totally agreed with him. “Me too buddy, me too”.
She was already seated opposite dad when I later entered the room. “We need to wait for Nathan and Aaron”, Dad said when he saw me take a seat beside Lola. I nodded and we waited in silence.
Aaron is dad’s Beta and best man. He’s also Nathan’s father which was why Nathan automatically became my Beta and we forged a strong friendship.
“I’m so sorry we took a while, we had to wrap things up at the border”, Aaron said as he entered the office with Nathan right behind him. His face lit up when he saw Lola who was suddenly on alert.
“It’s so nice to finally meet you, Luna”, Aaron bowed his head slightly in her direction. She bowed in return, lightly fidgeting with her fingers.
“What is she doing here?” Nathan voice sounded in my head. “She said she deserves to be here since everything going on is about her and Dad agreed”, I replied, anger underlying my words.
I know I said I was going to support her through everything but now that she’s actually taking steps towards it, I want to protect her and shield her from the oncoming war.
“Full report on what happened at the border, Nathan”, Dad said, drawing me out of my thoughts. “Yes, Alpha”, he bowed before he continued.
“The border patrols were the ones that noticed the body at the North border and alerted me so I informed Adrian immediately I was informed too”.
“We couldn’t catch any scent neither did we see any traces. Just the heart in the box and the note that was left behind. It was like they vanished without a trace”, he finished and I sighed. Another dead end, just like the last time.
“I caught a scent”, Lola said so low, I almost didn’t catch it. Thinking I hear her wrong, I asked her what she said. “I caught a scent. The last time at the cabin and today also but it was faint”, she repeatedly a little bit loudly.
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Nathan asked and I glared at him. She would talk, he doesn’t need to rush her. “I did not know I was the moon wolf then, so I chalked it up to the fear I felt when I saw the writing on the door. And today, it was so faint, I almost missed it but it was still there”, she finished and we all sat back in surprise.
She sniffed something even the Alpha King couldn’t sniff, she’s one hell of a wolf. I felt pride surge through me at that thought. My mate is so amazing.
I looked at her in awe and adoration and saw her become slightly pink. So cute.
“What was the smell like?” Dad asked her. “It smelt like a dead rat but worse”, she answered and furrowed her brows as if deep in thought. “Before I got to this pack, I’ve smelled something like that before but I can’t remember where I smelled it”, she said to herself but we all heard anyways, thanks to werewolf hearing.
“Rogues!” Dad growled and my hands clenched and unclenched involuntarily. Those darned creatures. The room was silent for a while until Aaron spoke up.
“I think they’re using a witch to mask their scent. A black witch must be on their side”, he said and we all agree. “We have Serena on our side, that should be enough to counter them, no?” My innocent mate asked.
“We don’t know the kind of power such wolf wields. We don’t know who else they have on their side. The only thing we know is that their bastard leader wants you and I’ll be damned if I let that happen before I die”, I growled in anger.
Nobody is going to take her from me. I have waited for 8 years to have her beside me, I wasn’t going to let the same people that made me waste time before I got close to her take her away from me. 1
“Till we figure out what to do, let’s strength the patrols at the border and no warrior should go on patrol alone. They must be in groups”, Dad said and we were dismissed after a while.
Dinner that night was solemn and sad. After clearing up the dishes with Lola, she excused herself and I followed after her. To my surprise, she stopped when she got to the front of my room instead of going towards hers.
“Is something wrong,baby?” I moved towards her and turned her so she was facing me. “Uhmmmm, can I, uh, can I stay in your room tonight? I don’t want to sleep alone, not after what I saw today”, she whispered the last part.
“I’m so sorry you had to see that, baby”, I started. “If I had known that it was going to be quite gory, I’d have dropped you at the house first”, I said but she shook her head in disagreement.
“No, it was just right that I saw it. If innocent people are going to keeo losing their lives because I didn’t taken my calling seriously, I would rather take my life so it can all die down”, her voice broke towards the end and I held onto her tightly.
I wasn’t going to let go, no matter what.
“We’ll figure it out together, baby. You should rest for now”, i led her towards my room and gave her my clothes to change into. She looked so hot in it but I calmed myself down, it wasn’t time to take the relationship to that level.
“I want to start training in the morning”, she said in between yawns and I patted her head. “We’ll see about that in the morning, for now, you should rest,baby”, I told her and her breathing even out after a while.
“I’m never letting you go or putting you in harm’s way ever again”, I promised to her sleeping form before I drifted off to sleep myself.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 80
Lola’s POV
I woke up before Adrian and took in his facial features. He looked so peaceful and handsome. His hair was starting to fall across his face, he probably needs a haircut, not that I’d mind if he allows his hair to grow out.
I resisted the urge to run my fingers across his cheeks because I did not want to wake him up. I gently pried myself from him, stopping when he moved in his sleep. I waited for his breath to even out again before I further tried to detangle myself from him.
I was surprised that he did not wake up all through but I was also thankful because he would have stopped me and I had what I had to do. Once I had successfully closed the door of his room behind me, I took a deep breath befire running to my room.
“Why did we leave so soon?” Jasmine whined in my head once I had closed the door to my room. “We have things to do Jasmine. The whole werewolf world depends on us, we can’t flop”, I tiredly answered.
I also wanted to be with my mate but there’s a lot on the line and I have to sacrifice my joy and happiness if that’s what will save the people I’ve grown to love here.
I brushed my teeth and got dressed to go and work out. I needed to work on myself first. I stopped in front of Adrian’s door and contemplated telling him I was going to the basement to work out but decided against it. He’d find me.
With that in mind, I went into the basement and started working out with headphones plugged in.
I have a lot to work on.
*****
Adrian’s POV
I woke up with a smile and light mind. Despite what was going on, I got to sleep in the arms of my mate yesterday night. I reached out to pull her into me but I found the bed empty.
My eyes sprung open and I sat up. I looked around the room but she wasn’t there. I listened for any sound but only the sound of Mom hitting the pots together reached my hair.
She’s probably downstairs with Mom, I thought. I was a bit disappointed I did not wake up to her pretty face but I can live with that. I brushed my teeth, took a shower and dressed casually to go and have breakfast.
“Good morning, Mom”, I greeted her as I entered the dining area where she was setting the table. I was so eager to see Lola but she wasn’t there, maybe mom sent her on an errand.
“Good morning, son. Where’s Lola? I thought you guys would come down together since you spent the night together”, Mom teased and wiggled her brows suggestively but that did not really register in my mind.
“She was gone when I woke up this morning. I thought she’d be with you”, I replied her, my heart starting to beat erratically. If she wasn’t downstairs, where could she be?
Mom stopped what she was doing and looked at me. “What do you mean she’s supposed to be downstairs? I haven’t seen her this morning either”, she said in a panicked voice.
I sniffed the air and her scent was still staring in the air. I turned around and went down to the basement, suddenly remembering that she said she wanted to start training again in the morning.
I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw her working out with headphones plugged on. I walked towards her and pulled her into a hug from the bag, startling her.
Before I could say a word, I was on my back and my ribs hurt like hell. She removed her headphones and placed it in a nearby bench before rushing towards me.
“Oh my goddess, I’m so sorry”, she muttered as she knelt down beside me. “Remind me to never hug you out of the blues”, I groaned out but she did not laugh. She looked super worried and kept on apologizing.
I tried to raise myself to pull her into me and stop her worrying but it was proving to be difficult. I’m an Alpha wolf which means I healed 5 times the rate other werewolves do but it was taking a while.
She placed her hands on my ribs that were hurting and looked like she was about to cry. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you”, she closed her eyes and allowed a tear to fall.
I was about to talk when a white light started emitting from her palm that was on my broken rib. She suddenly gasped and raised her head. Her eyes were glowing so bright and I got another shock of my life when my broken ribs became healed and there wasn’t any pain.
She realized what she did and pulled her hands away from my body. We both looked at each other. She looked at me in question and I looked at her in pride.
“I think you’re slowly unleashing your powers, baby. You just healed me”, I said with a big grin on my face while she looked at her hands in amazement.
******
Unknown’s POV
I paced my room as I awaited feedback from one of my men. The door suddenly opened and he came in. He bowed his head and I responded with a wave of my hand.
“How’s it going? Any new informations?” I asked eagerly and he nodded. “Yes, King. Her powers are developing. It’s only a matter of time before she realises her full potential”, he said with his head bowed. 1
“You can go. Keep me updated on every little thing about her. Tell the messenger that failure to uphold their end of the deal will lead to the termination of their life”, he nodded before he stepped out of my room.
Finally! It wouldn’t take long to reach her full potential, then, I’d take her and make her mine.
If only father was alive to see me come this far without his guidance, he’d have been proud of me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 81
Lola’s POV
Wow this is so cool, I thought as I looked at my hands in amazement. I did not mean to harm Adrian at all, he just happened to walk up to me when I was not aware of my surroundings.
He looked really hurt and my observation was confirmed when he tried to move and winced in pain. I just wanted him to be fine, I wasn’t thinking when I placed my hands on his broken ribs. I was responsible for hurting my mate and the guilt weighed me down.
I was surprised when I felt a surge of electricity run through me and white light shone from my palm. Adrian looked shocked before it changed to a look of pride.
Oh jeez, I just unlocked my powers.
I looked at my hands in amazement and looked up when I saw Adrian get up without showing signs of pain. He offered his hand to me but I hesitated in taking it.
“I don’t wanna hurt you again”, I whispered and he chuckled. “Baby, you were able to get me because I wasn’t prepared to be attacked”, he gave me a reassuring smile and I put my hand in his.
“You’re really improving, baby. Not any wolf can easily overpower me even in my relaxed state. I’m so proud of you, baby”, he said once he pulled me up. 2
“I learnt from the best, so what did you expect?” I flipped my ponytail and we both laughed. The sound of his laughter made me want to jump his bone. He’s so perfect and amazing and I suddenly wanted to complete the mate bond.
Just because the fate of the werewolf world is in my hands doesn’t mean I can’t have a little time with my mate, right? He must be feeling the same way too because his eye colour suddenly became a tad darker and filled with lust. He pulled me closer to him and I noticed his eyes kept going to my lips, making me lick them in anticipation of what’s to come.
“Don’t do that”, he whispered huskily. “Do what?” I questioned like I did not know exactly what he was talking about. “I’m going to kiss you now, you don’t mind right?” Unable to answer because my voice betrayed me, I nodded my head.
He did not waste anymore time before he locked lips with me. This time around, it felt different. The rush of electricity running through me increased and I moaned into the kiss. I did not have anything to blame this time, not the heat, not Jasmine. I was purely acting on my instincts and I was loving every moment of it.
He pulled me impossibly closer while I held onto the back of his neck to deepen the kiss. We broke the kiss after a while but he still held on to me.
“That was different”, he whispered and I nodded. I feel strange. I looked at his face and they were strange indeed. I could see hints of the blue of my eyes in his hazel one and hints of gold in his green one.
“Your eyes are strange”, I told him and led him towards a nearby mirror. “Look closely and you’ll see”, I told him. He peered into the mirror and seemed surprise when he finally saw what I saw.
“I think this was what Selene meant when she said we would grow together”, I said. He suddenly broke into a smile and turned towards me. “I now have something to always remind me of you when I look into the mirror”, he said excitedly and I got excited from his excitement.
“Mother must be wondering where I went too. She was worried when I told her I couldn’t find you when I woke up”. He said. ” I told you I was going to start working out in the morning before I slept, didn’t I?” Maybe it was my imagination.
“You did”, he pouted, “I was just alarmed when I did not see you beside me nor with Mom in the kitchen because I forgot you said so for a while”. He pulled me back into him and sniffed my hair, “please, write a note for me next time and also”, he pulled back from me a bit, “you should wash your hair”.
With that, he ran towards the door and I ran after him. “Hey, stop right there. I washed it yesterday”, I shouted as I ran after him making him laugh too.
We ran into the kitchen and met Rose and Jayden sitting at the dining area. Rose looked at us with her eyebrows raised and my cheeks became red from being caught acting like a child.
“It was Adrian”, I rushed out before she could talk and she just shook her head at me. “Go and freshen up and come have a bite “, she dismissed me. I went up to my room, hearing Adrian laughing after me.
I took my bathe, washed my hair, definitely not because of what Adrian said, and dressed up in a cute playsuit. I left my hair down to dry and went downstairs to eat.
I was surprised to see that Adrian did not eat until I came down to eat. We ate in silence, only exchanging glances and smiles. After cleaning up, he said he was going into his office to work on some papers and I followed after him.
His office had a library so I took a walk around and looked for books to read. I was about to give up when a book caught my attention. “The Prophecy of the Moon Wolf”, was written boldly on it. I picked it and sat down on the floor to read it.
I was amazed to learn a lot of things about myself and the prophecy that I was supposed to fulfill. How come I knew nothing about this before? I asked myself. “You were deprived of schooling after a while, durhhhhh”, Jasmine responded.
I sighed and continued reading until I got to a part that made me very excited. I placed the book back on the shelf and went to where Adrian was working.
Adrian looked up when he sensed me and gave me a smile. “Bored?” He asked but I shook my head.
“I want you to mark me, Adrian”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 82
Lola’s POV
“I want you to mark me, Adrian”.
He looked at me like I had grown another head and I started thinking it was a bad idea. “Did you just ask me to mark you?” He asked and I shook my head. “Forget I said anything, it was a bad idea. Just forget it”, I rushed out before turning in the direction of the library aisle that I emerged from, my cheeks on fire.
What was I thinking asking him to mark me? I knelt down with my back facing the direction I came from as held my head in my hands. I froze when I heard him behind me.
Please go away, please go away, I chanted over and over in my head but he did not go away. Why won’t he go away?
“Baby”, his voice came from behind me. I could also feel his body heat behind me, so I curled into myself more. “You can’t see me, go away”, my voice came out muffled and he chuckled.
“I see you perfectly well, baby. You don’t need to hide from me”, he said while pulling me into his body, making him fall on the floor while I fell on top of him.
“Why are you suddenly so shy, huh?”, he chuckled and I hid myself in his chest, my cheeks flaming further. “What was that about marking? You can talk to me, baby”, he asked but I shook my head in disagreement.
“It’s not necessary, I just read it in a book but it was stupid to say it”, my reply came out muffled. “What did you see in the book? I wanna know, show it to me”, he asked but I did not move from where I was on his chest.
“You know you can’t stay like this all day, my queen”, he laughed at my sake and I sluggishly got up, hiding my face from him. I went to pick the book where I placed it, I opened it to the page that prompted me and handed it over to him.
His face changed from confused to understanding after he read through the page. “I actually thought it might be true since what happened with Fay happened after we spent the night together”, the memory of what happened during my heat hit me like a truck and my face heated up.
I did not need to look up at Adrian to see that he was trying to hold back his laughter. “And?” He asked after clearing his throat.
“Well, this morning I seemed to be stronger. I’m attributing it to the fact that we spent the night together yesterday”, I looked up and pointed at his eyes. “You also saw what happened to your eyes after we kissed this morning”, I finished.
“So, you want me to mark you so that we can reach our full potential quickly?” He asked me and I nodded my head. “No, I won’t”, he said with anger in his voice and went back the way he came. I dropped the book on a random shelf and followed after him.
“But why? We’re doing it for the people. The future of everyone depends on us. I don’t want to lose anyone if I can. I want to keep everyone safe, Adrian. Try to understand me”, I said after him.
He stopped abruptly, making me bump into his back. He turned around and made me look into his eyes. “Baby, I understand you. What I don’t want to understand is why such responsibility is on your shoulder”, he took a breath before he continued.
“I’m proud of your progress as a person, you’ve grown so much from the girl that came into this pack and while it hurts me that I am the reason for such growth, I’m super proud of you”, he said while rubbing my cheeks and I nodded. I wondered where he was going with his talks.
“Then I realized my mistake and I’m trying to make it up to you but all you’re worried about is the oncoming war. What about us, Lola? I hate the fact that everything is taking your attention away from me, I can’t help but be angry at everything”, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Now you’re asking me to mark you, not because you really want me to but because of the war. I don’t want to mark you for
that reason, baby. I want to mark you because you really want it, not for any other reason. Please understand me too”, he finished and I felt like a jerk for asking him in the first place.
“I did not think about it like that, I’m so sorry”, I whispered into the air around us. “I’ve been so busy thinking about everyone, I forgot that we still have ourselves to work on”, I sighed as I removed myself from him and went to sit on the couch in the office.
“It’s just that I have a lot on the line right now. I feel pressured and it’s so obvious that whoever wants to take me won’t hesitate to keep hurting pack members until he gets me”, I tried to rein in my tears but they kept threatening to fall. “I don’t want to be the reason everyone dies, Adrian. I won’t be able to live with myself”, the tears that I had been holding in fell uncontrollably.
“Hey, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you, I was too focused on wanting to have you to myself, I did not see the bigger picture”, he muttered as he held me to his chest.
We stayed like that for a while until I pulled back from him and looked him in the eyes. “You know what? You’re right. I shouldn’t allow myself to be so weighed down by the upcoming war”.
I smiled at him as I said the next words that came to mind. “Let’s go on that date again. This time, no distractions, just us”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 83
Lola’s POV
“Are you for real?” He asked after I said what I said. I nodded my head, giving him a watery smile through my tears. He returned it with a real smile and hugged me again. After he pulled back, he wanted to look at my face but I looked away. “Don’t look at me,I probably look ugly with my tear stricken face. Like a broken tomato”, I covered my face with my hands. I was expecting him to laugh but he didn’t. Instead, he pried my hands away from my face and gave me a serious look.
“You’ll always look pretty to me no matter what. Don’t ever call yourself ugly again, okay?” He said with so much emotions in his eyes and I nodded.
“We’re going on the date tomorrow. No plans will be made. You’ll be the one to choose where to go. My duty is to follow your instructions and make tomorrow a day you’ll never forget in the history of our love”, he gave me a boyish grin and my heart melted.
“If only he hadn’t been a jerk earlier”, Jasmine sighed dreamily in my head, “we’d have had the sweetest man in the wolf world to ourselves earlier”, she sighed and I totally agreed with her.
“I’ve always thought you were a meanie and proud person”, I blurted out without thinking and he looked at me with crease on his forehead, his eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
“Was it because I ignored you when you arrived and treated you the way I did?” He asked. He continued before I could answer him, “I promise you that all my actions had reasons. Looking back, they were stupid reasons but I promise to explain everything. I hope you’ll understand me after I explain to you”, he finished sadly.
I felt my heart breaking for him. He looked totally sad and regretful.
“I wasn’t talking about what you did to me though”, I said in hopes of lifting his mood. “Oh, what were you referring to?” He asked while scratching the back of his neck adorably.
“I was talking about the other pack members. You barely relate with them and they do not have access to their future Alpha. I only said what I’ve heard them say about you”, I finished and he sighed.
“I promise to do better”, his eyes held so much sincerity and I nodded. I’m also going to do my best to make us work out. That further strengthened my resolve to make sure we win this war.
I can’t lose this new life that promised me happiness. I waited eight years to have it and I won’t let any psycho snatch it from
me.
We stayed in the office until Rose mindlinked Adrian and we went to have lunch. The rest of day was uneventful and it went by. Dinner also went by without any major event.
When it was time to call it a night, I refused to go to my room and entered Adrian’s room, without waiting for his permission.
“I see that you don’t want to sleep in your room anymore”, Adrian said with a smile on his face when I came out of his bathroom dressed in another one of his shirts.
“Do I hear you complaining?” I asked with my hands on my waist. He made the motion of locking up his mouth and throwing the keys away. That simple gesture elicited a giggle from me and I went to lay beside him on the bed.
He pulled me into his side and dropped a kiss on my forehead. This made me warm and fuzzy inside and I felt myself drifting off to sleep.
“Goodnight, my queen”, was the last thing I heard before I slept off.
The next morning, I woke up in a happy mood. Yayyyyyy, date day. I looked towards Adrian’s side of the bed to find him looking at me already. My face heat up and I hid it in the pillow.
“Looking like a ripe tomato, already? It’s just 6 am, baby”, he laughed lightly and I rolled my eyes at him. “I want Daxon, Daxon wouldn’t be so mean to be”, I said just to spite him and he stopped laughing immediately.
“Jealous of your own wolf?” I asked between fits of laughter at his face, he looked somewhat mad. I closed the space between us and dropped a kiss on his lips before trying to scramble away.
Keyword: try.
He was faster than me and grabbed my waist, making me shriek with laughter. “You’re going to pay for what you did”, he said before he started tickling me.
I was laughing so hard from the tickling, I almost peed my panties. Suddenly, an image of little me being tickled by an older man while a baby giggled with joy in a woman’s arms from across
the room appeared to me. “Daddy”, the little me shrieked happily.
The scene suddenly changed and it was little me covered in blood, screaming for my parents and little brother. My breathing became laboured as the screaming got louder.
I felt myself being shaken but I couldn’t get out of the memory. I heard Adrian’s voice in a distance and I latched to it to bring myself to the present.
“Hey, hey, you’re okay. I’m here for you. Look at me baby”, his voice became clearer as I calmed down. He looked worried and I hugged him immediately I was calm. It wasn’t until my face touched his top that I realized that I’ve been crying.
“What was that about? Did I trigger a bad memory in you?” He asked and I sighed. “I seriously have no idea what just happened”, I muttered into his chest.
“We’re cancelling the date”, he started, “we can go another time”. I shook my head and sat back on the bed. “No, we’re going on that date”, I argued, “in fact, I’ve picked out the place I want to go. Be ready before 10 am”, I stood up from the bed and made my way to the door.
I was about to open the door when he called out, “where exactly are we going?” He asked in confusion. “Human town”, i answered, opened the door and closed it without looking at his facial expressions.
I needed answers and I was going to get it.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 84
Lola’s POV
“Do you think Serena will give us an answer this time around”, Jasmine asked once I reached my room, “you know how she’s always vague with her answers”.
I sighed as I pulled off my clothes. “At this point, she has to. I’m sick and tired of having no idea what’s going on with me. It makes me want to pull out my hair”. I looked at my beautiful hair in the mirror and that thought vanished. “Or maybe not my hair”.
Jasmine laughed and that calmed me down a bit. I knew what I was going to do and it involved Serena. I went to work out for a while to relieve myself of the stress I was feeling.
I took my time to bathe and pick out the dress I wanted to wear. While I was going to the human town to get answers, I also needed to have fun with my mate, that was the reason the date was planned.
I picked out high waisted ripped blue boyfriend jeans out of the new batch of clothes that Lyla made me shop for the last time we went shopping. My skin was already getting clearer that time so I got a few items. I did not know I was going to be wearing them so soon.
I picked out a sleeveless black crop top with a black knitted crop jacket. I looked so pretty and I twirled for a while in the mirror, loving what I saw. I paired the outfit with a black sneakers and a black leather shoulder bag.
I had already packed my hair in a ponytail and applied minimalist makeup. I checked the time on my phone and it was 10 minutes to 10am. I was about to leave when I realized that my dressing was missing something. I checked in my top drawer and picked a pair of hoops earrings to finish off my look.
I was about to open my door when a knock sounded on it. I opened it to see a hot Adrian standing in front of my door with Jasmine in his hands, again.
He looked mouth watering in his T-shirt that was paired with a cargo pant and a sneakers similar to mine. Strangely enough we were matching, his shirt matched my jean and vice versa. His hair was ruffled but it looked sexy anyways.
“Hi beautiful”, he gave me a heart stopping smile that made my cheeks red. “Back at ya”, I replies shyly. “I’m beautiful?” He teased and I rolled my eyes at him. “You know that’s not what I mean, dumdum”, I made to smack his shoulder but he pulled me into him without crushing the flowers and placed a kiss on my forehead.
“Such a beauty shouldn’t be this feisty”, he murmured in my ear and a shiver went down my spine, making my nipples harden. I chose the wrong day to not wear bra.
I made to pull back from him but he held me in place. “Don’t run from me, my Queen. I want to know everything you’re feeling even though there might be evidence of it”, his eyes lowered to my chest area and that was when I realized that he was talking about my hardened nipples.
I became redder than I originally was and moved back to pull my jacket closer around me. He laughed at me and I gave him a mighty glare before joining him.
“Here, I got you these” he extended the jasmine flowers to me and I gave him a big smile. I loved them the first time he gave them to me and they’re fast becoming my favorite flower.
“You can’t help it, you just have to love jasmine”, Jasmine said in my head and I rolled my eyes at her through our mindlink.” Dumbass”, I retorted.
“I asked if you were ready to go”, Adrian’s voice reached my ear and I nodded enthusiastically. He held my hands and led me out of the house. Rose was in the living room when we passed. I greeted her and she answered before she fi tinued what she was doing.
“Have fun and be careful”, she shouted once we were outside the door and Adrian palmed his face, making me laugh. “See you later, Rose”, I shouted back.
He led me to the car and opened the door for me. I entered after thanking him and he started the car once he was entered the car too.
“Are we going to see Serena first?” He asked and I looked at him in shock. “How did you know I was going to see Serena?” I asked him and he held my hand that was close to his with one hand while keeping the second one on the wheel.
“Baby, you decided on going into the human town after what happened this morning. It was so easy to assume that’s was why you wanted to go there. To get answers from Serena”, he finished. He gave me a small smile before turning his attention back to the road.
Oh. Of course he knew that was the reason already.
“No”, I responded. “No? I thought wrong?” He asked and I shook my head with a smile on my face. “I meant no, we’re not going to see Serena first”.
“Even if she answers me, I doubt it will lift my mood and we planned this date to get to know each other better so no, we’re not going to see Serena first”, i squeezed his hands that was on mine and he squeezed mine back.
“I can’t go against anything my queen says”, he said with a huge grin which resulted in me laughing. “We’re going to have the best day ever”, he said before he stepped on the accelerator, speeding to our destination.
I was going to have a great day with my mate without allowing anything to mess with it. And that was exactly what I did.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 85
Lola’s POV
The ride into the town was silent but comfortable. We did not need to talk to fill the void between us, our silence was peaceful. The only sound in the car was the one coming from the radio that was on.
His hand that was on mine did not leave till we got to the center of the town. We were almost there when my phone dinged. I opened it and it turned out to be Lyla.
“Yo, wanna hang out today? Feels like eternity since we saw your face”, the message read and I smiled. Adrian growled from beside me and I rolled my eyes at him before texting Lyla back.
“I’m out of town with Adrian presently. I’ll let you know when we get back”, I replied to her before switching off my phone. Nothing was going to come in between my mate and I today.
“Who was that?” Adrian asked when I dropped my phone back in my bag. “Jealous, are we?” I teased him and he ground his jaw together making me giggle. I like this Adrian, he gives me butterflies in my belly.
“Of course not. I’m definitely not jealous of anything, I just want to know who you’re speaking to that made you smile”, he grumbled out and I started laughing loudly, making him pout adorably.
“Oh my goddess, you’re so adorable. Of course you’re not jealous, you’re just curious”, I said to him and the tip of his ear became red.
Who knew he was so easy to mess with?
“So who were you talking to?” He asked after a while. “Lyla. She wanted to meet up but I told her I was out of town”, he nodded and concentrated on the road.
“We are here”, he said when we reached the mall I directed him to. He came to open the door for me and held my hand as I got out.
“Where to first, my lady?” He asked with a fake accent, making me burst out laughing. “What’s that accent?” I asked, still laughing and he joined me. We got glances from passers-by but I didn’t care, I was enjoying just being in the presence of my mate.
Just when I was about to answer, my stomach rumbled. I covered my face with my palms and he pulled me away from the car before he closed the door. “I know exactly where we are going”, he said as he pulled me to the mall. “How did I forget to feed you?” He muttered to himself as he kept moving.
“You were too excited for our date”, I said under my breath but his Alpha ears picked it up. He glared at me and I made the motion of zipping up my lips. It’s best not to poke a wolf on a mission.
He found a place for us and went to order food for us. I was amazed when he brought the food. There was so much food and I knew I couldn’t finish half of it. “Why did you get so much when there’s just the two of us?” I asked, still looking at the platter in amazement.
“I did not know what you’d like and you seemed pretty hungry so I got almost everything I saw”, he replied, scratching the back of his neck. “Well, I can’t fit all of these in my tiny body”, I gestured to my body as I spoke and he chuckled.
“It’s a good thing you have me to help you fit it in my body then”, he said as he came to sit beside me, “now, dig in”. I smiled at him before I started eating. The first bite tasted like heaven and I moaned a little.
Adrian let out a groan beside me and I looked at him with a raised brow. “If you keep doing that, I might not be able to keep my promise of taking you only when you’re ready. You’re driving me insane and Daxon is barely holding on”, he whispered huskily into my ears and I involuntarily clenched my thighs.
I cleared my throat and stuffed my face with food to stop the heat from spreading across my face but it was futile and he laughed a little before he started eating too.
After we finished eating, I felt like I was going to burst and had to unbutton my pants. Adrian did not seem to be affected even though he ate the majority of the food. I looked at him in awe and he gave me a boyish smile.
“How are you still functioning?” I asked with labored breathing. Okay, maybe I was exaggerating but I still felt so full and he was the one who forced me to eat so much so I was being a bit dramatic.
“You’re just being dramatic”, he chuckled and I glared at him. “I know what will make you feel okay”, he said and I sat up to hear him. “What’s that?” I asked eagerly.
“I saw a park on our way here. We should go there and check it out. It will be an avenue to get to know what you like and also burn the food you ate”, he said. I clapped excitedly and nodded.
He took my hands and led me out of the food court. As we entered the parking lot, I felt like I was being watched and looked around but I did not see anything out of place. I did not know I had stopped until Adrian tugged on my hand.
“Is anything the matter, baby?” He asked and I shook my head. It’s probably just in my head. I put on a smile and followed after him. 4
Today is all about focusing on my mate and getting to know him, not worrying about things that are out of place.
He drove us to the park and I was amazed by what I saw. The park was filled with a lot of people, they seemed to be having some form of party and the memories of coming here with Mom and Dad sparked in my head, bringing tears to my eyes. I got out of the car before Adrian could open the door for me and we went into the park together.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 86
Lola’s POV
I walked in front eagerly while Adrian followed behind me. I saw this huge ride that called out to me. I tugged on his arm and excitedly pointed to the ride.
“You wanna go on that?”, He asked and I eagerly nodded. “Let’s get you on it then”, he flashed me a smile before grabbing my hand and pulling me towards the booth where we got the tickets.
“Why do you want to go on the ride?” He asked while we waited for the ride to stop so we could get on. “I just feel like I have memories connected to my parents on that ride”, I shrugged.
He nodded and did not say anything after that. The ride came and I happily got on. The ride was fun and it turned out that Adrian was scared of it, he just got on because I wanted to. He screamed out his lungs and was so quick to get down when the ride finally stopped.
While he was trying to get his composure, I was busy laughing at him. Who would have thought rides would make him scared? He glared at me the whole time I was laughing but I did not care at that moment.
After he calmed down, he stood upright and turned towards the large wheel, “I’m never getting on that again”, he mumbled and I covered my mouth so I won’t burst out laughing again.
“I can definitely watch that all day”, I said and he turned to glare at me but I pointed to a candy stand that got my attention.” Ouuuu, that looks good”, I said and turned to look at him with a big smile on my face.
His frown disappeared and he pulled me into him. “You’re right, it sure looks good and I definitely need some sugar after that ride”, he said and I giggled.
I took his hand and pulled him towards the stand. The man at the stand gave us a big smile when we got there. “What can I get the lovebirds?” He asked and I pointed towards one big cotton candy.
“Or would you like to try our couple’s special candy?” He asked and I nodded excitedly. He took different colors of cotton candy and started pouring it bit by bit into the machine while making heart shaped cotton candy with different colors.
I clapped excitedly when he finally gave us the giant heart on two sticks. I shared it into two and gave Adrian one half while I took the other half. I took the first bite and it tasted like heaven, Adrian also seemed to like it. He paid and we moved away from the stand.
“I’m really glad you went on that ride with me despite your fear of it”, I said as we walked around the park. “I’ll do it again if it will make you happy, baby”, he replied and I nodded. “Does that mean you’ll go on it now if I want to go again?” I asked teasingly. “Oh, hell no. Definitely not the ride”, he spoke quickly and I laughed which he soon joined in.
“Were you able to get memories of them on that ride?” He asked after a while. I nodded with a smile, “yeah, I was”.
“For eight years, I gradually lost my memories with them until they became distant. Crescent moon changed that for me. I was able to feel like I belonged somewhere again, I wasn’t treated badly and it has been a good experience for me”, I finished with a sigh.
“And I was just like your old pack until recently”, he sighed sadly and I turned to face him. “You were a jerk, yes, you were a big jerk but you’re also the reason I grew into the girl I am now. I never would have imagined that I would be strong enough to defend myself not to talk of being the moon wolf”, I grabbed his face in the middle of the park and made him look into my eyes.
“What matters now is that you’re here and you’re trying to make up for your mistake and that’s fine by me so stop beating yourself up”, he nodded when I was done speaking.
“And for eight years, I thought I was an only child also. I wonder how I did not know that I had a sibling”, I continued talking and walking in front of him. I stopped when I noticed that he wasn’t following me.
“Adrian?” I moved towards him and shook him a little when I noticed that he was out of it. “What’s the matter?” I asked when he finally snapped out of it.
He led me towards a somewhat quiet place in the park and made us sit there. I did not like the silence that surrounded us, I felt like he was going to give me bad news or tell me something I wouldn’t like.
“I had a younger sister too”, he started and I listened with rapt attention, “she died eight years ago also”, he finished and my heart broke for him.
It must have been hard for him to deal with. At least, I had no idea I had a brother until recently. He knew his sister and it must have been a hard pill to swallow.
“If she were to be alive, she’d be around your age by now”, he said with a sad smile and I hugged him. “She’d have had my head on a plate if she could witness how I treated you, she was very fiery even at her young age”, he laughed at the memory of her.
“What happened to her?” I asked curiously. I never knew he had a sister, nobody in the pack has ever talked about it, not even Lyla and the girls.
“Rogues. She was killed by rogues. A rogue I trusted and believed to be my mate killed her in my stead”, he said and a lone tear rolled down his left eye.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 87
Lola’s POV
My heart broke more when I saw him in tears. Those motherfucking rogues! I pulled him closer and allowed him to rest his head on my chest while he cried. Every moment I saw his shoulder shake from grieving for his lost sister, the rage inside of me grew.
I have to put an end to their menace, they already took a lot from me. Not only did they deprive me of a good life for eight years, I had to go through heartbreak because of their actions. I lost my family and almost lost my mate too.
Jasmine kept growling angrily in my head and the weather suddenly changed. The sky kept rumbling and it looked like it was about to rain. I did not realize Adrian had stopped crying until I felt him rubbing my back to calm me down.
I gradually relaxed and the soothing touch on my back helped calm Jasmine also. “Hey, hey, it’s okay”, Adrian said gently and I hugged him tighter to me.
“That’s why you almost rejected me? Because I came into Crescent moon pack as a rogue?” I asked after he had already raised his head from my body. He nodded before sighing.
“I was such an idiot to believe that she was my mate. She came into the pack battered and beaten and I fell for her the moment I saw her”, he said.
Jasmine growled in my head and threatened to take over but I stopped her. “He fell for someone else on sight but it took a near death experience for him to acknowledge us”, she growled angrily in my head.
“That’s what he’s trying to explain. You have to calm down and allow us to hear him out. We’re trying to make this work, isn’t that rifht” She calmed down and I was able to focus on Adrian that was in front of me.
“I believed she was my mate but Daxon didn’t. I was so sure I felt everything that Mom and Dad said I’d feel whenever I met my mate but Daxon didn’t feel the same. I’d do anything she requested from me because she was my mate, or so I thought”.
“No one liked her, not Ariana, Mom, Dad, nobody liked her and I thought they were all against us because she was a rogue so I became distant from everyone and wouldn’t want to hear anything they wanted to say”, he took a deep breath and I patted his back.
“A month after I met her, she started acting strange but I overlooked it, she was my mate after all”, he continued. “What behaviors?” I asked curiously.
“She’d ask about the circumstances surrounding Ariana’s birth”, ohhhhhh, Ariana is the name of his sister. “She wanted to know everything about her which I found strange but I chalked it up to just wanting to get to know about my family”, he answered sadly.
“Ariana called me one day and said she had something to tell me concerning Ennia but I refused to hear her out. I had been brainwashed into thinking that anyone that had something to say about her did not like her and would try to pull us apart”.
“Daxon warned me repeatedly that he did not feel anything for her as a mate but I was so sure she was my ordained mate. It wasn’t until I held Ariana’s body as she took her last breath that I realized what stupid mistake I had made”, he took a deep breath at this point and I understood that it must be hard for him to talk about the death of his sister.
“How did she die?” I asked. I wanted to know just what was done to such an innocent soul.
“Ennia drove a knife through her heart”, another tear rolled down his face and he rushed to wipe it. “She was caught in the action by Mom and was imprisoned. It was when she was in the dungeon that I came to know about her plans and how I fell right into it”.
“She was sent to kill me as I was the next Alpha King. A witch made it possible for me to feel the mate bond with her but Daxon wasn’t affected. If only I wasn’t so desperate to get a mate, I wouldn’t have lost Ari”, he whispered sadly and I held him closer to my body.
“It’s okay if you want to stop talking about it, Adrian”, I said gently but he shook his head in disagreement. “I have to. I want to explain everything to you, baby”, he muttered and I nodded.
After a while, he continued speaking. “The plan was to abduct Ariana thinking she was the Moon Wolf because the moon wolf was supposedly birthed to a powerful family but it all changed when they found out that the moon wolf was birthed to another pack. Her mission changed from abducting Ariana to killing me”.
“How did she know that you did not have a mate initially?” I asked again. I was really confused at this point. “Everyone in the wolf world knew I was searching for my mate. It wasn’t a private matter, baby”, he answered. 1
“So who sent her? You asked her that much right?” I asked. At least they must have asked that before executing her. “We did but she couldn’t answer”, he answered. “Why?”
“She bled to death before she could answer. Some kind of magic forbade her from telling the truth”, he breathed out.
“That was what spiked my hatred for rogues. They cost me my sister and I was on a rampage for a while. Daxon was out for blood and so was I”, he said.
“That was what made me react the way I did when I found out you were my mate in the dungeon. Even though Daxon said you were my mate, I did not want to believe it”, he finished sadly and I sighed.
I’d have been wary if I were him also. I totally understood where he was coming from.
I stood up and he looked at me quizzically. “We have to leave”, I said and he looked at me in question. “Why?”
“To see Serena”
The earlier I can get answers to my questions, the earlier I’d be able to put these motherfuckers in their place.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 88
Lola’s POV
We did not waste any more time in the park and drove back to the mall. It was already evening by the time we got there and I was starting to think that Serena would have left but her spa was still open when we got there.
She was sitting in the reception sipping tea almost like she was waiting for someone. “Serena”, I called when she did not look up to meet out eyes when we entered.
She sighed and raised her hands towards the heavens like she was thanking them. “Argh, thank the Moon goddess. I almost gave up on waiting for you, what took you so long?” She asked as she got up to meet us.
“Adrian”, she greeted him with a slight bow and he returned with one of his. “Please have a seat. I prepared tea for us, although I almost finished it while waiting for you to get here”, she gestured towards the table I met her resting at.
“I’ll take it that you already know what I came here for”, I said but she ignored and kept filling our cups. “I think it’s still good “, she retorted after taking a sip from the cup, totally ignoring my question.
I marched towards her and she sighed before looking up from what she busied herself with. “Oh dear. You might as well take a seat since you’re near the chair”, she gestured to the chair behind me before she continued filling the cups again.
Adrian came to sit beside me. He put his hand on my leg that was shaking uncontrollably and gave it a squeeze. I smiled at him and he nodded reassuringly at me.
Serena took her time before she came to sit down. I sat up and she smiled warmly at me. “Now, now, Lola. Relax and be comfortable”.
“Serena, I need answers. I’m sure you already know why I’m here, let’s not waste anymore time and go straight to the point”, I started while she took a sip of her tea before she nodded.
“Why am I suddenly having memories of my parents and brother that I didn’t even know existed? Is this related to the war we’re about to fight? What am I supposed to do to fully reach my potential? When exactly is the war going to take place?” I fired rapidly at her.
“Wow, you sure have a lot of questions”, she said, making me roll my eyes. I wasn’t in the mood for all of her jokes. Adrian’s story had further fueled me to do something about the raging psycho that wished to make me his.
“I’ll start from the last question. The time the war will take place solely depends on you and what decisions you make in weeks, months or probably years to come “, she stated and I nodded even though I got more confused.
My decisions? Is there anything relating to this war that doesn’t come back to me being in the center of it all? Adrian must not have noticed my distress because he squeezed my legs again.
“To reach your full potential, it’s pretty simple”, she looked at Adrian as she spoke. “You have to mark each other”, she dropped and it seemed like all the air in the room suddenly vanished. Everywhere was still and we all seemed to hold our breath.
“Adrian, I know you don’t want to agree to that but it’s the only way. The only way forward is gor you to grow stronger together and what other way to do that than marking your mate and becoming one with them”, she looked Adrian in the eye as she spoke. I heard him sigh beside me and it was my turn to squeeze his legs.
“Concerning your parent’s memories and suddenly remembering your brother, it’s a clue to who killed your parents which will in turn lead you to the person that’s out to get you”, she said and then sipped her tea. I waited for her to say more but she kept quiet.
“And what exactly might that clue be?” I asked after a while. “Your old pack”, she replied. “My old pack”, I asked again and she nodded her head.
What has my old pack got to do with my powers? They did not even know I had a wolf. The only reason they treated me badly was because I was the cause of Mom and Dad’s death, right?
“Or was it?” Jasmine asked in my head and I got more confused. Andrew and Natalie couldn’t have been in on all of these right? They were loyal to Mom and Dad, they wouldn’t have done that to them. 1
“Yet, they switched on us the moment they died”, Jasmine argued and I felt rage boiling through me. They’re going to pay dearly if they were ever part of the people that knew about what happened to Mom and Dad.
“I take it that we’re done here”, Serena said before she stood up and with a wave of her hand, the cups on the table disappeared. “Whenever you have any other questions, you can just summon me instead of going through the troubles of coming here”, she said with a slight bow.
Adrian bade her goodbye while I stepped into the already dark night. “Do you still want us to go back tonight or we could just find somewhere to stay”, he said when he came out and stood beside me.
“Let’s just stay around till tomorrow, I might have questions for Serena again in the morning”, I said monotonously and he nodded before leading me towards the car.
We drove around for a while before we found a hotel. We went in and booked a room for both of us. Throughout the whole process, I felt like I was being watched but I spoke it off. It was probably just me being paranoid. 2
When we got to the room, we took turns showering and then slept off in each other’s arms after all. I had a restless sleep that night.
******
Unknown’s POV
“They just went into a room at the hotel”, a voice came in through the receiver and I nodded. “Keep me updated and let me know if there’s a new development”, I ordered before hanging up.
I just need her to reach her full potential. Once she does, She’ll be mine and no one will be able to stop me. With a smile on my face, I continued sipping my rum till I blacked out.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 89
Lola’s POV
I woke up in the early hours of the morning, way before Adrian did and kept thinking of how to get Natalie and Andrew to Crescent moon and find out their role in the death of my parents.
To be candid, I was scared of them. They played an important role is fucking with my self-esteem and person as a whole. If they had not given that order that I should be demoted to an omega, no one would have treated me like trash.
I trashed and turned until the sun rose. I was about to stand up and start lacing when strong hands pulled me closer by my waist and snuggled into me. I felt at peace amd relaxed into his touch.
“What’s got you worried, baby?” He asked huskily and even though my mind was troubled, I still found myself the getting slightly wet. He sniffed the air and smiled against my skin.
I definitely wasn’t slightly wet.
“Your arousal is driving me crazy. Now imagine what it’s taking me to stop Daxon from being naughty with you right now”, I suppressed a moan. I made the mistake of moving closer to him and his morning wood poked me right in the my core.
“You’re making it so hard to not take you right now”, he groaned and slightly moved his lower body away from mine. I whined at the loss of contact and he chuckled slightly.
“Let’s talk about what was bothering you when I woke up. That’s not important right now, baby”, he said while he sat up, taking me with him.
I sighed before speaking. “I need to get in touch with Andrew and Natalie, the Alpha and Luna of my former pack but I don’t know how to go about it”, I confessed.
“We can just go to your former pack and talk to them”, he said but I shook my head vigorously. “Why baby?” He asked when I disagreed with him.
“I’m scared”, I opened up to him. “I don’t want to go back to that pack. The fact that they might be involved in my parent’s death makes me more scared. What if they hurt me again? I don’t ever want to go back there, that pack holds a lot of bad memories for me”, I finished and buried my head in his neck.
Adrian kept quiet for a while but I could hear him grinding his jaw in anger. “Adrian?” I called out when he refused to speak after a while.
“They’ll meet us at the pack. I need to make a call”, he stood up abruptly, picked his phone and went into the bathroom. I tried to listen to his call conversation but he turned on the water, distorting my hearing.
That sly wolf.
He came out a while later, water dripping down his body gloriously and what we discussed before he went into the bathroom vanished completely.
He looked like a Greek god and winked at me when I finally looked up at his face. I might have stared too long at his dick area, I became red with embarrassment when I realised I was caught.
I ran into the bathroom, slamming the door behind me. I took my time to do my routine and left the bathroomto find Adrian already dressed in new clothes while a bag was on the bed beside him.
“We did not shop for anything yesterday so I asked that some be brought for you before we eventually go shopping my queen. I figured you wouldn’t want to wear dirty clothes”, he said and I smiled at him gratefully before entering the bathroom the second time to dress up.
I wasn’t ready to be naked before him, my self control is not that strong.
“Look who turned out to be the horny one”, Jasmine taunted and I would have smacked her if I could. “Oh, please. You can’t deny that he looked so mouthwatering just before”, I argued back. Just thinking about how he looked made me want to go back into the room but I refrained from doing so.
I brought out my clothes hurriedly and got out to meet him sitting at the edge of the bed expectantly.
“We’ll shop for a while before we leave, we should eat first”, he said as he took my hand in his and led me out of the hotel room. We stopped by a restaurant and he ordered food for us. I couldn’t eat a lot so we left after he was done.
After a moment of arguing about shopping for clothes, we entered the car and headed towards our pack. My heart kept beating rapidly in my chest for no particular reason.
I slept off halfway into the journey, only awakened when we reached Crescent moon pack. I stepped out of the car before Adrian could step out to open the door for me, earning me a pout from him.
I was about to open the door when I was hit by scents that evoke rage in me. Jasmine kept growling incessantly in my head and I growled a little too. Adrian held my hands and I calmed down a bit.
I was met with faces I’d rather not see again immediately I opened the door. They had the guts to smile at me and my anger returned tenfolds.
“Lola, we missed you”, Natalie said. I grounded my teeth so hard, it was a miracle they were still there. “Natalie, Andrew”, i acknowledged them.
They looked shocked by the fact that I called them by their names but I didn’t care.
Andrew spoke up, “I found out what Grayson did after you left the pack. I promise that I had no idea what you had to go through”, he said softly and I laughed. I laughed so loud, and they looked at me in awe.
I’m going to kill these lowlifes!
“What do you know about my parent’s death?”, I abruptly asked and the room went into a pin drop silence.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 90
Adrian’s POV
I watched her body shake with rage as she asked the fake people in front of us questions. Everybody looked at them expectantly and they must have realized that their secret has been leaked.
The woman looked pale but the man still maintained a strong front. He laughed tensely before giving a nervous smile. “Wha- what are you talking about, Lola? I treated you like family and loved you like my own daughter. I don’t get where this accusation is coming from. You’re being unreasonable right now”, he said shakily. I could hear how fast his heart was beating and I almost laughed at his pathetic trial.
“I’m so sorry, uncle Andrew. How stupid of me to think that you’d ever do such a thing to me. I must have lost my memories for a little while. Care to juggle my memory?” She said calmly and I saw fears in his eyes before he masked it.
She walked majestically towards an empty chair and sat down while we waited for them to start talking. Daxon made a sound that showed that he was satisfied and proud in my head. I smirked at them before going over to sit beside her. She automatically held my hand and I felt how much she was shaking despite her brave facade and I couldn’t be more proud of her. “If you’d please”, Dad said after a while and he nodded before clearing his throat. He struggled with what to say for a while before Lola cut in.
“I see that you’re having a hard time talking about that incident. It must have been hard on you. Am I right, Aunt Natalie, Uncle Andrew?” She asked and I could see that her rage was already trying to overcome her so I squeezed her hand to calm her down a bit.
The woman wrung her hands together more and looked like she was about to cry but the man nodded.
“The nerves of the sly bastard”, Daxon growled in my head as I resisted the urge to growl out loud. “Yo Daxon, chill out. We need to calm down for Lola. She wants to do this by herself and should be allowed to”, I said but Daxon still wasn’t calming down.
I couldn’t blame him because left to me, I’d have torn them apart the moment I set my eyes on them.
“I’d ask you questions to speed this up, okay?” She said with an air of authority and even dad looked proud of her.
“What happened to Mom and Dad?” She asked with a death glare. The man relaxed and seemed to have everything under control.
“Silly Lola. They were killed by rogues of course. This is a known tragedy in the wolf world”, he replied. And he was right, that was the story everyone in the wolf world knew. It was during the time I lost my sister too so we were not able to look into it. Those bastards planned it well.
“Do I have a younger brother?” His eyes widened in shock at this question and it took him a while to recover. “No, no, of course not. You’re an only child, Lola. How did you come up with these questions?” He said with a nervous laugh but Lola wasn’t having any of it.
The wind around us changed and I knew Jasmine was in charge. They looked terribly terrified of the change in room and Natalie, like Lola identified the woman, started crying.
“Andrew, I’m going to give you another chance to redeem yourself and you better not waste it”, she said, almost intimidating me but I knew it wasn’t directed at me so I relaxed. “Now, I ask again, what happened to my parents?” she asked with venom dripping from her words.
“Lola, I already told you all that happened. I already told you everything, what more do you want me to……”, he wasn’t done with his words when Lola’s hair suddenly started to spark and her eyes glowed brighter than they did the last time. Outside, the earlier sunny weather had changed to a thunderstorm and I was wowed. I have never seen her so angry before.
He was about to talk again when suddenly he was hit with a spark of lightning causing him to cry out in pain. Lola was about to hit him with another one when Natalie began to speak.
“I’d say it. I’d tell you everything you want to know, please stop”, she wailed and pleaded but Lola was still glowing and breathing really hard.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay baby. We need them alive to be able to question them, remember?” I cooed to her and that was when she eventually calmed down.
“Speak!” She commanded, her voice echoing throughout the entire room. “What about him?” Natalie asked, pointing to her husband that was writhing in pain. “He caused me pain for eight years, he should be able to withstand that for as long as your narration takes. If you don’t want to be like him, I suggest you start speaking now”, she said before she took her seat.
Natalie looked at her mate before she started speaking. “Yes, yes, we know about the death of your parents”, she sobbed out and I felt Lola stiffen with anger beside me. “And yes, you had a brother. He died alongside your parents in the rogue incident “, she confessed.
From the corner of my eyes, I saw Mom cover her mouth with her hands and Dad was rigid with rage. “How old was he? Why wasn’t he spared? Why, why did you do it?” Lola’s voice broke towards the end and I knew she was on the verge of breaking down.
“He, he was j-just si-six months”, she stammered out and the only thing that stood between her and death was that we needed to hear her confession. “You aided in the death of a six month old?” Mom asked. I did not need to look at her to know that she was crying already.
“If he had been spared, our secrets would have been leaked”, she sobbed harder. Lola started crying beside me and I held her to my chest.
These motherfuckers will pay dearly. I promise.
“I’m sorry, Lola. I’m so sorry. We’d have been killed, all of us would have been wiped out”, she kept repeating. “Why? Why did you do that? Mom treated you like a sister and that was all you could do?” She screamed in anger with tears streaming down her cheeks and my heart broke for her.
“We were threatened, Lola. There was nothing we could do. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry”, she kept crying.
“Who? Who threatened you?” Dad asked and we all listened carefully to hear her.
“Elias. It was Elias Stone, the king of rogues”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 91
Lola’s POV
Elias who? What’s going on?
I looked at everyone’s faces and they looked genuinely shocked. I was thoroughly confused and everyone seemed to know this Elias guy except me.
“Who’s Elias?” I asked when it looked like no one was going to talk. “He was the rogue King”, Natalie managed to say from her position on the floor where she sat beside her husband who was still writhing in pain.
I need to find out why werewolves seemed to not heal from pains inflicted by me, but that would be another day. Right now, I need to find out who Elias is and how we can track this person down.
“Where can we find this Elias guy?” I asked with rage burning in my veins. “Elias is dead, sweetie”, Rose said from where she was seated, “or so we heard”.
“Because if he’s dead, who would still be looking for the Moon Wolf?” Jayden inputted his own opinion. I sighed and put my head in my hands.
This just keeps leading to a dead end.
“Before this goes on, I need to know what exactly happened to Mom and Dad and why I can’t seem to remember memories from that day”, I said and Natalie began sobbing again, making me roll my eyes.
“It’s Drew that knows everything about it, he just let me in on some things because I would be part of the plan. He needs to be healed before we can get to the root of this”, she kept crying as she spoke.
I contemplated making him suffer a little more but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it, I wasn’t built like that. I made to stand up but Adrian stopped me. “I should help him if I want to get to the root of this as soon as I can”, I told him and he nodded.
I moved closer to where he laid but Natalie looked wary which made me roll my eyes. “I’m not trying to hurt your dear mate, so allow me to do my thing”, I snapped at her.
I could have killed him immediately or had him jailed if I wanted to. If they had treated me right, she wouldn’t be worried about anything right now.
She shifted for me to kneel beside him and since I did not know where exactly the pain was coming from, I placed my hand over his heart and felt the familiar feeling I felt when I healed Adrian rush through me.
When I finally healed me, everyone looked at me in surprise and that was when I realized that Jayden and Rose did not know that I have powers already.
Oops, I totally forgot.
“Wh-what was t-tha-t?” Natalie stammered out. I ignored her and went to sit beside Adrian, who hugged me to his side. “You were awesome just now”, he whispered into my ears and I might have turned a light shade of red.
I turned to look at Rose and she gave me a look that said “we’ll talk later”. We all looked towards Andrew that could now move on his own. He looked amazed and so did Natalie.
“I bet they regret their actions now. Those sorry excuses for humans”, Jasmine seethed in my head. “I bet they’ve been regretting it since they set their eyes on me”, I replied to her.
“So, he’s healed now. Shouldn’t he start speaking?” Adrian spoke up from beside me. Natalie poked him to start talking and Andrew cleared his throat before talking.
“Ryan and Lillian really died by rogues but it was a planned attack”, he bowed his head in shame as he started speaking. Yes, you should be ashamed, you motherfucking traitor, I thought as I clenched and unclenched my fingers.
“Elias had come to make a deal with Ryan and I was there. He wanted to confirm the circumstances surrounding Lola’s birth. He suspected that the moon wolf must have been born to them since it wasn’t the daughter of the Alpha King, I did not know how he found that out”, he said.
“He wanted the moon wolf to himself once she comes of age and finds her mate but Ryan disagreed. He wasn’t going to let his precious daughter be taken away by a rogue which I totally agreed with. But it started getting serious and I got anxious”, he stopped to catch his breath at that point.
“How? What happened?” I asked him impatiently. “He started killing pack members. Everyday, we’d find a pack member dead with a note threatening to kill us all if we did not give him what he wanted. I tried to reason with Ryan to agree till we find a permanent solution to the killings but he wouldn’t budge”, he narrated.
“I implored him to ask for help but he wouldn’t either. If he asked for help, he’d have to reveal the reason behind the killings and everyone would know that his daughter is the moon wolf. I got angry that he was protecting just one person at the expense of all of us so I met up with Elias to make a deal”.
“He wanted me to get rid of Ryan and Lilian and make sure I keep Lola till she finds her mate and grows into her power in exchange for the Alpha position of the pack and promise to never disturb my pack”, he finished.
I did not know I was crying until Adrian wiped my cheeks. “Why Mom and my little brother? They couldn’t have been spared? ” I asked through my tears and anger.
“Lilian would have wanted to find out what caused the death of her mate so she had to be taken care of too. Your brother’s death wasn’t planned but it happened also. I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry, Lola”, he pleaded but I wasn’t having any of it.
“You did such a heinous crime and still blamed me for their death? You stripped me of my Alpha title and made me the pack servant for eight years and you’re sorry? You ruined my whole life and still made me feel like a failure for the rest of my life and you’re sorry?” I shouted with tears running down my cheeks.
Adrian held me to his body and kept rubbing my back as I kept on crying. It was too much for me to handle, I couldn’t wrap my head properly around all the information that I just heard.
“And my memories, what did you do to my memories?” I asked after a while. “We had to erase them because it was causing some controversies in the pack and you also saw Elias’ face”, he answered.
I stood up and made my way towards the stairs. I turned towards Jayden and said what I’ve wanted to do to them since the moment I saw them inside the house.
“Please, have them locked up in the dungeon till I decide what I’ll do with them”, and with that, I left towards my room.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 92
Lola’s POV
I did not wait to listen to what anyone had to say after I said what I said. I walked up the stairs and went straight into Adrian’s room. I think I might have gotten used to going into his room.
I sat on the bed staring into space when Adrian came in. “Are you okay, baby?” He asked as he came to sit beside me. I met his gaze and broke into tears again.
He held me closer and whispered sweet nothings into my ear. “It’s okay baby, let it out”, he said in between his whispering and I cried till I soaked through his shirt with my tears.
When I finally stopped crying, he passed me tissue papers from his nightstand so that I could blow my already clogged nose. I wanted to ask him why he had tissues on his bed stand but I refrained from doing so.
“Good call, girl. You surely don’t want to know what the tissues are used for” Jasmine said and I became redder than I was already.
“Do you think I shouldn’t have asked them to be imprisoned? I should be focused on getting to the root of this matter but I really want to see them beg for mercy now. Does that make me a bad person?” I hiccuped.
“No, not at all, baby”, he consoled me. “Are you sure?” I asked. I wasn’t going to be a weak person but I needed validation from my mate. To be honest, I was tired of bearing my burden myself, I need someone to always vent and rant to without being judged.
“Of course,I’m sure. You’re one of the most amazing people I know and that’s what makes you special to others”, he started.” A lot of people can’t go through what you went through and still be pure and as amazing as you are”, he pulled my face up to look at him.
“Left to me, I’d have their head on a pole and hang it at the pack boundary for everyone to see what happens when they touch my mate”, he gritted out. Jasmine whimpered in my head, “so sexy, so mine”. I blocked her out and focused on the fine specimen in front of me.
“I know you do not wish any harm to come to them”, he said and I was about to tell him how wrong he was but he shushed me, “nuh-uh, I know what I’m saying. You’re this way because you just heard what happened to your parents and brother. Once you sleep over it, you’re going to find an excuse to not have them punished”, he said and I sighed.
He was right. I’d look for a way to just let them go. “You’re right, am I that predictable?” I asked and he smiled. “You just have a pure heart and an amazing soul. Anyone that takes that for granted is to be blamed, not you”, he said with so much emotion.
I did not think twice before I pulled him into a kiss, a fiery passionate kiss. Our tongues danced against each other with the fluidness of a professional ballerina, fighting for dominance which Adrian’s won of course, I didn’t know why I even tried.
He pulled me closer and I kept moving until I was straddling him. I pulled at his hair, eliciting a sound that seemed to be between a moan and a groan from him. He did not pull back from the kiss so I continued tugging at his hair.
His hand left the back of my head where it was and wandered to my ass, squeezing and kneading until I felt the sweatpants I had on getting soaked. He placed one hand on my waist and pulled me impossibly closer, making my wet core come in contact with his clothed hardened dick.
I couldn’t hold it in and let out a loud moan of pleasure. I suddenly stopped moving and looked into his eyes to find lust and admiration swirling through them. His hair was disheveled and his lips looked swollen. His lips were slightly parted and that just added to his hotness.
I was suddenly overcome by desires and smirked at him before I did what was on my mind. I looked at him seductively, slightly biting my lower lip before running my tongue over it.
He started panting slightly and his hard dick became harder and was directly against my clit. I reined in the sound that was threatening to burst out of my lips.
Without breaking eye contact, I took off my shirt and my boobs bounced out, making him widen his eyes like he’d never seen titties before. I couldn’t blame him, they had grown bigger since the last time we had physical contact.
“Holy goddess”, he breathed out, slightly panting. “You look so gorgeous and sexy, baby”, he said before holding the right one in his left hand while he sucked the second one into his mouth.
I couldn’t stop the way my body reacted to him and suddenly started rubbing my clothed pussy against his clothed dick. The more he sucked on my boobs, the more I rubbed myself against him till I felt like I was going to combust from inside.
“Adrian”, I called out shakily and he looked up at me. He raised his head from my boobs and pulled my head down to place a chaste kiss on my lips.
He took my earlobe into his mouth and whispered sweet nothings into my ears pushing me towards the edge without giving me what I wanted.
He buried his face in my neck and kissed the point where my shoulder and neck met, sending a shudder through me. “Found it “, he whispered.
Just then, he pierced my skin with his teeth at the same time I felt myself explode. As I came down from my high, he held me closer to his body and repeatedly said how sorry he was.
I wanted to ask him what happened but I kept getting pulled under by the darkness. Just before I completely went under, I heard the words I’ve waited for for eight years.
“I love you, Lola”, and darkness took over.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 93
Lola’s POV
I woke up confused. It was nighttime outside and I sat up just to be pushed onto the bed again. I looked to where the push came from and it was Adrian, looking at me with a big smile.
He seemed so happy and while I was glad to see his smile, I was confused as to what was making him smile so widely. “You. You’re the reason behind the smile”, a familiar voice said in my head. I shrieked and buried my head into Adrian’s chest.
“What’s the matter, baby? You look like you just saw a ghost”, he said as he rubbed my hair and I nodded. “I hear a voice that doesn’t belong to Jasmine in my head and it seems to hear my thoughts too”, I whispered. “A voice?” He asked again and I
nodded.
“Too bad, there’s nothing you can do about it”, the voice said again and I almost entered Adrian. He suddenly started laughing and I looked at him bewildered.
Does he think I’m lying? Why was he laughing? Is something wrong with me? I looked at him with a glare and he just continued laughing which made my blood boil.
I was about to ask him what was so funny when his laughter died down and he pulled me closer to place a soft kiss on my forehead. “I’m so amazed you did not know my voice”, he said at the same time his voice sounded in my head, “you hurt me, baby”.
I looked at him in amazement and smiled before it suddenly turned into a frown. “You tricked me”, I huffed before crossing my hands over my chest. He laughed again and a smile crossed my face but I held it in.
“Hey, I’m sorry, okay? You’re just easy to mess with”, he said in between laughs and I finally allowed myself to smile. “Does that mean we’re mated?” I asked after a while.
“Not fully mated but were joined now. I can feel your thoughts and emotions but it will become stronger when we finish the mating process”, he replied.
“Oh”, I replied, even though I did not understand anything he meant. “You don’t understand, do you?” He asked and I turned a light shade of red from being caught.
“We can feel each other’s emotions and hear each other’s thoughts but we’re not fully united as one”, he explained but I still wasn’t getting it. “Oh, okay. So how do we complete the mate bond? Can we do that now?” I asked eagerly.
I felt so complete and full of life and if I was just feeling part of what I’m supposed to feel normally in this stage, I wanna feel everything a hundred percent.
I looked up at him eagerly and watched his eyes filled with desire and hunger, and he wasn’t hungry for food, the tent in his already changed sweatpants was a testament to what my question caused. I looked at my body and saw that I had been changed too.
I looked away from him but he held my jaw and made me look at him. I could feel myself getting soaked again. Oh, come on!
He pulled me such that my back was against his chest and caressed my hands which made me throw my head back on his shoulder in pleasure.
“The mating process will be completed once you mark me too”, he said gently. “We should do it now then, you can teach me all that I need to know and how to go about it”, i said lazily, far too gone in his touch.
“Let me repeat that, my queen”, he said with hints of laughter in his voice, “the mating bond will be completed when you mark me while you orgasm on my pulsing dick”, he finished and my eyes shot open.
“Adriannnnn”, I whined and he chuckled lowly. “You asked, baby. Is it a crime to answer you accordingly?” He chuckled and I glared at him. “So if you’re not ready to beg for mercy, the completion of the mating bond will have to wait”, he said softly and I felt like my face was about to burst from how hot it felt. I was about to open my mouth when my stomach growled.
“That wasn’t me”, I quickly said and he laughed loudly. “Yeah, yeah, it definitely wasn’t you. Let’s get you something to eat”, with that, he scooped me into his arms and went out of the room. He placed me on a kitchen stool while he whipped up something to eat.
He must have forgotten that he wasn’t wearing a shirt when he brought me downstairs. His bare back contracted as he moved with ease around the kitchen. Jasmine purred in my head and I almost laughed.
“Our mate is so fineeee”, she purred and I nodded in agreement. “I can’t wait to complete the mating process and make him all mine”, she remarked. “Jasmineeeeee, I’m not ready for that yet”, I pouted in my head.
“I’ll wait till whenever you’re ready, baby. No pressure”, Adrian’s voice suddenly reached my ear and I shrieked. “Stop listening to my thoughts and conversations”, I glared and that man had the guts to shrug his shoulder at me.
“I’ve always been wanting to know what goes on in that pretty head of yours and you did not block me, how was I supposed to stop listening”, he said with a mischievous look in his eyes. “Is that why I can’t hear your thoughts? You blocked me out?” I asked and he nodded.
That sly Alpha.
“Baby, you don’t want to know what goes on in my head. You’ll be permanently red”, he said and I became red making him laugh. He placed a plate containing a sandwich in front of me and my stomach growled again. “Yup, you should definitely eat “, he placed a kiss on my forehead before taking a seat.
Not giving much thought tnwhat he said earlier, I dug into the food and light have moaned a little on the first bite. “Baby, you have to stop doing that to me. I’m barely holding on”, he said, his voice lower and huskier and I gulped. “It’s not my fault you made the food taste so good”, I retorted before I continued eating.
He did not eat because he had dinner already. I asked him where Rose and Jayden were and he said they were probably asleep. We both cleaned up the plates and prepared to head back to bed together.
I was already thinking it might be a bad idea to sleep together, I did not know if I was going to be able to control myself. Adrian let out a string of curses beside me and I looked at him in worry.
“Is anything the matter?” I placed a hand on his chest to calm him down a bit. After taking a few deep breaths, he spoke, ” Another body was found at the pack border”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 94
Lola’s POV
Not again. This psychopath is really messing with me.
“You should go upstairs and rest, baby”, Adrian said and I looked at him like he’s grown another head. “Is he fucking with us right now?” Jasmine asked. “He must have forgotten why this is happening”, I replied to her.
“I should go upstairs?”I asked him incredulously and he nodded unsurely. “You’ve got to be kidding me, Adrian. Should I remind you why all these is happening again?” I asked, my voice rising with every word.
“It’s already late and it might be a trap. I don’t want you to……”, I cut him off. “One word, Adrian. I dare you to say one more word”, he looked taken aback by my words and just kept looking at me in silence.
“If you’ve forgotten why all these keep happening, should I juggle your memory? Right now is not the time to be sentimental. People are dying, people you are supposed to rule over, that WE are supposed to rule over are dying because a motherfucking psychopath wants me and you think now is the time to be protective over the one that’s supposed to protect everyone?” I spat in his direction and he kept mute.
“Are you going to stand there or are you going to put on some clothes so we can leave?” That question seemed to pull him out of the trance he was and he broke into a smile.
I raised my eyebrow in question and he pulled me into a hug. “That was amazing, baby. You radiated so much power and I could not help getting turned on”, he said after he pulled back and gave me a boyish grin.
“I’ll just put a shirt on then we can go, tomato cheeks”, he said and went towards the stairs, leading to our room. Oops, I just said our room. I kinda like the sound of it.
It did not take long before Adrian came back with a shirt on, not that it made him less sexy. He held my hand and we left the house.
Before we got to the place where the body was found, I already smelled the scent that supposedly accompanied the rogues. “Adrian?” I called out to him. “Yes, baby”, he stopped in his tracks and turned to look at me. “It’s the same smell. And it’s stronger this time around”, I said low enough for only his ears. “Can you lead me in the direction where you sense it’s the strongest.
I nodded and led him away from where the warriors stood. They all looked at us in confusion but Adrian did not pay attention to them. Nathan followed behind us, probably wondering why we were wandering when there was a body to check out.
Suddenly, I heard Nathan shout, “Adrian, to your left”. Without thinking about my next action, I pointed my hand in the direction Nathan shouted and a cry of pain was heard later.
I had released lightning on the intruder without thinking, my mate’s safety was the most important thing then. A couple of warriors ran over to the writhing body while Adrian shielded me with his body.
I rolled my eyes at him and Jasmine laughed in my head. “You’d think he will realize that we can handle ourselves given the fact that we just took down a rogue”, she said with a soft laugh and I agreed with her. “I swear he acts like he has amnesia sometimes”, I replied to her.
“I can hear your thoughts and conversations, baby. Careful what you say or there might be consequences”, I heard his voice in my head and suddenly put up my wall. Oopsies.
“Take him to the dungeon and await me”, he barked at the warrior and they all bowed to him before they left with the rogue that was still in pain. “What if he dies before we reach the dungeon?” I asked as he was being taken away, “should I just heal him?”
“He should be able to survive it”, he replied. “Wait, we? What do you mean we?” He asked and I rolled my eyes at him for the nth time that night. I swear my eyes might become permanently glued in the eye roll motion with the way I roll my eyes around this man.
“Yes, we. We, as in, you and I. Try to keep up, Adrian”, I said. Nathan laughed behind us but covered it with a cough. “Lola, the dungeon is not somewhere you should be, try to understand me”.
“Do I need to remind you that that was where I spent my first night or two when I arrived in this pack?” I countered with my hand on my waist and that was what it took to shut him up.
And that’s how you win an argument, ladies.
We went to the pack member’s body and it was the same manner of death as the first one. He was stabbed in the neck before his heart got carved out. The heart was placed in a box with a note saying; “I see you’re already getting close to uncovering this. I can’t wait till you are mine, love”.
A shudder ran down my spine after reading the letter but I did but allow it to show on my face. I did not want to give Adrian any excuse to make me sit out going to the dungeon.
We soon left for the dungeon again after a thorough check of the area was done and it was found clear. My heart was beating rapidly as we walked to the dungeon.
I felt Adrian trying to talk through our mindlink and put down my wall. “I can hear your rapid heartbeat, it’s not too late for us to go back, baby”, he said tenderly but I was obstinate. I put up my wall after declining and we moved forward.
The air around the dungeon was heavy with despair and anguish. I took a deep breath as we entered. We had not gone far when I sighted Andrew and Natalie but I did not get to look at them for long because Adrian blocked my view.
“You don’t need to feel bad for them. They’re getting a taste of their own medicine”, his voice rang in my head and I sighed deeply. “Were they at least given food?” I asked. I just couldn’t ignore them, they were good people at some points in my life. ” I’ll see to it in the morning”, Adrian assured me and I nodded slightly.
We got to the cell at the last end of the dungeon and the rogue was there, still writhing in pain. He looked up when he heard us enter and his face lit up when he saw me even though he was in pain.
“I s-see th-the re-e-as-on he wou-wouldn’t st-stop loo-looking for y-you”, he managed to breathe out through his pain. ” Yo-you loo-look so gorg-ge-geous”, he smiled as he spoke and Adrian growled loudly but I held him back.
“Who’s looking for me?” I asked him and he looked me straight in the eyes, “woul-wouldn’t yo-you 1-1-love to kn-know”, he said before groaning in pain.
This is going to be a long night.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 95
Lola’s POV
Jasmine was starting to get annoyed and wanted to be let out but I reined her in. I need to hear what he has to say before any other step can be taken.
“You’ll need to calm down so we can get any information he might have for us out of him, Adrian. He’s just trying to rile you up so stop growling and let’s concentrate on the matter at hand”, I snapped at him when he kept growling at the rogue who kept laughing at him through his pain.
“Yes, I’d like to know who you’re talking about so why don’t you tell us and we’d spare your life”, I told him. “I’d have loved to tell you but I wouldn’t survive anyway so I’ll carry it to my grave”, he groaned.
Thinking he was talking about his pain, I moved towards him a bit and Adrian followed closely behind me. “If it’s about the injury, I can heal it. You’ll be fine eventually, I just need you to answer some questions I’ll ask you”, I said gently.
“You’re so thoughtful but I’m going to die either way”, he muttered. Adrian pulled me back from him and shielded my body with his huge frame.
“Adrian”, I started but he cut me off. “That’s enough, Lola”, he growled out. “You shouldn’t be here in the first place. Nathan, see her out”, he ordered.
“Oh, no. He’s joking if he thinks he’s going to go all Alpha mode on me right now”, Jasmine said and took over my body before I could react.
“You’ll not tell me what to do in this situation, Adrian”, her voice boomed and everyone was shocked. Even the warriors looked taken aback but no one dared to speak.
“Jasmine”, Adrian called out but she held a hand up to silence him. “Enough, Adrian. I think I can handle the situation pretty well and let’s not forget that I can protect myself if the need arises. Do you need any more proof?” She pointed towards the rogue that was writhing in pain and Adrian relaxed a bit.
Argh, I just want to sleep in my mate’s arms, not argue inside a cell.
“What were you doing in the pack and how did you get in?” Jasmine asked the rogue directly, completely ignoring Adrian.” Like he-hell I’d t-tell y-you-u, Jasmine”, he said mockingly and I could feel the rage building up inside of her. I mentally facepalmed at the back of Jasmine’s mind that I was.
“Jasmine, being forceful wouldn’t make him speak. He already knows he’s going to die, we need him if we’re going to move forward”, I tried reasoning with her. “Allow me to be in control. I can handle this, please”, I pleaded and that was when she finally allowed me to take control back.
“We’d make sure you’re safe, you need to help us for us to help you”, I tried reasoning with the still writhing rogue and saw the look in his eyes shift from being obstinate to trying to reason with me.
“I wanted to see what exactly the moon wolf he had been looking for looked like, so I hid in the trees after everyone left”, he breathed out.
“Who? Who exactly is looking for her?” Adrian asked from behind me and I turned to give him a glare. “Can you just allow me to handle this?” I pleaded through our mindlink. He ran his hands through his hair before he started pacing up and down the cell.
“How come no one was able to spot you?” I asked again, crouching to his level. “Wi-witch”, he barely managed to cough out, “we have a powerful witch on our side and she helps us to mask our scents when we are going into other people’s territories”, he said, his voice dropping with every word. Thank goddess for werewolf hearing “Who? Who exactly is looking for me?” I asked him, hoping we’d be able to get something out of the whole situation. “I can’t say”, he wheezed.
“Why?” My patience was already running thin and Jasmine was on edge. She was more affected by this whole thing because a wolf feels more connection to its people than the human side.
“I wouldn’t be able to mention his name anyways”, I was wondering what he meant by that when he spoke up again. “But I can say this much” he breathed, “there’s a traitor amongst you. Very close to you”, he said. His breathing was getting more laboured and I started pitying him.
“I’m going to cure you now. You look like you’re in so much pain”, I made to put his hand over his body but he stopped me. “I really appreciate you trying to save me but I wasn’t going to make it anyways. If anything, I’m glad it’s happening in a pack”, I became more confused at his words.
“We were made to believe that all pack members are evil, egoistic people, which was true in my old pack but you’ve proven me wrong”, he gave me a weak smile. “I’m glad I got to meet the moon wolf before I died”, he said and I felt broken.
Just what has these psychopath done to get people to follow him?
“I know you keep saying you can’t say it but can you please tell me the name of the person in question and where they can be found?”
With a resigned look in his eyes, he opened his mouth to speak but an unexpected thing happened. It happened so fast and I wasn’t able to do anything about it.
The rogue burst open and his insides splattered everywhere. Since I was beside him, I got his remains all over me. My whole body was covered in bits of the human body and I just sat down in it.
I was numb. I did not know how I got home, I did not know I got changed and cleaned. I couldn’t sleep through the night, the image of his remains was stuck in my head and I couldn’t get it out.
I did not cry, I did not sleep, I was wide awake while grieving the death of my kind that had been misled. If only we got his name, another life wouldn’t have been wasted over a dead end.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 96
Adrian’s POV
Three days! It’s been three days since that incident happened and she had been numb. She barely ate, she barely slept, she barely spoke to anyone which frightened me, to be very honest.
It was my fault for allowing her to get closer to the rogue. If I had stood my ground and told her that she couldn’t follow me into the dungeon, she wouldn’t have witnessed what she did.
I had forgotten what happened when Ennia wanted to confess eight years ago. It wasn’t that gory so imagine my shock when I saw human remains splattered all over my beloved mate.
I should have refused to allow her into the dungeon with me. She seemed to be a shadow of herself. Even when Lyla and the check girls came to check up on her, she was still the same and I did not know what else to do about the situation.
Mom was always checking up on her whenever I had to go do something important and couldn’t stay by her side. Daxon was speaking to Jasmine because she wasn’t affected by the whole incident. Only Lola was affected and I was starting to take out the frustration in everyone else.
This morning, Dad ordered me to go work out instead of sitting around her, waiting for her to give a positive response. I had to be held down by 5 warriors when I almost beat my sparring partner to a pulp. I did not even realize I was hurting him until I was held back.
Nathan dragged me to a deserted area and gave me a bottle of water to calm down before he started speaking.
“Not to be rude, Adrian, but what the fuck do you think you’re doing? You could have killed Dennis if no one had held you back “, he started, “I know that you’re being affected by what’s going on with Lola but you need to get a motherfucking grip”, he said.
I sighed before running my hands through my hair in distress. “You’re not going to understand, man. I was just getting to know her and it breaks my heart to see her so…….well, so docile and useless”, I said before sliding down the wall that I was leaning on.
“The pack doctor said she’s fine and would return to her normal state in about 2-3 days. You should know by now that she’s a strong woman that can pull through anything”, he said before sitting down beside me.
“I don’t know, Nathan. Even Jasmine can’t communicate with her, her mind is blank and it just like she’s an empty shell. I’m slowly losing it, I don’t know how much more I can take before I go on a killing spree”, I lamented.
“You’re losing it already, you’re not on the road to that”, he said and I glared at him. It clearly wasn’t a time to joke around. ” You know, we’ve all been so focused on Lola, we forgot a very vital information we got from our questioning with the rogue” he spoke up beside me after a while and I turned to look at him.
“What might that be? I don’t remember that rogue talking about anything important”, I said. “He definitely said there was a traitor in our midst and we’ve got to be careful”, he said as that was when I remembered that he actually said so.
I had been so focused on Lola, I totally forgot about that little vital information.
“Fuck! I totally forgot about that. We should inform Dad and probably hold a meeting about it”, I said before standing up from where I sat.
“Adrian?” The angelic voice that belongs to no else other than my mate rang in my head and I froze for a while. Everything went silent after that and I felt that I was hallucinating. It’s been 3 days I heard her voice so I must have made it up.
“Adrian”, the voice spoke again, more clearer this time around. “Baby?” I asked just to be sure I wasn’t hallucinating. “I need you, Adrian”, her shaky voice came through and my heart broke more.
I did not wait to talk to Nathan before I changed into my wolf form and dashed towards the house. I did not bother to change into my human form before I bound up the stairs towards my room where I left her in the morning.
I changed at my door and opened the door to find her curled up on the bed, her body violently shaking from crying. I was sad and happy at the same time. I was happy that she was finally doing something other than being numb, but I was sad because I couldn’t stand seeing her in tears.
I rushed towards her, forgetting the fact that I was naked. I pulled her into my chest as she kept sobbing. “Hey, hey, it’s okay, baby. I’m here now”, I cooed to her like a baby as I rubbed her back. “It’s okay, it’s okay, you’re okay now”, i whispered gently into her ear.
“Is, is he really dead?” she asked and even though I knew what she was talking about right away, I decided not to answer. I couldn’t bare the thought of her relapsing again.
She raised her head up to look at me and I finally saw life in her eyes. Her tear stricken face looked so beautiful. “It was all a dream right? The rogue is still waiting to be questioned in the dungeon, right?” She looked at me with hopeful eyes which changed when I shook my head.
“Oh my goddess, I should have listened to you”, she cried. “,I should have gone back when you asked. He wouldn’t have died if I hadn’t questioned him. I’m the worst”, she cried bitterly and I held her close to me.
“He was manipulated. If he had found a good pack like this when his pack failed him, he wouldn’t have followed that psychopath”, she continued crying while I just held her.
As I kept holding her crying body, I knew that I had to do something and I had to do it fast.
No one gets to hurt my mate like this and go scot free.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 97
Lola’s POV
After crying for what seems like infinity, I stopped crying and slowly lifted my body from his to find him stark naked. I gasped and my face turned red before I looked away from him.
“Adriannnnn”, I squealed, “why are you not wearing any clothes”, I asked him as I covered my face with my hands. Through the hole in my fingers, I peeped to see him look at his bare body before he facepalmed.
He stood up, walked into his closet and came back after a while dressed in a sweatpant and tank top that hugged his body perfectly.
He took a seat beside me and lifted me to sit on his laps again. “Why were you naked?” I asked him after a moment of silence.” I’m sorry, I did not mean to startle you. I ran here in my wolf form immediately I heard your voice in my head. I wasn’t really thinking. Daxon either”, he explained and I felt bad.
I wrapped my hands around his neck and cuddled closer of him. “I’m sorry for worrying you, I really am”, I whispered and he nodded. “It’s fine, my queen. It was my fault for allowing you into the dungeon. I should have stood my ground”, he said but I shook my head.
“I remembered being pretty adamant. I thought I could handle it but I was wrong. Next time, I’ll just let you do the hardwork while I wait to be updated on what’s going on”, I said into his neck and his whole body vibrated with laughter. 1
“Anything my queen wants, my queen gets”, he dropped a kiss on my forehead afterwards. “Let’s get you fed, yeah? You’ve barely eaten for 3 days” he stood up with me in his arms and walked downstairs.
He had barely sat me down when Rose came running down the stairs. “I thought I heard Lola’s voice as you came down the stairs”, she said as she reached the base of the stairs.
“Hi, Rose”, I greeted from the kitchen and she ran into the kitchen. She paused when she saw me and I stood I to greet her.” Hi, Rose”, I said again and she teared up.
Her tiny frame hugged me tightly and I was moved to tears. “Don’t ever do that again. In fact, I forbid you from doing anything pack related. You keep giving me heart attacks every full moon”, she said sternly after moving back from me.
“I can’t totally cut off pack matters, I happen to be the next Luna of the wolf world”, I said with a grin. She sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose. “Fine. But you have to be careful. I can’t have you getting hurt at every turn, I might grow old faster than I should because of you, young lady”, she said dramatically and Adrian laughed from behind us.
“Mom, she has to eat before you attack her like that”, he spoke and Rose pouted like a child. I swear those two are alike in every way. “She barely ate for 3 days, would you want her to pass out again?” He asked her and she quickly nodded her head before turning back the way she came from.
“Finally! Good to have you back, human”, Jasmine spoke through our mindlink, making me smile. “Missed me?” I asked her and felt her roll her eyes. “Like hell I did. I did not miss you one bit”, she said but I did not believe a word.
“Don’t ever do that again, Lola. I was worried”, she said gently and I sighed. “To be very honest, I don’t know why I acted like that. In all my years of hardship, I never thought there are people who had it worse than me, after all, there’s nothing as shameful and hurtful as being the omega of the pack”, I said, “but knowing that that life was lost because he did not get the love of a true pack shook me. It could have been us. We were in that same situation but we managed to find the perfect place for us with our mate. It was quite a lot for me, I think my body did the shutdown to avoid breaking”, I finished with a sigh.
“You should eat, baby”, Adrian’s voice reached my ear as he placed a plate filled with lots of food in front of me. “Oh, wow. When did you whip up all of this?” I exclaimed. I did not expect him to do that much in a little time.
Awww. I have the best mate ever.
I ate hungrily. I did not know I was so hungry until I took the first bite. I can swear that I’ve never eaten as much as I did since I was birthed. I patted my stomach and placed my head on the counter.
“Oh goddess”, I groaned out, “I feel so full”. “Do you want me to get you another plate”, Adrian asked and I looked at him sharply with a death glare. “I’m pretty sure I said that I was full”, i squinted my eyes at him and he held up his hands in surrender.
“Oops, I just have heard wrong”, he said innocently before laughing. He looked so happy so I let him off the hook. “I’ll get you one day”, I told him but he brushed me off, carried my plate and went to wash the plates.
I made to get up to help him when he spoke again. “Sit your pretty ass down, baby. I can handle this myself”. “Yeah, yeah”, I mocked him before sitting down again. Watching him do basic things in the kitchen gladdened my heart.
I don’t ever want to lose this man.
“Adrian?”
“Yeah?” He turned back to look at me after wiping his hands. “Is something the matter?”, He came closer and sat beside me. Clearing my throat, I asked the question that has been on my mind since I went through the event of the other night in my head.
“Who do you think the traitor amongst us is? Have you given it a thought?”
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 98
Lola’s POV
He looked at me for what seemed like eternity before he sighed and looked away. “Lola, I thought you were not going to involve yourself in things like this anymore?” He asked as he rubbed his hand over his face and I pouted.
“I said I was going to stay away from the dangerous parts, I did not say I wouldn’t ask for information and updates”, I crossed my hands over my chest.
“I haven’t been able to give it much thought, I’ve been occupied by you and your condition. I’ve been totally useless for the past three days”, he said.
“We can do it now then. Let’s go meet with Jayden and talk to him”, I stood up and took his hand in mine. “I should contact Nathan and tell him to be here with his father as soon as possible*, he said but I stopped him.
“No”, he looked at me quizzically. “No, you can’t call them here”, I rushed out. “But they’re the Beta and next in line for the Beta position”, he tried to explain to me but I wasn’t backing down.
“And the rogue clearly said the traitor is someone amongst us. That means we can’t trust anyone, no one at all, Adrian. You should know that”, I argued with my hands crossed over my chest and he sighed. “You’re right”, he said before his eyes glazed over indicating he was mindlinking someone.
Arghhhh! The nerves of this Alpha.
“Dad is in the study”, he said after his eyes became focused again. Oh! “Oh, okay. We should go and see him then”. I actually thought he was mindlinking Nathan after I told him not to.
“No, I wasn’t. Have some faith in me, baby”, his voice rang in my head and I became slightly red from embarrassment. Who was I kidding? I was totally red from being caught.
We left the kitchen and went towards Jayden’s study. Adrian did not knock before he entered and I just followed behind him. Jayden gave me a smile with a little head nod when I entered the room which I returned with a bow. It’s the second time I’ll be entering the study and it still amazes me.
“It’s nice to see you’re back with us, Lola”, Jayden said when we finally sat down. “This one right here almost went on a rampage”, he pointed at Adrian whose ear tips became red. “I’m so sorry for causing trouble and worries every now and then “, I gently apologized and he waved me off.
“You said you were going to discuss something important”, he faced Adrian who nodded before speaking. “Yeah, I totally forgot about it until Nathan reminded me today”, he started. “The rogue we caught said we have a traitor amongst us”, Jayden growled at the word ‘traitor’. 1
“Who would dare to give out important pack information to a common rogue?” He asked no one in particular. “Dad, I’m sure we’ll find a way around this. Let’s hold a mating ceremony for Lola and I”, Adrian said and I looked at him in shock. 1
“We definitely did not discuss that. Where is the mating ceremony coming from? What is a mating ceremony to start with?”, I asked him through our mindlink. “Can you trust me baby? We’ll definitely find the traitor, I just need you to trust me”, he replied and I went silent.
My mind wandered to what a mating ceremony might be. He already marked me, what is a mating ceremony then? No, it can’t be.
“A mating ceremony is not what you told me, right?” I asked, referring to the part where I mark him too and he chuckled in my head. “No, of course not, baby. I only want to keep your beautiful moans of pleasure for my ears alone”, I looked at his face and he smirked briefly at me before turning back to Jayden like he did not just say something naughty.
“It’s decided. We’re going to hold it in two week’s time. I’m sure everyone would like to meet their new Luna also”, Jayden said, giving me a small smile and I smiled back even though I was freaking out on the inside.
Everyone would like to meet their new Luna? What did I miss? How did we go from looking for the traitor to me suddenly being in the spotlight?
“You’re overthinking this. I’m getting dizzy from listening to your thoughts”, Adrian said and I glared at him. “That serves you right. You should stop listening to my thoughts then”, I nearly poked my tongue out at him but I remembered we were seated in front of Jayden and put myself in check.
“It will go well, baby. The people are going to love you and be happy to have you as their Luna”, Adrian assured me through our mindlink and I hummed in agreement.
“We’ll take our leave if that will be all. I’m sure Mom will have a field day with this news”, Adrian stood up as he finished talking and I stood up too. “Lola better be prepared for what’s about to come”, Jayden joked and I gulped.
Deep down, I knew they were right. Rose was going to make a big deal out of this. We had barely reached the living room when she came downstairs, really excited.
I looked at Adrian with wide eyes but that traitor shook his head before backing away slowly. “You’re leaving me with her? Oh, come on!” I said but he kept backing away. “Sorry, you’re alone in this “, he turned away and went upstairs, not looking behind once. “You’re going to pay for this!!!” I called out after him but he did not respond.
“Lolaaaaa”, she squealed excitedly and I put on a smile. I wouldn’t like to offend her and it definitely looks like a big deal to her. “Jayden just told me your mating ceremony is in 2 weeks”, I nodded at her words, making her squeal like a teenager. “Finally! Ouuuu, we’re going to have so much fun planning this”, she said. “First, we’re going to……..”, the rest of the day passed by in a blur.
An appointment was set up at Serena’s spa, she made me choose from a series of hair designs, clothes were not left behind either. It was crazy and if I thought Lyla was crazy when it comes to picking clothes and fashion, Rose was definitely crazier.
When I finally escaped from Rose after dinner, I was ready to pass out. Who knew sitting down, just listening to someone talk your ear off and make decisions could be so tiring? Well, it definitely is.
I gave Adrian the cold shoulder and just went to sleep straight. I was tired and slightly annoyed he left me alone so I ignored him and slept. I’ll deal with it in the morning.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 99
Lola’s POV
It was a new dawn and I thought the craziness would have died down but it got worse. The little bit of peace I had was before I went down for breakfast.
“Lola, we’re going to be going to the pack house later today”, Rose started speaking when I stood up to do the dishes on which I refused Adrian’s help because I was still annoyed with him. “Why do we need to go?” I asked, dreading her answer.
“Girl, I don’t want to see so many confusing colors and designs again. I’m still recovering from doing such yesterday”, Jasmine whined in my head and I totally agreed.
“Lyla and the girls will be there, we’ll need to decide on the foods, decorations theme and a lot more. Everything needs to be picked out and sorted”, she replied, happily wiping at the counter she was cleaning.
“It’s still like 2 weeks away, can’t we just take it one at a time and chill out?” I asked. I made the mistake of looking at her and saw that she was already glaring daggers at the back of my head.
“Of course we should do everything on time”, I laughed nervously, “I should go and get ready once I’m done doing the dishes “, I rushed out and continued doing the dishes.
“You made the right choice, pumpkin. Delaying decisions like this can cause a large minute disaster. Your day has to be perfect, just the way you are”, she came over to pinch my cheeks before leaving the kitchen.
“Oh, be ready before 12pm”. With that, she walked gracefully out of the kitchen and I sighed. I did not know how I felt about the whole thing.
First off, I did not know what the mating ceremony is about and we’re planning a huge party because of it. And I’m also thrown into the preparations that come with it.
“I guess we’re not getting away today also”, Jasmine whined. Yes, yes Jasmine. We’ll be thrown into the frenzy for the next two weeks”, I told her and she growled.
Adrian came back to the kitchen when I was almost done with the dishes and hugged me from the back, making my heartbeat speed up.
“You’re still mad at me?” He whispered huskily in my ears. I almost forgot what he did until he bit my earlobes to bring me out of my thoughts.
“Isn’t that obvious?” I managed to croak out and he chuckled. “I’m sorry, baby. There’s nothing I could have done to get you out of that situation. Mom can be scary when she’s planning a party”, he said before his mouth wandered to my mark to place a kiss on it, making pleasure course through my veins.
How can I stay mad at this man when he keeps doing that?
“Trust me, I’ve witnessed it firsthand. But you could have said I was still recovering”, I breathed out. “And stop doing that, you’re not being fair”, I moaned out but he kept on kissing the same spot.
This man will be the death of me.
I remembered that I had to be at the pack house with Rose in a few hours and pushed him away from me. He gave me puppy eyes but I neglected him and tried to finish washing the plates in record time.
“What’s the time?” I asked when it looked like I won’t be able to finish it before she said it’s time to go. “Huhhhhh, it’s 11:13 am. Why do you ask?” He said from where he sat after I pushed him away from me.
Oh shit.
“Can you please finish this up for me? I have to go get ready”, I hurriedly rinsed my hands and ran out of the kitchen. “Hey, this is not fair”, he called out. “I love you, I shouted back before dashing into my room.
I was about to enter the bathroom when I remembered that I said I loved him. Oh no, what did I just do? My cheeks heated up and I covered my face.
What if he thinks I’m obsessed with him or crazy? What if he thinks it’s too early to say the L word? I screamed internally. “Don’t you think you’re being too dramatic?” Jasmine asked in my head. “He’s our mate, Dumbo. These words should have been exchanged since we first met. And how are you so sure he doesn’t feel the same for you?” She said.
“Besides, he worships the ground you walk on. You shouldn’t have any second thoughts about how he feels about you”. Jasmine was right, I shouldn’t feel embarrassed for telling my mate that I loved him.
“Just a little reminder that Rose will be calling for you any moment from now and you will be in deep trouble if she doesn’t see that you’re ready to go”. That was all the reminder I needed to bathe at the speed of light and dress up quicker than a lighting passes through the sky.
I settled on a deep red blouse with cream coloured maxi skirt and finished it off with a black sandal. I left my hair down in waves and used a black headband to keep it in place.
I picked up my phone in Adrian’s room and opened it to find tons of messages from Lola and the girls which I did not bother opening or replying to. They’d chew me out when we finally see each other but I could live with that.
I reached the living room the same time Rose decided to call me. “You look gorgeous, baby”, Adrian complimented me.” Thank you”, I said as I shyly brushed my hair behind my ear.
“Now, now”, Rose said, breaking up the moment, “it’s nice to see you being cute with each other but we have to go now if we’re going to get anything done”, she spoke before reaching over to carry her bag that was lying on the sofa.
Adrian looked like he was going to say something but decided against it. He hugged me closer to his body and placed a gentle kiss on my forehead.
“I’ll see you later, baby. Be good and have fun”, he pulled back from me after that. Rose took me hand in hers and we left the house together.
It’s going to be a long day, especially when I have to face the girls.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 100
Lola’s POV
Lyla, Lotana and Avianca were the first people I saw as we got closer to the pack house. I’m definitely getting chewed up today, I thought. Rose must have sensed the direction my thinking went because she chuckled beside me.
“I told them to wait outside the pack house for us. And I definitely warned them against blowing up on your face”, she said. At the mention of ‘blowing up on your face’, my breathing became rapid and I felt like I was being choked. Memories of that rogue blowing up came to the forefront of my mind and I gasped.
“Oh my gosh, I’m so sorry. Oh goddess, I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have used those words”, she said apologetically and I wanted to tell her that I was fine but I couldn’t speak up. It felt like my lungs were being pressed on.
Panic attack? But I was fine up till that moment.
Lola, Lotana and Avianca must have seen the scene or Rose must have summoned them because they ran towards us and supported me. 1
“Let’s get her inside, she must be experiencing a panic attack” she ordered the girls and they looked at her in confusion. *Why is she suddenly having a panic attack?” Lotana asked as I was being taken into the pack house. “I might have said something regarding the incident that happened recently. Quick, let’s get her to a room”, she ordered and they all led me to our hangout space in the pack house, Lyla’s former room.
I could hear them perfectly fine but I found it difficult to speak. It took a while before I could regain my speaking ability. They all looked worried and I felt so bad. All I seem to cause nowadays is worry for people around me.
“I’m sorry for causing worry for everyone”, I spoke lowly and their expressions changed. Their initial frowns were replaced with large smiles and excited sounds left their lips. I was pulled into a group hug and I laughed heartily.
How I’ve missed this with my friends.
“You are going to suffocate her if you don’t break up the hug”, Rose said. “Lyla, be careful, you’re pregnant”, she said sternly before we eventually pulled away from one another, the smiles on our faces were huge and bright nevertheless.
“I’d come back later to check on you once you’re well rested”, Rose spoke, looking at me directly and I nodded. She left the room after what she said. We waited for a while before we all burst into excited squeals again.
Lyla was the first to hit me. “Ouch, what was that for?” I asked while rubbing my shoulder. “Don’t you ever do that again. You scared us”, she said. I smiled at her and held her hands, “I’m sorry, ladies. It wasn’t my intention to make you worry at all”, I said as I looked at all of their faces. “I won’t allow that to happen anymore, okay?” I did a puppy face as I looked at them expectantly.
“Fineeeee, you better not do that again”, Avianca was the first to break. “Lyla almost lost my goddaughter from worrying too much”, Lotana added. Avianca turned to face her with her hands on her hips, “uhm, excuse you miss. This right here”, she pointed to Lyla’s belly, “is my goddaughter”.
They kept arguing back and forth. Lyla sat down beside me and we kept looking at them. “At leaat, you’re a bit sane, these two almost drove me insane with their constant talks and banters”, she said at the same time they stopped bantering and looked at her with a glare. Oops.
“You guys did not miss me? You’ve been fighting non-stop since I got here. Fill me in, did anything happened when I was gone?” I asked. These girls made me love tea so much and I wasn’t even talking about real tea.
“Girlllllll, Fay has been going around telling people she’s going to be the new Luna”, Avianca piped up. “Like, I was shocked by the nerves of her. She’s no longer limping and now she acts like a queen. She doesn’t do that when Adrian is around though “, Lotana added.
“It’s like she knows something that everyone doesn’t know. I bet she’s going to go crazy when she knows you’re having a mating ceremony”, Lyla clapped excitedly and the girls joined in.
“I swear, I’m going to have that bitch’s head on a pole and hang in the center of the pack. She’s getting on my nerves”, Jasmine growled in my head but that wasn’t what I was focused on.
A traitor is amongst you. A traitor is amongst you. The rogue’s word kept ringing in my head. I contemplated telling Adrian but I felt like I was just overreacting.
Sure, she might be an obsessed psychopath but she can’t be crazy enough to sell out the pack she wants to rule over. Right? I sighed and rubbed my hand over my face in frustration. 1
“By the way, I love the clothes combination. Looks like Lyla awakened the fashionista in you. Girl, you look so hot. How did Adrian let you out of the house?” Avianca, always energized spoke rapidly and Lotana nodded.
“I particularly like her top, did you get this when we went to………. Oh goddess, you got marked?” Lyla shouted. That was when it dawned on me that I did not tell them about the mark.
“I knew her scent changed but I did not even think about her getting marked at all. Ouuuuu, who knew our innocent baby girl had it in her?” Lotana added and my face became red.
“No, it’s definitely not like that. We haven’t completed the mating process”, I covered my face after speaking and they all laughed. “Yeah, yeah, it’s just a matter of time before it gets done”, Avianca patted my back and I glared at her making everyone laugh.
“Guys, I know Rose said you should rest well but I can bet on Nathan’s left ear that she’s going to barge in here anytime and pull us out to prepare”, Lyla said as she stood up. “Now, let’s get our butt out there before Rose comes to look for us”, she pointed towards the door and we all grudgingly left.
We passed Fay on our way out. She was with her minions and tried to look intimidating but I did not spare her another glance.
The possibility of her being the traitor weighed heavily on my mind but I decided that I was going to trust Adrian and allow him take charge of fishing them out.
With that in mind, I went about my day with my girls.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 101
Lola’s POV
Two weeks passed in a blink of an eye but I wouldn’t say the same for the stress that came with it. Clothes were sized and resized, coloured were picked and changed at almost every angle. Rose, I and the girls all made a trip to Serena’s spa to get massages. My nails were done and my hair was ready too. Rose was picky over everything and all I wanted was some peace.
The only time I got to rest was in my mate’s arms. He would hold me after a long day and rub my legs, back or any part of my body that I complained about. I was so grateful for the gift of him.
Once or twice, the innocent massages turned into something else but Adrian never did what I wasn’t ready for. He was attentive, loving and caring.
I eventually figured out what the mating ceremony was about. It was basically an event where the next Alpha marks his Luna before the whole pack to signify that they’re one before being crowned the next Alpha and Luna of the pack. But since Adrian already marked me privately because he claimed that it was supposed to be something between mates alone, we were just going to be crowned the new Alpha and Luna.
Apart from the event preparations, I had to visit many elders before that day and introduce myself properly to them. I visited the orphanage and did some charity work too. Half of the pack, if not all, knows that I was going to be the Luna even before the official announcement.
I had met Fay briefly on one or two occasions and she looked like she wanted me dead when I saw her. I totally ignored her but the fact that she could be the one selling out the pack weighed heavily on my mind.
Adrian was also making preparations but all he has to do was pick out a suit which he made me do. I was excited for it, I wasn’t going to lie but the nerves outweighed my excitement.
Although people acknowledged me as their Luna already, there’s this nagging feeling at the back of my mind that it was going to be ruined for me but I shook it off.
A day before the ceremony, Rose insisted that we do not sleep in the same room because according to her, “it’s bad luck”. She said it’s similar to a wedding in the human world and we shouldn’t jinx the ceremony by sleeping in the same room the night before. She’d have made me stay in the pack house with the girls if Lyla still lived there so she made us sleep in separate rooms instead.
I couldn’t sleep all night due to two things. Firstly, I was so used to sleeping beside Adrian, engulfed in his body warmth that it was so hard for me to sleep in my bed. Wearing his shirt so I could be engulfed in his scent did not do much except make me relaxed, but I wasn’t relaxed enough to sleep.
Secondly, I was so worried about the events that might happen. Adrian hasn’t been giving me information on how finding the traitor was going, but I just felt like something was going to ruin the day for me.
“You’re still up?” Adrian’s voice rang in my head and I smiled. “It’s good to know that I’m not the only one having trouble sleeping. Missing me?” I teased him. “You bet I am. Why did Mom have to bring up this superstition to make us stay away from each other?” He groaned into the mindlink and I laughed.
“I can’t wait for all of these to be over tomorrow night so we can be back to sleeping together in each other’s arms”, he said softly and I hummed in agreement.
“You think I can sneak into your room without being discovered?” He asked, mischief evident in his voice, making me laugh softly.
“I’ll see you in the morning, Alpha”, I said and imagined him pouting like he usually did. We talked for a while before I eventually drifted off to a restless sleep.
I woke up feeling slightly on edge, I chalked it up to feeling nervous about the mating ceremony. Rose came to get me before I could see Adrian and led me to the pack house without even getting breakfast.
She kept saying it’s bad luck to see my mate before the mating ceremony so I had my breakfast at the pack house. At 12 pm, we started getting ready for the party. My hair was refixed, my make up was done for almost 4 hours and I was fussed over. I almost shouted at Rose but kept it inside.
After the makeup was done, I waited while others got theirs done too. It was fun talking to everyone and laughing even though my thoughts kept going back to the fact that something was going to happen.
At about 5pm, I was asked to put on my clothes and that was the highlight of my day. I fell in love with the clothes that first day I saw it and it seemed to get more beautiful even though it has been altered.
It was a deep red coloured floor length gown. It had a thin strap and showed a bit of cleavage. The chest area was covered with stone. It was body fitting to the knee before it flared out. It stood out against my pale skin and I was wowed by what I saw.
Gasps erupted in the room and words like, “oh my goddess, Lola, you look so amazing”, “you’re definitely going to be the center of attraction tonight”, and many more were thrown around the room.
Rose walked up to me looking emotional. She took my hands in hers and looked in the eyes. “I don’t know if I’ve said this before but I’m so glad my son came to his senses before he lost you. You’re finally going to be that daughter I lost and I’m so glad I was able to save you”, she said with tears in her eyes.
I understood what she was saying perfectly and that made me very emotional. I hugged her and whispered in her ears, “and I’m so lucky that you found me, Mom”. She pulled me closer and sniffed severally before pulling back.
“Adrian better be wowed and get emotional when he sees you or there would be no mating ceremony*Rose joked and we all laughed.
Others got ready too in their different designs of white gowns. Apparently, I was the only one wearing red since the ceremony was for me.
Eventually it was time to get the show started. Everyone left already for the garden leaving me alone in the room. I would be notified when it was time for me to make an entrance.
“It’s time”, the phone I was holding showed a message from Rose. I dropped the phone and took a deep breath before walking through the deserted house, my red veil in place.
Here goes nothing, I thought to myself as I walked out of the pack house into the prepared garden.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 102
Lola’s POV
Everybody shushed when I entered and my nerves increased. Uh-oh, why is everyone staring at me? Did my clothes tear somewhere? Did I smear my makeup? Is something wrong with my hair? A thousand and ten questions ran through my head and I felt like turning back and running away.
The wheels in my head stopped turning when I made eye contact with my very handsome mate. “Ouuuuuu, has he always looked this edible?” Jasmine asked in my head. “Girllll, he seems to amaze me more everytime I see him. It’s like he gets more handsome everyday”, I replied back to her.
He looked so amazing standing there in his black three pieces suit. Everyone faded to the background and all I saw was him. He looked regal and majestic, he was the Alpha King after all.
I felt him trying to get in my head and opened our mindlink. “You look breath-taking, baby”, his voice rang loud and clear in my head, almost making my legs jelly. “You look totally amazing too”, I replied to him and saw a ghost of a smile on his face.” It’s so obvious on your face that you think I am”, he said cockily and I scoffed. The nerves of that man!
“But everyone is waiting for you to keep moving forward”, I didn’t even realize I was standing still until he said so. My face became red and I hurriedly walked as fast as my gown would allow me.
When I finally reached the makeshift stage, he held my hand to help me up the stage, sending waves of pleasure through my body. We faced each other and that was when I saw the tears in his eyes.
“You cried? Thank goddess. Rose said the mating ceremony won’t hold if you don’t cry”, I told him and he chuckled. “Good thing your elegance and aura made me cry then”, he joked and I laughed behind my palm.
Someone cleared their throat behind us and we both turned to look at the person, Adrian seemed calm while I was startled. We were faced with Elder Simon. He was one of the people I met with before today so I recognized him.
“Well now begin the ceremony”, he said with an authoritative tone and the whole yard listened attentively. “Today is a 2 in 1 celebration for Crescent moon pack. The next Alpha is going to introduce his Luna to all of us and we’re also going to crown them the new King and Queen of the Alpha world”, he spoke and everyone started clapping. “Now, our next King is going to take the stage”, he bowed to Adrian as he moved forward to take the stage.
He cleared his throat before taking the addresser. “Thank you, Simon”, he bowed to him slightly too.
“Thank you all for coming here to witness this today, not like you have a choice”, he joked and everyone laughed. “Yeah, but I really appreciate everyone that put effort into this one way or the other, it wouldn’t have been possible without you guys”. Everybody had a peaceful and serene look on their faces and it was so obvious that they all liked him, even though he barely related with them.
“I’m sure everyone here knows how long I’ve been searching for my mate, in fact I had lost all hope and picked a chosen mate before I finally met her”, I looked through the crowd, searching for Fay’s but I couldn’t find her.
She must be too ashamed to come to the ceremony.
“Well, after I found her, I made grave mistakes that almost cost me her life but thank goddess that she pulled through and eventually accepted me back even though I have a lifetime of apologizing to do”, he said and the crowd went solemn.
“Let me formally introduce my mate and the new Luna of Crescent moon pack to everyone”, he held out his hand to me and I took it before nervously walking forward. “Meet your new Luna, Lola Ashton, the daughter of the former Alpha of Moonlit pack”, he said and everyone started clapping, some even hooted and whistled.
“Say something, baby”, he said to me and I nodded. I cleared my throat before I started speaking. “Uhm, it’s so nice to finally meet everyone. I promise that I’m going to do my best to rule alongside Adrian. I hope we get along”, I finished my speech and another round of applause rang from the crowd.
“Now, we have to connect you to the pack. Step forward, Alpha Jayden”, Elder Simon said and Jayden stepped forward. Another person brought a dagger that was placed on a white clothes and I became frightened.
Adrian took my hand in his and squeezed it assuringly. “It will be over before you know it”, he said through our mindlink and I nodded.
I stretched my left hand and so did Jayden. Elder Simon made a cut on Jayden’s palm and on mine too. “Now, put your palms together”, he instructed and we both did as he said. 2
All of a sudden, I felt a thousand voices in my head and I would have fallen down if it wasn’t for Adrian that held me up by my waist.
“Ma-make it sto-op-p-p-p”, I groaned. “It will be over before you know it, just hang on for a little while baby”, Adrian whispered as the voices grew louder in my head. I tried to remove my palm from Jayden’s but I was unable to.
When I was finally able to remove my hands, the voices didn’t stop. “It, it keeps getting louder, Adrian. Please make it stop”, I pleaded while holding onto my head. “Try to block it out. Block it out the same way you block me out of your head”, he said gently. I did exactly what he said and eventually I was able to block all voices out completely.
“Good girl, you did it”, he praised me and I smiled at him before turning to the crowd with a big smile. My eyes met with the girls’ own where they sat and it became wider. They gave me a thumbs up before I looked away from them.
“Welcome to the pack, Luna Lola”, Elder Simon said and the rest of the pack took it up. The chants became louder and my smile became wider.
This went on for a while until I saw another spec of red in the crowd. I was the only one supposed to wear red because it represents respect for me but a woman in the crowd was also wearing red. I looked closely at the woman and it turned out to be Fay, wearing exactly the same clothes as mine, nothing changed.
I saw her point something at me but before I could process what was going on, a loud bang sounded. I waited for the bullet to hit me but I heard someone fall beside me instead.
I looked down and saw my mate groaning in pain on the ground. Adrian had been shot!
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 103
Lola’s POV
Adrian got shot and everyone just stood there in shock. “Mate! Adrian is hurt, Dumbo. Do something”, Jasmine shouted in panic in my head and that was what jolted me out of my trance.
Commotion started in the crowd and some warriors went to hold down a very hysterical Fay. “No, no, no, not him. Not my Adrian, not him”, she kept repeating. “That bitch killed him, that bitch made the bullet hit him. She should be the one being held down not me”, she screamed as she struggled against the warriors holding her.
11
I was shaking as I looked at Adrian groaning in pain. Normally, bullets are not supposed to have effects on Alphas except…… Wolfsbane! He has been shot with a bullet laced with wolfsbane”, someone cried but I couldn’t even recognise the voice, I was too focused on my mate.
I knelt down beside him not knowing what to do. I didn’t know I was crying until Adrian shakily wiped my cheeks. “H-hey, I’m f-f-fine. It d-does-sn’t hurt at all”, yet he groaned in pain when someone touched him.
“My mate is in pain and all you’re doing is crying? Do something or give me control of your goddamn useless body”, Jasmine shouted in my head, “you’re the motherfucking Moon Wolf for a reason dummy!” She was being hysterical but it was justified. 1 “Why is he not healing? What are you doing?” Rose screamed at the pack doctor that was kneeling beside Adrian too.
Right! I have healing power.
“Allow me take care of him”, I said but no one seemed to hear. “I said I can take care of him”, I said louder but I still got ignored. “LET ME TAKE CARE OF HIM!!!” I shouted and everyone looked taken aback before moving back and allowing me to take care of him.
I moved closer to him and placed my hands over the affected area feeling the familiar feeling that runs through me when I heal people run through me. I felt a little bit of pain but it could have been the wolfsbane effect.
When I finally finished healing him, I felt weak and drained so I sat weakly beside him till he could sit up. Jeez, that’s one hell of a wolfsbane.
“Are you okay, baby?” He asked after he sat up and I weakly nodded. He pulled me closer to him and a screeching voice pierced the air again. I totally forgot that the psychopath that caused my mate pain was still very much around.
Adrian got off the stage before helping me up too. He looe towards where Fay was and she seemed to calm down a bit even though the crazy look in her eyes was still there. 1
“Adrian”, she smiled through her tears as she struggled to break free. “Adrian, you were supposed to choose me, remember? We were supposed to be together, I love you I swear”, she rambled on as everybody quietly took in the scene.
“I promise you that no one will ever love you the way I do, definitely not this lowlife rogue”, she sneered in my direction. “I will cross the seven mountains and rivers for you, Adrian, I’ll do anything for you as long as you’re mine and mine alone. Don’t allow a freak that shouldn’t be in the midst of people to come between us”, she begged in tears but I just looked at her in amusement.
Jasmine was insulted and demanded that she be let out but I refused because I knew she would tear her into pieces.
“We are royalty, Jas. We shouldn’t stoop to her level”, I tried to pacify her. It was true though. She was just a power hungry bitch that was coveting my position. Fighting with her will only bring me to her level.
Adrian tried to speak but I held his hand. “Allow me to handle this”, I said into our mindlink. I turned towards Fay with a smile on my face.
“A freak? A lowlife? That freak is holding the position you’ve always coveted while you’re just nothing but a background noise “, I said and heard a couple of gasps from the crowd, someone even giggled. “I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. You’re just a power hungry bitch that will never be where I am”, the fury in her eyes returned and she screamed.
Seeing her struggle and fight to be let free knowing fully well that she couldn’t do anything brought me a great deal of satisfaction. “Take her to the dungeon and await my orders”, Adrian commanded the warriors.
“No, no, no, you can’t do this to me Adrian. You’ve been bewitched by that crazy girl. What does she have that I do not? Why are you tossing me aside for her? I even bought the same dress as hers, do I not look prettier? You have to be mine, Adrian, olease” She screamed as she was led away but nobody pitied her, not even her minions. “I’ll kill you Lola! You’ll pay for this!” were her last words before she was completely led away.
Yeah, she went a bit too far.
Everywhere was silent before Elder Simon spoke again. “We’ll now crown the new Alpha King and Luna Queen of the werewolf world”, he said and cheers erupted in the crowd.
Jayden and Rose stepped forward and hush descended over the garden. The moon shone brightly, almost like the Moon goddess was giving her blessings too.
A different dagger was brought forward and I groaned internally. Adrian must have noticed my facial expression because he seemed to be holding in his laughter. Mate of the year.
The ceremony was similar to the one I did with Jayden, only that my palm was joined with Rose’s. After the blood vow, I felt more energized and powerful than I usually would be.
It was time to socialize and greet dignitaries from other packs after the formal process. I met a lot of new people who only had nice things to say about me. I was commended on my looks and the feat I performed when I healed Adrian. That went on well into the night but I was so happy to finally be accepted and permanently be part of the pack.
We finally went home about 1 am in the morning but I wasn’t feeling tired at all. Infact, I wanted something more from Adrian. I took the opportunity of trying to get out of my clothes to get his attention since I wasn’t going to say what I wanted from him.
I was so shy about it.
“Adrian, can you please let me out of my dress?” I asked shyly and he nodded with a knowing smile on his face. That jerk, he definitely knows what I want. “Baby girl, I won’t be able to do what you really want except you use your words”, he smirked at me and I became red, making him chuckle.
I looked into his eyes and slowly moved closer to him. With every step I took, his pupils seemed to dilate with lust. I placed my hand on his chest sultrily and said,
“I want to complete the mating process and I want to complete it now!”
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 104
Lola’s POV
He looked at me for a while before he moved back from me and turned away from me. I felt hurt but I concealed it. Jasmine whined slowly in my head and I wasn’t sure how to console her, I didn’t even know what was wrong initially.
Was he regretting choosing me? Does he still harbor feelings for Fay? Was he mad I put her in her place? Was telling her to be locked up just an act? I was so sure he loved me, did I read too much into his actions? A lot of questions ran through my mind and I was dumbfounded. I did not know how to strike up a conversion, lest I looked clingy or worse still, get rejected.
“You think he’s going to reject us?” Jasmine whined in my head and I totally understood her, I was hurt too. “He’s just trying to gather his thoughts. He promised he wasn’t going to hurt us anymore. Adrian is a man of his words”, or so I hoped.
After a moment of silence that felt like eternity, he turned to face me again. He moved towards me and looked me in the eyes. ‘ Why do you want to complete the mating process right now?” He asked and I became confused. “Huh?” I asked.
“Baby, why do you want to complete the mating process right now?” He asked again, calmly. “He called us baby now. Does that mean he’s not rejecting us?” Jasmine asked in excitement. “Uhmm, I want to complete the mating process because I want you to be fully mine and I’ll be yours alone”, I answered him and the light in his eyes returned.
“That’s your only reason right?” He asked and I nodded. “I did not like the way Fay tried to claim you, it made my blood boil”, I started ranting. “If I had my mark on you, she wouldn’t have dared to do that. Who does that bit h thinks she is?” I finished with a huff.
“Do I smell jealousy?” He asked teasingly. “Jealousy? Pffft, I’m definitely not jealous of that psychopathic power hungry…….’ I did not get to finish my sentence before Adrian locked his lips with mine.
It felt so good I had to hold onto his shirt for support. His lips felt so soft and sweet and I couldn’t get enough of him. I tried to get closer to him despite being in close contact already. I draped my arms over his shoulder and gently tugged on his hair.
“I like this side of you. Jealousy looks good on you”, he broke the kiss to whisper before locking our lips again. He licked my lower lips and the slickness of his tongue made me gasp. He used that opportunity to slip his tongue into my mouth, instinctively, my tongue collided and danced in a hot flame of passion with his.
He pulled me closer by my waist even though there wasn’t any space between us. He cupped my ass in his large hands before squeezing it gently, making me moan into our kiss.
I pulled back from the kiss and tugged on his suit jacket impatiently, the fabric was a hindrance to the present that was hidden beneath them.
“Eager, are we?” He teased me with a fucking sexy smile. His eyes drooped with lust and he gave me a lazy smile which sent wetness straight to my core. “Just get the goddamn clothes out of my way”, I told him. He looked at me in shock before he helped me in taking it off too.
When he finally pulled his clothes, I was sure I drooled from how heavenly he looked. His broad shoulders and muscles contracted with every movement and I looked at him in awe.
The Moon goddess sure knows how to make up for all my ears of suffering.
“As much as I liked you in this dress, it has to go now. Or do you have a different opinion?” He whispered in my ear before lightly kissing my mark which sent a delicious shudder through me. I moaned loudly and closed my eyes in pleasure. He hadn’t touched me and I was already a moaning mess.
The loan seemed to fuel his desires because he kept sucking on it while I held onto his shoulder for support since my legs were jelly from the pleasure coursing through me. I felt the same feeling I got when he touched me when I was in heat coursing through me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 105
I tugged on his hair and bit my lips as pleasure hit me like a ton of bricks which resulted in my legs shaking violently. The only thing that held me up was my death grip on his hair and shoulder.
He held me till my body relaxed before kissing me again. When he spoke again, his voice was huskier and sexier and I was getting turned on again. This man is something else.
“I know I promised that my first time with you was going to be very special and slow but I’m starting to doubt myself. You make me go crazy, baby”, he said, slightly panting. “You make me want to pound you till you can barely work but I’m trying to refrain from hurting you”, he placed his forehead against mine and closed his eyes while taking deep breaths. 1
I cupped his face and made him look at me. “You’re not going to hurt me, Adrian”, I told him softly. “How do you know that?” He asked, still panting a little. “You’re my mate, silly. I was made for you, to be able to take everything you might throw my way”, I flashed him a smile and he returned it with one of his.
“You’re right”, he said as he slid one strap of my dress off my shoulder, “you were perfectly made for me by the moon goddess”, he slid the second strap of my shoulder and with a gentle tug, I was totally naked except for the thing I had on. ” Perfectly made”, he whispered before he held my left boobs in his palm and lightly played with my nipple that hardened on touch. 1
I was lifted up without warning and I wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me towards the bed. He laid me down and my thong was lost in the room in seconds. He pulled back while maintaining eye contact and pulled his pants off, leaving him in his briefs that showed just how endowed he was.
The nerves started kicking in and I was starting to have second thoughts. “I can stop whenever you want me to”, he said as he discarded his briefs and gently stroked his huge dick. That simple gesture made me wetter than I originally was, even the bed underneath me was starting to feel the impact of my arousal.
“If you want me to stop at any money, let me know, baby. I don’t wanna hurt you”, he said as he stroked his dick more, each stroke harder and longer than the last. I nodded my head since I suddenly went out of words. 2
He knelt down on the bed with one hand on the side of me while he ran his fingers from my opening to my clit. I felt a hard tip poke at my entrance and stiffened from.the strange sensation.
“Relax for me, relax baby”, he said huskily. His length slowly entered me, he’d remove it completely before putting it back again, making it go deeper than the last thrust.
It was a bittersweet feeling and I didn’t want him to stop. When he finally put in all of his dick, he stilled inside me and groaned in pleasure.
“Gosh, this might be sooner than I expected. You feel so good, baby”, he murmured before he started thrusting inside me. It started as a gentle thrusting before he started moving wildly inside me to which I moaned loudly. His dick felt so good inside me and a toe curling sensation started running through me.
“Adrian, I think I’m going to……”, I didn’t finish my word before he nodded. “I’m coming too, baby. It’s time”, he said and I understood that he was talking about marking him.
Just when I reached my climax, I elongated my teeth and bit into his shoulder, drawing out my orgasm. When I was relaxed, U realized that he orgasmed when I did too.
I felt sticky and wanted to clean up but he held me back. “I know you’re feeling sleepy, go on, I’ll take care of you”, he said and that was when I allowed myself to fall asleep.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 106
Lola’s POV
I slowly opened my eyes and I was met with gorgeous green and hazel eyes that seemed to see through my soul. It took me a a while to remember what transpired between I and the owner of the eyes in the early hours of the morning. And in a total of 0.01 seconds, I was red all over from embarrassment.
“Now you’re hiding from me? I believe that you were so bold and confident a few hours ago”, he teased me. I buried my face in the pillow harder and heard him chuckling above me.
I tried to move away from him but I felt a piercing pain in my core. I tried to keep the sound of pain in but I couldn’t. Adrian noticed and sat up so fast, I wondered where he got his energy from.
“Are you okay, baby? Are you hurt? Shit, did I hurt you? I knew I should have taken it easy on you. Stupid, stupid, stupid”, he kept rambling and blaming himself. Looking at his adorable worried face made me forget what happened to me in the first place.
I couldn’t stop myself from giggling and he glared at me making me giggle harder. “Is this a funny situation to you? I hurt you “He said to me. I tried to hide my giggle behind my palm but I failed at it. “I’m sorry”, I managed to squeeze out through my fit of laughter. “You look so adorable”, I said and he pouted.
“You mean I look so manly and sexy?” He questioned while flexing his muscles, making me laugh harder. “Oh please, stop doing that. You’re making my eyes hurt from such a show*, I told him but he continued doing it.
He stopped after a while and gently placed me on his laps. “I’m sorry I hurt you, I should have been more careful”, he said softly as he stroked my hair. “It’s fine, Adrian. You did not know and besides, I’m not complaining so stop apologizing”.
He opened his mouth to apologize again but I stopped him. “Since you have so much energy to apologize, why don’t you carry me into the bathroom? I need to pee”, he smiled before effortlessly lifting me into his arms and headed towards the bathroom.
He gently placed me down and waited but I chased him out of the bathroom. His words were, “I’m going to wait till you’re done so I can carry you back”, he leaned against the bathroom door. “Uhm, I’m pretty sure I can find my own way back into the room”, I argued but he refused to leave the bathroom and I was very pressed.
I instinctively looked him in the eye and said, “you’re going to leave the bathroom and patiently wait for me in the room till I’m done here”, I said in a voice that sounded strange to my ears. Adrian’s eyes seemed to dilate before he nodded and left me alone in the bathroom.
I did not give it much thought because I had to ease myself. I did so with a little bit of difficulty. I washed up and walked out of the bathroom still limping a bit. Adrian’s pupils were still dilated until I tapped his shoulder. He looked lost for a while before his eyes focused again.
“You’re done?” He asked confused. “I was pretty sure I was with you just now. It feels a little bit fuzzy though. I can’t remember anything after the time you told me to leave and I refused”, he said and I became more intrigued.
“Well, I told you to leave and you did without asking any questions”, I told him, “your pupils were a bit dilated though. It was almost like you were hypnotized”, his eyes widened in shock at the information I gave him.
“No way! Hypnotism was definitely not in the book that talked about the Moon Wolf. This is so amazing, baby”, he smiled heartily at me and I returned it with a shy smile.
“We should tell Dad about this”, he said happily. I swear he was more excited about my powers that I am. I went into my room to change my outfit while he dressed up too. We met at the top of the stairs and went downstairs together.
“If it isn’t our Alpha and his Luna”, Rose teased us when she saw us coming down the stairs into the kitchen. “Rose, please stop it”, I lightly laughed and she joined me.
“I made food for you but it went cold already since you both took eternity to come downstairs”, she said and Jayden coughed slightly beside her. I became slightly red from embarrassment. They definitely heard everything that went down between Adrian and I.
“You were not particularly quiet for a house where werewolves live”, he laughed as he spoke in my head and i wanted to hit him. “Wow, you’re so helpful”, I retorted sarcastically and he gave me a big smile. Asshole.
“You should eat first before we discuss a lot of pending issues”, Jayden said and we both nodded. Adrian made me sit while he did everything, he microwaved the food and dished it out.
“How in the world is a man so perfect”, Jasmine purred in my head and I agreed. “He looks like Adonis and he knows how to take care of a woman? We got lucky”, I said and she hummed. “You’re definitely right. And he sure knows how to fuck”, she giggled and my eyes widened in shock. “Jasmineeeeee, you can’t say that”, I chastised her, she just rolled her wolfish eyes at
me.
“Why can’t she say that?” Adrian asked as he set my plate of food in front of me and I lightly shrieked. “You can’t keep listening to my conversations like that”, I glared at him. “Then block me from listening to them”, he said before poking his tongue out at me. I swear, I feel like I’m mated to an overgrown baby sometimes.
We ate while conversing. Our conversation was mainly him making me turn to the shade of a very ripe tomato. We did the dishes together against his will. I refused to just sit and be useless while he does everything for me.
Jayden and Rose were still sitting in the living room when we finished. “Mom, Dad,we have something to show you”, Adrian said to gain their attention. Rose turned to face us while Jayden just nodded to show that he was listening.
“Come on, go ahead. Show them”, Adrian urged me while Rose looked at me expectantly. I raised my head and looked straight into Rose’s eyes, “you’ll go into the kitchen and make chocolate chip muffin for the whole pack”, I said. Her pupils dilated and she stood up without asking questions. I had Jayden’s attention at that point, even Adrian gasped.
Before Rose could being out the ingredients she needed, I tapped her gently and she snapped out of it. “Uhm, what am I doing in the kitchen? I already cooked”, she groaned, holding her forehead.
“Lola hypnotized you”, Adrian spoke up. “That’s her new ability.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 107
Adrian’s POV
“She can hypnotize now?” Mom asked, intrigued and I nodded. My mate is surely full of surprises. She looked shy and looked down at her hands, wringing them together. With the rate at which she wrung her hands together, I was surprised her limbs were still intact.
“I think it’s high time she started training properly, that way she can improve on herself more and we can discover more of her talents”, Dad said from where he sat. I wanted to disagree with him since I didn’t want her to push herself too hard, but it was necessary.
We might try to ignore the fact that the war was upon us but it doesn’t stop the fact that we have to face it sooner or later. For the past two weeks, it’s been unusually quiet like he was waiting for the perfect time to strike again.
The ceremony was held in hopes of catching the traitor or at least making him show his face since I was going to be officially introducing Lola as the Luna of my pack. Instead, a hysterical Fay almost ruined our party.
Yeah, Fay. I almost forgot.
“Nathan”, I called through our mindlink. “Yes, Alpha”, he replied in a teasing tone and I shook my head with a slight smile.” Aren’t you supposed to be enjoying your time with our Luna right now? What do you want to tell me that can’t wait?” He asked. “I’m not on honeymoon and I just got crowned, I need to take care of pack issues too”, I told him.
“What does your highness want?” He asked, sarcasm dripping from his words but I ignored him. “What of Fay? Have you checked in with the guards that took her into the dungeon? Has she been questioned or I need to come in?” I asked, a bit aggressive. My blood boiled when I remembered how she almost took out my mate. She might have been dead if I had not taken the bullet for her.
“I was on my way before you reached out. I’ll let you know when I get there. Do you want to question her yourself or I should do so and report back to you?” He asked. “I’ll come in to question her myself, I’ll be there in an hour”, I said. “And Nathan?” I called out to him again. “Yes, buddy”, he replied. “Check if the Moonlit pack traitors have been fed. Lola still holds a soft spot for them”, I said and I could picture him nodding his head. “Sure, I’d get back to you on that”. And with that, the midlink closed off.
“Who were you talking to?” My queen asked me when I finally focused on their conversation again. “Nathan. I asked him to report the situation at the dungeon to me”, I said before standing up. Lola stood up after me too.
“I’m going to the dungeon to question Fay, baby. You should stay here with Mom and Dad”, I said and her face contorted in rage. “If you’re going to question that bitch, I’d like to be there too. I want to know why she thought it was okay to shoot my mate”, her voice had changed and I knew Jasmine was coming to the surface.
“Damn! She looks so sexy when she’s enraged”, Daxon said in my head and I rolled my eyes. Finished wolf. He wasn’t lying though, she looked hot as hell.
“You said you wouldn’t be stepping foot in the dungeon again. Why are you suddenly changing your mind?” She looked shaken up before she masked it. She was about to open her mouth when Nathan’s voice sounded in my head.
“You should come and see this, Adrian. It’s urgent”, Nathan said with urgency in his voice. “I have to go”, I said and left the house.
I arrived at the dungeon in record time and saw Nathan waiting outside the dungeon. The air was thick with worry and I saw warrior’s bodies lying on the ground. “What happened here?” I asked him as I got closer.
“Fay is gone. The Alpha and Luna of Moonlit pack are dead”, he said with a solemn face. “Fay is gone? Gone as in dead?” I asked. “Gone as in disappeared into thin air, man”, he said, “I met the warriors’ bodies on the ground when I got here. It was like someone knocked all of them out. When I went into the dungeon, the Alpha and Luna were dead and Fay was gone”, he said.
I pinched the bridge of my nose and slowly exhaled. It has to be that man because there was no scent in the air. I moved towards one of the warriors and checked for signs of life and they were breathing, just knocked out.
I walked into the dungeon and almost retched with the sight in front of me. It was a good thing I did not bring Lola along with me, she’d have relapsed into her numb state.
Their hearts were not removed, they were gutted before they got dismembered. A white note peeked out from the mess on the floor. I walked through it and picked it up. The note read thus;
“Good luck finding the traitor amongst you. I’d come for MY QUEEN soon, Alpha Adrian”, I squeezed up the paper and let out a loud growl before stepping out of the dungeon.
“Find them! Find every single one of them!” I ordered. Nathan and the warriors that were standing around took off immediately. Deep down, I knew they weren’t going to be found but I felt so useless waiting around for my mate to be taken away from me.
“Adrian?” I looked up to find Lola with my parents. She rushed towards me and looked me over. “Are you hurt anywhere? Where did you get blood on you? What happened? I was worried when you left without saying anything, we all were”, she gestured to my parents who were looking at us from afar.
She gasped when she saw the bodies on the ground. “Are they dead? What happened here? Where’s Andrew and Natalia? Where’s Fay?” She fired rapidly and I just stared at her blankly.
She made to enter the dungeon and I pulled her back, holding her against me.
“They’re dead, baby. They were killed”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 108
Lola’s POV
It was silent afterwards. They were dead. They were killed. It kept ringing in my head over and over again. I did not know how to feel about it. Sure, they were the reason I spent 8 years of my life in pain and agony but I did not wish death on them. I did not get the satisfaction I thought I would get from the news of their demise.
“Baby, Lola, look at me please”, Adrian said as he gently shook me. I shook my head to get the thoughts that were running through it away before looking at him with what was probably numbness. I wasn’t sure he could read any emotions from my eyes.
“Are you okay?” He asked again and I nodded. “Yeah, yeah, I’m totally fine. Let me see them, I want to see them”, I said and tried to enter the dungeon again but he wouldn’t let me. I knew he was trying to protect me so I did not fight against him. Judging by the strong stench of blood in the air, they were probably murdered brutally.
“And Fay? Where’s she? Dead too?” I asked him and he sighed. “Fay is gone. She disappeared into thin air with no traces of her existence”, he said.
I bent down and placed my head in my hands. I should have known that she was the traitor because why was she taken alive? Adrian made to lift me up but I held up my hand to stop him. “I’m good. I’m good”, I said but he didn’t looked convinced.
“We should never ignore our gut feelings, Lola”, Jasmine said in my head. “You’re definitely right. If I had told Adrian immediately I noticed it, she might have confessed by now”, I sighed into my hands before I gently stood up.
“And the warriors? Will they be fine?” I asked him. He looked taken aback for a while before he answered. “I will have the pack doctor check them out. He’s on his way”, he answered me unsurely.
I understood why he was that way. Everyone probably expected me to act out and cry over the fact that they were dead but I couldn’t, I just couldn’t cry over it. I was more overwhelmed by guilt than sadness. I felt like all of it was my fault and I was angry that I ignored my instincts about Fay.
“Are you totally okay?” Adrian asked in my head and I gave him a lazy smile. “Of course, Adrian. I’m perfectly fine”, I replied to him but he still looked unconvinced. “It’s perfectly okay for you to cry, you don’t have to bottle it up”, he said calmly in my head, making me roll my eyes. “What I feel is more of guilt than sadness. If only I had told you my instincts regarding Fay, we might have caught the traitor”, I told him.
Just then, the pack doctor came and checked out one of the warriors. “It’s Valerian, Alpha”, the pack doctor told Adrian who pinched the tip of his nose in frustration. “I thought the witches banned those when we made a treaty with them”, he growled lowly and the pack doctor bowed before him.
Jayden and Rose were now beside us and everyone seemed to understand what a Valerian is except me. “What’s a valerian?” I asked. I do t want to be in the dark on matters concerning the pack anymore. It was frustrating.
“Baby, it’s a type of plant that can easily knock werewolves out when inhaled. When the werewolf world and the witches had problems then, the valerian was used on werewolves by witches to protect themselves since they do not have suoer strength or speed to fight against werewolves”, Adrian explained.
“So someone used a plant that has been banned on our warriors?” I asked out loud and the pack doctor nodded. “That rogue definitely wasn’t lying, they have a witch on their side”.
“How can it be countered then?” I asked. “The hop plant”, he said. “The hop plant? That’s also a thing?” I rubbed my temples. Gosh, I feel so stressed out.
“Where do we get it?” Adrian was the one who spoke up. “The same way the valerian was gotten. Witches”, the pack doctor said. “What will happen to the warriors if the hop can’t be gotten?” I asked even though I knew the answer deep down inside me.
“They will pass away in their sleep”, he said. “Serena. Contact Serena and get the warriors to the hospital. I’ll try to see if I can help them with my powers till Serena gets here”, I sprung into action and in a twinkle of an eye, cars that would convey the warriors had arrived and they were taken to the hospital.
“Serena?” I asked Adrian before entering the car. “We’ll meet her there”, he said before we headed towards the hospital. We’ll deal with Fay’s disappearance later. I have to save my pack members first.
My pack members. It sounded so amazing. Not only did I find a pack that accepts me, I became their Luna. I have to protect them, if that’s the last thing I do before leaving this world. I thought about seeing the Moon goddess but ever since she joined Jasmine and I, she hasn’t called me back into the garden. On the other hand, I don’t want to see her because it would mean leaving my mate for some days. It would mean leaving the pack at the hands of the enemy since he’d be vunerable.
My thoughts were interrupted when we got to the clinic and I saw Serena standing in front of it. “Serena”, I greeted her when I reached where she was standing. “Luna”, she bowed her head but I waved her off. “What’s going on? Why are you standing outside here? Do you not have the hop plant or are the warriors not responding to it?” I asked with urgency in my voice. The idea of losing that large number of people did not sit well with me.
“I tried already but they’re not responding. I’m sorry but the magic used was black magic and I don’t know how to undo the valerian effect. This seems to be stronger than the normal valerian”, she said calmly.
I felt the anger in me build up till it escaped my body in the form of a loud, painful howl, Jasmine taking control of my body. You’ve got to be kidding me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 109
Lola’s POV
“They’re all going to die? All of them? You’re a motherfucking witch, this should be speciality and you’re telling that I’m going to lose that amount of pack members because you’re not competent enough?” Jasmine snarled in her face but Serena remained unmoving.
“Jasmine, you have to calm down. I’m sure we can find a way around this”, I tried to reason with her but she was blinded with rage and frustration, well mainly with frustration. I was frustrated too but not to the extent of taking out on Serena, she was just trying to help.
“Well, she’s supposed to be the one to know what to do and she already said she can’t. What are we supposed to be able do?” She asked and I sighed. “Just let me be in control and take care of the situation”, I pleaded with her before she reluctantly allowed me to be back in control.
“I’m so sorry for that”, I apologized to her and she bowed lightly. “I understand where she’s coming from, Luna”, she said softly. All of these interactions was being watched by Adrian, Jayden and Rose but they were mute and did not input anything, it was like they were putting the whole situation in my hands.
“What do we do? I can’t keep losing pack members because of this motherfucker. Who will I rule over if he kills off my whole pack?” I asked her, no, I pleaded with her. “There’s a solution but I don’t think you’d be able to do it”, she said.
“If it involves taking care of my pack members, I’d do it a blink of an eye”, I assured her. Adrian put a hand on my shoulder and looked Serena in the face. “What exactly will she be doing? I’m not putting her in harm’s way”, he said amd I rolled my eyes. Like he’d be able to stop me.
The urge to protect my wolves was the most important thing on my mind at that point. “What am I doing, Serena?” I asked, completely disregarding what Adrian said. “Baby, you’re not going to be doing it if it’s too dangerous”, he said in my head and i scoffed. “Watch me do it. They are in that condition because they were protecting OUR pack, YOUR pack, and I should just watch them die? You’ve got to be joking with me”, I told him before putting up the wall to block him out.
I made the mistake of putting down the wall to the pack mindlink and almost got dizzy from the different thoughts going through their heads. Most were grieving for their sons and mates that were part of the warriors, making the rage in me to intensify.
“The valerian is strong but it can be removed with the power of the moon wolf”, she said while looking at me.” That means I have to heal them one after the other right? Let’s get to it then, the earlier we start, the better”, I said before making a move to enter the clinic.
“It doesn’t work like that, Luna. I mean that could also work but we’re running out of time. Their breathing pattern is getting worse and they might stop at any time”, she said. Just then, the pack doctor came out looking worried. “They’re getting worse, Alpha. We might lose all of them soon”, he said.
“What do I do, Serena?” I asked calmly even though I was freaking out on the inside. I hoped it was something I could fix because I just got crowned and I didn’t want the people to be against me. It would affect Jasmine so bad because she was connected to the pack more and she wouldn’t be able to withstand another pack betrayal.
“You have to harness the purity inside you and infuse it with the hop plant. Once they inhale it, they will be free”, she said and I got more confused. Purity? “Purity? How do I harness it? How do I do that? I’m so confused right now, I have no idea what to do, Serena, you have to guide me through this”, I begged frantically. I didn’t care that a crowd was starting to gather, all I wanted was the pack members to be saved.
“I’m afraid I can’t help you with that, Luna. It’s your power, you have to find it”, she said and walked back into the clinic. ” Time is ticking, Lola, time is ticking”, she said before disappearing into the clinic finally.
I staggered and almost fell but Adrian held me. I turned in his arm to face him and saw sadness in his eyes. “What do I do, Adrian?” I asked him in a shaky voice. I was so close to tears and I felt so useless. “We’re going to figure it out. Just calm down, baby”, he assured me even though he sounded unconvinced too.
I swallowed the tears that were threatening to fall and went into the clinic, Adrian, Jayden and Rose followed behind me. I sighted Serena trying to cast spells but nothing seemed to be working.
I turned to Adrian. “Stay close to me at all times, it seems my powers become stronger whenever you’re near me”, I told him and he nodded. “Of course, baby. I’ll stand by you”, he responded.
“Pass me the plant, Serena”, I told Serena who handed me the plant. “Once you’ve harnessed your power, I’ll instruct you on how to infuse it with the plant”, she said and I nodded.
I took a deep sigh and closed my eyes. Purity. Purity. I kept chanting in my head before it felt like I was being pulled through a passage. It was like I was floating around in nothingness after the pulling stopped. I looked around and saw total darkness but amidst the darkness, I saw a white light and floated towards it.
Immediately I came in contact with the light, I felt like I was being filled with some kind of peace and strange energy. From a distance, I heard Serena’s voice. “That’s it. You found it”, she said and I kept holding on to the white light.
I felt something being put in my hands and assumed it was the hop plant. I slowly opened my eyes and the plant seemed to be glowing from within. Serena slowly collected it from my hands and recited some kind of spell before the hop plant slowly diffused into the air.
I turned to look at Adrian who gave me a proud smile. I wanted to smile back at him but darkness swallowed me instead.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 110
Lola’sPOV
I woke up with a very serious headache. I rolled over on the bed, expecting to see Adrian but I was met with nothingness. Jasmine groaned in my head, she was probably feeling what I felt too.
“Hey, girl. Are you good?” I asked her through the mindlink but she just groaned louder. “Lower your motherfucking voice, Lola. It’s killing me. My head hurts, it hurts so much”, she responded.
“I have a killer headache too. I wonder why”, I whispered through the mindlink. “Jeez, it’s crazy. It hurts so much”, she whined before going silent.
I stood up and got dizzy for a while, I had to hold the headboard to steady myself. I looked around and realized that I was in Adrian’s room. His scent suddenly overwhelmed me and I became confused. I was supposed to be able to know how scent before I even realized I was in his room. What’s going on?
It’s been strange since I woke up. First, it was the head splitting headache, then the problems with my senses. I tried to remember the events of the day before and that was when I realized that I had to save some pack members.
That’s true! The pack member.
I tried to mindlink Adrian but his wall was up. That simple act made my blood pressure go over the roof.
Did I fail? Did we lose all pack members? Is that why Adrian is not picking my calls, is he disgusted with me? A thousand and ten thoughts were running through my head in that moment.
I rushed into the bathroom to freshen up before I hastily put on the first pieces of clothing that I saw. It was a black sweatshirt with black ripped jeans. I got a black slippers to go with it and rushed downstairs, hoping to find at least one person in the house.
Imagine my disappointment when I met the house empty. There was no sign of life and everywhere seemed cold. I became more paranoid and ran out of the house towards the clinic.
As I neared the clinic, I saw Lyla’s figure and ran towards her. She sighted me as I was coming and came to meet me halfway. I hugged her gently without hitting her belly as she rubbed my back.
“Calm down, Lola. What’s going on? Is something wrong? Why do you seem to be in a hurry?” She asked worriedly. I took a deep breath before I spoke, “where’s Adrian? Where’s everybody? Are the warriors okay? Is everything fine?” I asked hurriedly,barely stopping to breath in between.
“Hey, hey, relaxxxx. Everyone is fine. Adrian is in the clinic, the warriors are fine too. You did it, Lola. You saved everybody”, she said to which I breathed a sigh of relief. Thank goddess.
“Is Serena in there too”, I asked her and she nodded her head. “I’ll see you later”, i hugged her again before dashing into the clinic. I could see some familiar faces on the bed behind tendered to. The warriors were already cured and my leg almost gave out from being relieved.
Adrian saw me and came towards me. “Baby, what are you doing here?” He said, to which I rolled my eyes. “I woke up to an empty house and you know there was a lack crises yesterday and yet you left me without a note or any form of information”, I said with my hands crossed over my chest.
“You were knocked out, baby. You were out of it and I would have stayed with you but I had to come check up on the warriors “, he said but I wasn’t having any of it. “What of Rose and Jayden? They were not here when I woke up. What time is it?” I asked when I realised that I did not check the time before I suddenly left the house.
“It’s noon already, my queen. That was why I had to leave to come here. I’m sorry for leaving so abruptly”, he pulled me closer and kissed my forehead, temporarily making me forget why I was at the hospital in the first place. “So where’s Rose? I know she’s going to give me a earful for passing out again”, I said while looking around for her.
“She’s not here at the moment. She left the pack with Dad”, he said. Oh. “Oh, where did they go? Hope there’s no problem?” I asked him and he hesitated before talking.
“Moonlit pack. Someone had to go and tell them that their leaders passed away”, he said while looking at me intently. I was filled with guilt again but I tried to not let it show. “Oh, I see. But is that not our job? We’re the new King and Queen, we should have gone”, I said. “First off, you were knocked out. Secondly, I figured you might not want to set foot into that pack again so they volunteered to go on our behalf since they do not have to play their roles as Alpha and Luna in the pack anymore “, he said and I nodded.
“That’s a good thing, I guess”, Jasmine said, “I’d have killed all those that looked down on me on sight”, she growled. Adrian laughed lightly and i glared at him, he was listening to my thoughts again. “Don’t look at me like that, Jasmine is a feisty one “, he said while still laughing.
“Where’s Serena?” I asked, looking around for her. “She’s helping the pack doctor nurse all the warriors back to health. Why do you ask?” He said and I shrugged. I did not know whether I should tell him how I’ve been feeling or not, I didn’t want to worry him.
“I just need to see her concerning some things that happened yesterday. We need to be prepared against next time, although I doubt there will be one”, I said in what I hoped was a convincing tone. He seemed to believe me and pointed me in the direction where he last saw her.
I met her where she sat down gently in a corner, muttering some words to herself. “Serena?” I slowly called out to her but she kept muttering to herself. Suddenly, she looked up and I saw that her eyes had turned all white.
“Death! I see death”, she kept chanting repeatedly while shaking uncontrollably.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 111
Lola’s POV
Death? What’s she talking about?
“Serena! Serena”, I called her as I moved closer to her and tried to shake her out of her state. She didn’t stop shaking uncontrollably and kept repeating death while saying gibberish. I got scared and called Adrian through our mindlink since I did not want draw attention to us.
Adrian came running to where I was and was confused by what she was saying. “What do we do? This is scary, Adrian”, I told him. “She’ll be fine soon. I hope”, he said the last part to himself but I heard him anyways.
Serena suddenly stopped moving and became quiet which totally scared me. I thought she fainted but her chest was still moving steadily and that was the only reason I wasn’t totally freaking out.
“Serena?” I softly called out and she opened her eyes. She looked around and became paranoid. “Where’s Rose and Jayden?” She asked as she looked around frantically.
“They went out of town. You know they’re out of town, what’s the matter?” Adrian asked, suddenly at alert. I was alarmed too. She was talking about death and then asked about Rose and Jayden. What could be the correlation?
“They need to be called back right now. Call them back right now, Adrian”, she was becoming hysterical by the moment and I was starting to panic. Serena is a naturally calm person and I’ve never seen her lose her cool, seeing her become hysterical over Rose and Jayden made me so scared for them.
“Call them back!!!” She was basically screaming at this point. Adrian tried reaching them through the mindlink but he couldn’t. “My phone. Where’s my phone?” He asked coolly, even though it was obvious he was losing his mind.
“I left mine at the house”, i said and he cursed under his breath. I knew he was trying to not freak out but he was doing a very awful job at it. “Someone should get me a motherfucking phone, goddamnit!!” He growled loudly, making gain the attention of everyone in the clinic.
Nathan, whom I did not notice till he showed up in front of us with a cell phone, brought him his cellphone. He immediately tried his parent’s number but it wasn’t going through.
He was obviously losing it at the point and I knew I needed to find a way to make him see reason. “Hoe many days does it take to get to Moonlit pack?” He asked Nathan. “It takes a maximum of two hours to get there, Alpha”, he bowed slightly.
“Girl, it took me 3 days to locate this pack and it’s just 2 hours away? Jasmine screamed in my head and I resisted the urge to roll my eyes at her. “Can you fucking focus? There’s a crucial matter at hand”, I snapped at her before I closed our mindlink.
“Get the car here right now!” He barked at no one in particular and everyone scurried in different directions. “You shouldn’t leave the pack grounds, no one should leave the pack grounds”, Serena said, making everyone stand rooted to where they
were.
“Why? You said they were in danger and no one should go to save them?” The colour of his eyes was starting to change and the atmosphere was really tensed. Everyone looked like they’ll rather be somewhere else. Adrian was radiating his Alpha aura more since Daxon was almost at the surface and it was affecting everyone there except Serena and I.
I subtly placed a hand on his arms DNA and he seemed to relax a bit. “What exactly are you talking about, Serena? You talked about dwath and then asked about Rose and Jayden and you don’t want us to go and save them? We’re unable to reach them as you can see. What do we do?” I asked her. (1
“If anyone leaves the pack ground today, they would die”, she said coolly and I almost screamed. Adrian growled loudly before turning into his wolf and running out of the clinic.
*ADRIAN! ADRIAN! ADRIAN!”, I called after him but he did not respond. He kept on running into the woods, probably to save his parents. “Serena said anyone that flies out of the pack grounds will die. Do you think he’s going to go ahead anyways? Daxon has blocked me out”, Jasmine said in my head and I crouched down with tears streaming down my face.
He’s going to get himself killed. I don’t think I can livee with that.
“Nathan?” I called out after wiping my face clean because I can’t just sit around doing nothing. “Yes, Luna”, he was beside me in a twinkle of an eye. “Make sure he doesn’t leave”, i told him and he stood there shocked. “I, I can’t do that. He’s my Alpha and it would be deemed rude”, he said, slightly bowing his head.
My anger was rising at this point. “And what am I to you?” I asked him but he remained silent. “When I ask a question, I demand an answer Nathan. What the fuck am I to you? I raised my voice at him, allowing a powerful aura to slip into it.” You’re my Luna”, he bowed his head as he spoke.
“That’s right. And as your Luna, I command you to not allow my mate, your Alpha, step foot out of this pack. Tranquilize him, I don’t care, make sure he doesn’t leave the pack grounds. I’m too young to be a widow”, I ordered him before stepping out of the clinic, the reason I came there initially, forgotten.
I got to the house and went straight to where I left my phone. I dialed Rose’s number but she did not pick it up. I tried it again and she picked up.
“Hi, pumpkin”, her voice came through the receiver and I breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank goddess you’re okay”, I breathed out and she chuckled. “What could have been wrong with us? I missed Adrian’s call too but he isn’t picking up. I was just about to call you”, she said, her cheery voice calming me down.
“Where are you?” I questioned her. “Uh, I think we’re just 30 minutes drive away from our pack. Why do you sound so worried? Is something wrong?” She asked.
“Well, Serena said she saw ominous stuff about you guys and Adrian has been worried. He even………”, I stopped when I heard weird noises through the receiver. “Rose, is there anything out of place around where you are?” I asked her. “No, not at all. We’re the only ones on this road”, she said but I still heard the strange noises get louder.
“You’re sure you do not hear nor see anything out of place?” I questioned her again. I was getting anxious like I just knew Serena’s words were true and it’s about to hit. “Pumpkin, you’re acting weird. There’s nothing,….. Watch out Jayden!!!!” Then the line went silent.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 112
Lola’s POV
Then the line went silent.
I tried calling them again but to no avail. I tried mindlinking Adrian to tell him the new development but his wall was up.
“I have a bad feeling about all of these, Lola. We should go out and help them”, Jasmine said anxiously in my head. “I don’t know, Jas. Serena said it’s dangerous to go out there”, I said. I admit that I might be acting like a coward but I don’t want to risk sending any pack member into danger.
“Fuck Serena and what she said. Rose and Jayden might be in danger and you still want us to be sitting idly, waiting for miracle to happen?” She growled at me. She was right. These guys are the closest to parents that I have and I’m just sitting idly when they might be in danger.
Shame on me. 1
“Nathan”, I called him through our mindlink and he answered almost immediately. “Yes, Luna”. “Did he leave the pack grounds already?” I asked. “No, Luna. He hasn’t been sighted leaving the pack”, he answered.
“I called Rose and she picked before it went silent suddenly. Dispatch warriors to the border of the pack and be at alert. She told me they were 30 minutes away from the pack. If they don’t get here in 30 minutes, dispatch the warriors”, I barked out the order.
“But Luna, what Serena said……”, he tried to go against me. The rage and anxiety inside me skyrocketed and I snapped at him. “Fuck what Serena said, Nathan, follow my motherfucking orders. I’ll find Adrian and explain the situation of things to him, carry out my orders now or there’ll be consequences”, I allowed Jasmine’s aura to slip into my command. “Yes, Luna”, he replied and I cut off our link.
I tried to call Rose’s number afterwards but it wasn’t going through. I tried to reach Adrian but his wall was up too. I was so frustrated and angry that I threw my phone, smashing it in the process. 1
What could have gone wrong in the span of 5 minutes that I spoke to Rose? Where could Adrian have gone to? Did he leave before I could pass the order? I couldn’t sit down. I kept pacing up and down, praying as hoping that they were all fine.
My bond with Jayden was getting weaker by the second and that did nothing to help me. “Adrian?”, I tried our mindlink one more time. “Baby”, his voice sounded broken and I was more worried. “Where are you, baby?” I rushed out, forgetting the fact that I called him baby. I just wanted him to be okay.
“Our spot”, he said and I immediately knew where he was. I ran outside and immediately changed into my wolf when I got outside, holding the clothes I picked up with my teeth. I ran towards the path we went the other day on our date. I ran blindly just allowing my senses to lead me.
I didn’t stop until I reached the lake. I saw him curled up by the lake, still in his wolf form. I dropped the clothes that was in my mouth and trotted towards him, making him lift his head slightly to look at him. He looked amazed when he saw me and that was when I remembered that he had never seen me in my wolf form before. 1
“Jasmine?”, his voice came into my head, “is that you?” He asked. “Yeah, it’s me”, I replied to him. “You look so magnificent and beautiful”, he said in amazement, making me chuckle while Jasmine puffed out her chest. Such a silly wolf. “I know I’m.so amazing to look at”, she said with pride and I rolled my eyes at her. 1
“Why are you here alone? This is our spot, we should be here together”, I said as I sat down beside him. He dropped his head on the floor in sadness, the excitement gone from his eyes. “I’m
scared and anxious, Lola. What if Serena is right and I lose both if them? I wouldn’t be able to live with the fact that I didn’t at least do anything to save them”, he seemed to get dejected as the minutes passed by.
“I later tried Rose’s number and she picked up”, I said and he raised his head rapidly. “What did she say? Where are they?” He asked. “Well, she said they were 30 minutes away from here but the phone suddenly went off when she screamed for Jayden”, I told him.
“I already dispatched warriors to the pack boundaries with the order that they should leave the pack grounds if they are not sighted in 30 minutes”, I said, hoping it would calm him down and it seemed to work. “I should go with them too. I will be devastated if they actually encounter a situation we could have easily overcomed if we were larger in numbers”, he said as he stood on all fours.
I was about to speak when I felt a bond being severed in my chest, causing me a tremendous amount of pain. I looked at Adrian’s wolf form through my pain and my heart broke more. He knew who the bond belonged to. He let out a very loud howl which was echoed by pack members. It was an howl filled with pain and anguish and all the pack members felt the broken bond too.
I was about to speak again when Nathan’s voice came into my head. “They came in the car, Luna”, he said and i breathed a sigh of relief. Why was Adrian sad though? Which bond got broken?
“But only Luna Rose came in alive. She was seriously injured and has been taken to the clinic”, I closed the mindlink and got closer to my mate. “We should go, Adrian. We need to go and see Rose, she needs us the most right now”, I said solemnly.
“Yeah, we should”, his solemn voice rang through our mindlink and he nodded his wolfish head. I was so heartbroken and sad and I did not know how to comfort him.
I’ll find out what happened and deal with this later, Rose is the priority now.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 113
Lola’s POV
We left the lakeside together but we separated when we reached the town. He went towards where the car was and I went straight to the hospital. I changed just before I got to the clinic and ran all the way to the clinic. 1
Lyla, Lotana, Avianca and Nathan’s Mom were all there. I rushed in, panting and out of breath. “Wh-where is she?” I asked immediately I reached where they were all standing. Lily, Nathan’s mom was the first to speak. “We haven’t been able to see her either but it very ghastly according to the people that brought her in and witnessed the scene”, shr explained but that did nothing to ease my worries.
I wanted to scream but I reined it in, running my hands down my face instead. “Where’s the motherfucking pack doctor?’ I asked as I looked around for him. My voice was shaking and my breath was getting ragged. It just hit me hard that Jayden was no longer with us and Rose was fighting for her life just because they went on a trip that Adrian and I should have been on.
“Where’s the pack doctor?” I asked softly this time around, the energy in me was suddenly drained and I had no idea what I was doing. I just wanted to see Rose and that was the only thing on my mind.
Like magic, he appeared out of thin air and I rushed to meet him. “What’s the update? Is she fine? What was used on her? She’s going to make it right” I asked him tons of questions at once. Rose’s bond was growing weaker in my head by the second which scared the shit out of me. (1
She was the closest I have to a mother and I was sincerely scared of losing her even though I did not really show it on the inside. It was breaking me and I knew it was going to break Adrian more.
He lost his sister to these rogues, Jayden was no more and Rose was on the verge of death. They’ve taken too much from us, way too much. I needed to put an end to all of these and fast too. 1
I shook myself from my thoughts and focused on the doctor in front of me. “She’s alive but she’s not stable yet. She sustained a lot of injuries and she would have healed but the wolfsbane in her body prevented her from recovering fast”, he said. “The wolfsbane can be removed from her body, right? You have a way to do that, don’t you?” Lily asked from beside me and we all looked at the doctor in anticipation.
“It could have been possible if it were a normal wolfsbane but this one is stronger. It’s probably infused with black magic. It’s slowly spreading through her body and numbing her organs. It’s only a matter of time before her body stops repelling the magic”, he explained.
Those darn rogues and their fucking witch.
I remembered how I was able to cure the warriors even though I blacked out after. “I have to see her”, I said but he seemed reluctant. “I demand to see her as your Luna and you won’t disrespect me by denying me the chance to see her”, I said, allowing my powers to slip into my voice which made him bow in submission.
I did not like having to coerce people into obeying me but they all seemed to not want to respect my decisions in some circumstances, especially matters relating to the pack and it pisses me off.
“This might be harder to remove unlike the time Alpha Adrian got shot”, he tried to speak but I wasn’t having any of it. “I demand to see her right now”, I repeated to which he led the way to the room she was in.
I took a deep breath before I entered her room but I wasn’t prepared for what was in front of me. My legs almost gave out under me, thankfully, I was still holding onto the door handle and that was my saving grace.
She was unrecognisable. Her veins were black and protruding. Her once clear and pale skin looked sickly and dark. She looked dead, save the fall and rise of her chest, it looked painful for her to breathe. I did not know when a tear slipped down my cheeks, giving way to others that flowed freely.
I looked towards the doctor and he shook his head like he meant he was sorry. His eyes were sad and he looked tired too. The whole pack was very silent also, I couldn’t hear anything for miles to come. The atmosphere was sad and depressing.
I slowly moved towards her bed and the doctor excused us, gently closing the door behind him. My limbs were shaking, I didn’t know how I managed to get to her bed without crumbling.
A part of me wanted to call Adrian because I needed the assurance and strength he gave me. Neither Jasmine nor I could bear the thought of her dying on us because we couldn’t do anything.
I slowly took hold of her hands that felt so cold to touch. I closed my eyes and tried to reach for my purity like I did the last time. I found the white light and held tightly to it, I then channelled the energy into the hands I was holding.
The more I held onto her hands, the more I felt like my blood was being replaced with molten lava. It felt hot but I refused to let go of her hands, I wanted her to survive so bad. No, I needed her to survive. I did not know how Adrian was going to turn out when he found out that both his parents passed away when I could have helped.
“You know he’s not going to think about you that way. It’s about time we fully trusted Adrian, he’s proven himself over and over”, Jasmine said in my head but I couldn’t reply because I needed my full concentration to be able to neutralise all of the wolfsbane.
I suddenly felt like I was being pulled into the white light. I refused and held on but I kept slipping and losing consciousness. I felt my name being called but I couldn’t answer the voice, it was even unrecognisable.
“You can let go now, child” an angelic voice said in my head and I allowed myself to be pulled into the world of darkness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 114
Lola’s POV
“Open your eyes, Lola”, a voice said and I slowly stood awakened. I gasped and sat up when I saw the face behind the voice. A very beautiful woman was standing above me, her eyes were the colour of nature, a beautiful, alluring shade of green. Her hair was pure white, the same shade as the white gown she was wearing. Her skin looks milky and amazing and I was just shocked by her beauty.
“Se-selene?” I asked with a stutter and she nodded her head with a smile. “Selene? Oh my goddess, it’s really you?” I asked in a shocked manner and she laughed. “Yes, it’s me Lola”, she chuckled softly and the sound was melodious and magical to my ears.
I had never seen her face do it came as a shock to me that someone could look so magical. “She’s not human, dummy”, Jasmine said in my head making me roll my eyes at her. “Oh, shut up”, I retorted.
I remembered what I was doing before I got pulled into the darkness. “Rose. How’s she? How’s Rose? Was I able to take the venom away from her body completely? Is she okay?” I asked her strings of questions rapidly and she gently put her hands on my shoulder.
“She’s fine, Lola. You did well, you saved her”, she said and I breathed a sigh of relief. She’s saved. She’s okay. I was so relieved I could cry but strangely, I did not feel the need to cry.
“Why am I here?” I asked her after a while. “You have to take a rest from the land of living. You already did too much, the wolfsbane was very strong and it could have killed you if you had held on much longer”, she explained and I nodded.
That explains why I felt like I was burning from inside out. I made to stand up but Selena held my shoulder and made me lie down. “You still need to recover, that’s why you’re in this garden”, she said.
That was when I realized that I wasn’t in the garden. I was in a room that was pure white, it was almost blinding to look at. I was on a bed that felt like heaven and I didn’t feel like standing up. I looked at my hands and it had black veins on it, identical to the ones on Rose’s body.
I remembered that whenever I leave the human world, I spend a whole lot of time. “How many days is it in the human world? Adrian must be worried sick. I have to go back to him, he just lost Jayden, I don’t want him to worry over me again”, I stood up abruptly.
Selene sighed before speaking. “Yes, he’s worried sick because 3 days already passed but you still have to make sure your body is healed perfectly before you go back to the realm of te living”, she paused after saying that like she wanted the words she just spoke to sink into my head. I looked at her without saying anything and she continued what she was saying.
“You still have a whole lot of work before you, Lola. You can’t afford to be weak or unprepared when the time comes”, she said. I felt anger riding within me as she spoke. I agreed that I wasn’t prepared for the war but she has no right to tell me that I wasn’t strong enough.
“Weak?” I asked in surprise and looked at her like she’d grown another head. ‘I did not ask to be out through any of this, Selene. It’s always been placed in my hands, every fucking thing has aleays been placed in my hands”, I raised my voice slightly at her.
“Surviving on my own after my parents died, finding my way out of the pack after being bullied and abused fot years, growing on my own after my mate almost rejected me, finding my own powers on my own and now you say I’m weak?” I wanted to scream and cry but the most I could do was slightly raise my voice at her. 1
“Lola”, she tried to speak but I wasn’t having any of it. “Selene, please. I just want to go back to my mate that must be worried sick. I don’t want to leave him alone in this period. I’m sure I can rest perfectly well beside my mate, let me go back to my mate Selene”, I pleaded with her.
“I promise you that I never forsaked you in any of these moments, it was all a process to build you”, she said softly. I wasn’t going to argue with her, I just wanted to be with Adrian so I just nodded.
“Can I go now?” I asked when I looked down at my hands and the black veins had almost cleared out. She noticed too because see nodded. “I promise that I’m with you every step of the way”, she said before snapping her hands at me. “Be strong, child “, I heard as I kept falling into some kind of hole.
I suddenly opened my eyes and closed it almost immediately, a groan escaping my lips. I slowly opened my eyes again and saw a head full of dark coloured head placed beside me on the bed, holding tightly onto my hands. 1
The sensation running through me indicated that it was my loving mate. The position looked uncomfortable for him since he had to bend his tall frame. I slowly carried my other hand that had IV in it and gently rubbed it over his head, ignoring the pain that ran through me.
His even breathing changed and I knew he was awake. He stiffened for a while before shooting up into a sitting position. The sudden movement made my hand that was on his head suddenly fall onto the bed without warning.
I closed my eyes and hissed in pain. I slowly lifted the hand with my free hands, trying to hold in the pain but it was hard for me. He stood up, making the chair fall back and came towards me. “Thank goddess you’re awake”, he said as he hugged me tightly while avoiding my hurt hand.
He pulled back and I could barely feel the physical pain from how much my heart hurt. Adrian’s face looked sunken and his frame looked lean. He had unkempt beards and let me tell you, I’ve never seen any form of hair on that man’s face. He looked tired and worn out.
I did not realize that I was crying until he wiped my cheeks. “Please, don’t cry. I’m fine, I promise”, he said, softly rubbing my chin. Ignoring the pain in my right hand, I pulled him into another hug while crying profusely.
It’s time to put an end to all of these once and for all.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 115
Lola’s POV
I pulled back and carefully held his handsome face in my hands, scrutinizing carefully while he cleaned my tears that ceased to stop flowing.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you when you needed me most. It must have been so hard”, I hiccuped before I continued talking. “You must have been so sad yet you stood by my side, I’m such a bad mate. I’m sorry for worrying you, baby, I’m so sorry”, I kept repeating while my tears fell.
“Hey, hey, it’s fine. I’m fine, you’re fine, Mom is fine”, he said, looking into my eyes with love and adoration. “Mom is fine because you risked your life for hers. No one, I repeat, no one is as lucky as I am to have you as their other half”, he kept rubbing my chin while rubbinh my arm too.
“You’re the most amazing person I know. What would I have done if I had lost both of them on the same day to the same incident. You saved my sanity, baby, and I’ll forever be grateful for that”, he dropped a kiss on my forehead before he pulled back and sat on the chair he fell initially.
He refused to let go of my hands and kept looking at me like he couldn’t believe I was seated in front of him. “Why are you looking at me like that?” I asked him, feeling shy under his gaze. “Like what?” He asked, still looking at me the same way. Like that”, I mumbled out and he chuckled. I became slightly red and looked away from him.
“Where’s Rose?”, I asked him. Just then, the door swung opened and the woman in question ran into the room. “There she is, Adrian replied just before she got to the other side of the bed and hugged me tightly, almost cutting off my air supply.
“Rose, can’t breatheeeeee”, I wheezed out when she refused to let go of me. She quickly pulled back and sat down on the bed with tears in her eyes. “You’re fine. Thank goddess you’re alive”, she rushed out. “I was scared. I was so scared that I’d lose you because you decided to save me”, her tears were flowing down her cheeks at this point.
She hit me and glared at me. “Ouch, why did you do that?” I asked, rubbing the place where she hit me. “Why did you risk your life for me like that? Why would you do that? You should have allowed me to go with Jayden. Now, I can’t leave you guys until I see that his death has been avenged”, she said, calling her fists. 1
Honestly, I wasn’t expecting that reaction. I was expecting her to be in tears and be heartbroken but she was the total opposite of that. She was calm and doesn’t look to be grieving. If it wasn’t for the bags under her eyes and her swollen eyes, I’d have said she wasn’t grieving over her mate.
“You’re the closest person I have to a mother, Rose. If I had not done it for you, if have lived with the guilt forever. I’m so glad I was able to go that for you”, I held her hands and she nodded in gratitude.
The doctor came in and Rose stood up to make space for him while Adrian refused to let go of my hands through all of it. He said I was ready to go home and within 5 minutes, Lyla, Lotana and Avianca all arrived at the hospital. Lyla was carrying an overnight bag and I figured that it was my change of clothes that was inside it.
She looked at me and burst into tears. I removed my hand from Adrian’s and walked towards him. “Hey, it’s fine girl. I’m fine now, look at me”, I twirled in front of her. She dropped the bag she was holding and pulled me into a hug. 1
“I was so scared when I saw your veins turning black. I was so scared, I thought I was going to lose you”, she cried into my neck while I gently rubbed her back, reassuring her that I wasn’t going anywhere. “I promised to be the godmother to the baby in your belly, you think I’m going to break that promise? Have some faith in my girl”, I said and she burst out laughing.
She stepped away from me and Avianca and Lotana hugged me next. “Don’t ever do that again”, Avianca said, sniffling her nose and I gave her a smile. “Is that for me?” I asked, pointing to the bag that was on the floor and they all nodded. Lotana picked it up and handed it over to me, “yeah, we’re here to take you home”.
I got out after getting changed and met everyone except Adrian sitting there expectantly. “Where did he go?” I asked. “, I asked him to go and freshen up now that you’re awake. We’ll meet him at the house”, Rose answered.
We left the clinic and the atmosphere was sad. It was obvious that there was sadness in the pack. I could feel it radiating off of Rose too but she tried to be bubbly and cheery like before, although I couldn’t see the light in her eyes anymore.
Lotana was not her normal self but I chalked it up to the atmosphere in the pack. She was the most silent in the group but she was extra quiet. Jayden’s death really took a toll on the pack members, he was a good Alpha after all. Lotana followed us to the house but excused herself at the door and said she had some things to attend to, so she couldn’t be a part of us.
Adrian was in the sitting room when we entered and he looked much better than he did when he was at the hospital. He had shaved off his beards and he looked really handsome, Jasmine might have whined in my head.
She was basically purring like a kitten.
I was bought out of my day dreaming when Rose spoke. “How about I get us something to eat, there’s a lot to be discussed”, she said and went into the kitchen. Lyla and Avianca followed behind her while I sighed. 1
It’s time to step up and make some decisions.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 116
Lola’s POV
I went to sit down beside Adrian and he pulled me into his side immediately I was seated. He sniffed my hair and breathed out contentedly. I smiled and looked up at him through my lashes, “what are you doing, Alpha?” I asked and he gave me a boyish grin. “Taking in the lovely scent of my mate and making sure you don’t ever leave my side”, he pulled me impossibly closer and placed a kiss on my forehead.
I kinda like the forehead kisses from him, they give me reassurance and make me feel safe and protected. “What do you think Rose is going to talk about?” I asked him and he shrugged. “I don’t know, baby. We’re about to find out”, he responded.
I knew deep down inside me that I wasn’t going to like the discussion. Nothing has been going fine in the pack for a week or so, I wasn’t expecting her to announce a party or something. I suddenly felt bad for making them toil in the kitchen, especially Lyla who was pregnant, while I lounged around.
I made to stand up but Adrian pulled me against him. “No, you’re not going in there”, he said huskily and I rolled my eyes at him. “Don’t catch an attitude with me, princess, or there will be consequences”, he whispered the last part in my ear, making me shudder in pleasure.
I cleared my throat before I spoke again. “But they’re cooking while I’m seated. I’m really not comfortable with that idea”, i tried to argue but he wasn’t having any of it. “They know you’re just recovering and that’s why no one is going to say anything. Now, you’ll sit your pretty ass down while they cook. I’m sure they will chase you if you go anyways”, he said with so much confidence that made me want to smack him in the back of his head. “I’ll go and see that for myself”, I argued and he allowed me to stand up, smirking at me.
Lyla was the first to spot me when I entered the kitchen. She dropped what she was holding and placed her hands on her waist. “What do you think you’re doing, girl?” She asked with a raised eyebrow. I looked at her sheepishly before looking down at my fingers. When I finally looked up, three pairs of eyes were on me, waiting for my answer.
“I came here to lend a helping hand to you ladies”, I said with a bright smile, hoping to convince them. “No one asked for your help, pumpkin”, Rose was one who spoke up now. “Yeah, Lola”, Avianca chipped in, “no one asked for your help. You just escaped a near death experience so you need to rest”, she said and I pouted.
“So did Rose, and she’s still here in the kitchen”, I argued weakly. “I’ve been awake for 3 days, pumpkin, it doesn’t count. You just got discharged, so you should go back and rest without feeling guilty”, she dismissed me and got back to work.
Adrian was smirking when I went back into the sitting room. He was about to open his mouth but I glared at him. “Don’t you dare say a word”, I said. “I told you so”, he teased me, disregarding my warning.
“Come here”, he opened his arms wide and I reluctantly walked towards him. I straddled him and he wrapped his hands around me. Just then, Jasmine decided to rear her horny, wolfish head.
“I just want to eat him up, he smells so good and amazing”, she purred to which I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, I know he smells amazing but can your horny ass tone it down? It’s not really the time for this”, I chastised her.
“I wasn’t going to do anything, durhhhh. Is it a crime to compliment my mate?” She asked. “It’s not a crime at all, Jasmine”, Adrian answered and I became red with embarrassment, making him laugh lowly. “Stop listening to my thoughts”, I mumbled. “Keep me out of them, then. I can’t help but overhear your conversations with Jasmine. She has to be the most amazing wolf I’ve ever seen”, he complimented her to which she purred in my head.
Sometimes, I don’t know if I have a wolf or a cat with the rate at which this wolf purrs.
Rose came into the sitting room to announce that food is ready. My stomach used that moment to growl loudly, making me red with embarrassment. Adrian stood up with my legs around his waist and my hands around his neck and carried me to the dining area despite my protest.
He set me down and sat beside me while Avianca and Lyla made different eyes at me. I resisted the urge to poke out their eyes with a fork and just went on eating.
“You look so cute together, I’m so glad you found true love”, Lyla’s voice rang in my head and I smiled a little. Lunch wasn’t like it used to be. Rose’s normal chattering was reduced and the tension was there. It was almost like everyone was trying not to talk the wrong way, lest it upsets Rose. Even Adrian was just trying to be fine, I could see it in the way he would do out some times and his eyes didn’t light up at the dining table like it used to.
The girls and I did the dishes after we finished eating. Everyone tried to protest but I was really bent on helping out so I got my way. I washed, Avianca rinsed and Lyla dried it. I decided to bring up Lotana’s strange behaviour earlier as we worked.
“Am I reading too much into it or is Lotana acting strange?” I asked and it was like the wind became still. Lyla sighed before speaking, “to be very honest, she’s been acting weird and all. She hasn’t found her mate and it must be taking a toll on her. That’s what I chalked it up to”, she said and Avianca nodded in agreement.
“She hasn’t found her mate? I thought she wasn’t of age yet, we did not even do a coming of age ceremony for her”, I was shocked by this information. How was I not informed?
“It was during that time that you were asleep for a week after the whole fiasco with Fay. She said she did not want a coming of age ceremony since you were on sick bed, so it was cancelled”, Avianca explained.
“We could have held it after I woke up. Why was I not informed?” I asked, feeling guilty. “She specifically requested that you shouldn’t be told because she knows you’re going to carry the guilt on you head”, Lyla explained and i sighed.
“But lately, she’s been super weird and secretive. I hope she’s going up to us soon”, Lyla finished and I sighed. I felt bad that she had to cancel her most important day because of me.
We wrapped up the dishes and went into the sitting room where Rose was silently crying while being comforted by Adrian. I ran towards them and knelt down in front of her.
“Rose, what’s wrong? What’s the matter with her, Adrian? I asked worriedly.
“I saw him. I saw the rogue king”, she hiccuped through her tears.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 117
Lola’s POV
The rogue king?
I looked at Adrian, Lyla and Avianca and they all looked shocked too. “B-but he’s dead. He’s dead, right?” I asked no one in particular as I sat on the floor with my head in my hands.
I did not know how I felt about the piece of information. Fear? Anger? Pain? I did not know which one was more prominent. I was scared that the man who killed my parents was still on the lookout for me and would do anything to get me for himself. I was angry that he was still alive after ruining my life and wanted revenge on him. Jasmine was growling with anger in my head.
“Where did you see him? How did you know he was the one?” I asked rapidly. Adrian placed a hand on my shoulder, trying to calm me down. “If he was bold enough to show his face and kill Jayden, it must be that he isn’t planning to hide anymore and the war will be upon us soon”, I said to Adrian and he nodded in understanding.
“I understand what you’re trying to say but let’s hear Mom out first. This might be a way forward for us. A difference from the dead ends we’ve always met”, he responded in my head.
“Mom, what exactly happened? How did you know he was the one? I need you to be strong and tell me everything, Mom”, he said softly to Rose. She took a while before she sniffled and sat up well.
“Well, we were on our way back from the Moonlit pack when I saw Lola’s call. She asked if there was anyone around us but I thought she was just being paranoid”, she said with so much emotion. “I’m sorry I doubted you”, she whispered to me and I nodded my head, “maybe we might have been saved if I had allowed him to speed up the way he did”, she sniffled again.
“I was speaking before a figure jumped in front of the car, and that was why I shouted before the line disconnected. The figure seemed to be running from someone, so Jayden and I got down to check in out”.
“The figure seemed unmoving and we thought he was dead. I got my phone from the car to call for help from the pack since we were close to it but something shocking happened”, she paused to blow her nose into the tissue that Adrian was holding for her.
She took a while and I was starting to get impatient but I took deep breaths to calm myself. She finished blowing her nose and continued her story.
“It was a trap, Adrian”, she whispered, holding onto Adrian’s arms. He seemed shaken too and hugged her tightly to his body. That was when it dawned on me that I was so focused on the pain and anger of losing my family, whom I can’t really remember, to the motherfucker, that I forgot that others were grieving too. (1
I shifted close to Rose and placed my head on her lap, a subtle way to show my support emotionally and be there for her. She gently rubbed my head before she continued.
“Before I could comprehend what was going on, we’ve been surrounded by feral looking wolves but they had not just attacked yet. It was like they were waiting for command from someone, a rare sight among rogues since they don’t take commands from anyone”, she said. I looked towards where Lyla and Avianca were and they looked so shocked and comical. I almost laughed but the seriousness of the matter at hand kept me from doing that.
“Jayden was ready to fight and was even protecting the wolf that was on the forest floor. We thought it was being chased by the rogues until it transformed into a human and sat up. The strange thing was that when he transformed, he was fully clothed “, she said and we all looked bewildered.
That was very strange indeed. I’ve never heard of a wolf turning back into human with clothes on except……. I looked towards Rose and she nodded. “Yes Lola, only black magic can enable that and we all know the only person that uses black magic”, she said.
“What happened next, Mom?” Adrian asked impatiently, anger underlying his words. “He looked so young and calm, yet there was something evil about him. Jayden, let the moon bless his soul, pulled me behind him to shield me from the motherfucker. He told us he was Damon, Elias’ son and asked us how we loved the gifts he randomly dropped for you”, Adrian growled at the mention of me and a shudder ran through my spine, and it wasn’t in a good way.
“He then commanded his wolves to tear us into pieces because we were going to be another gift for Lola”, she was crying again at this point. “Jayden fought, he took down almost all of them and when he was about to go for the rogue king, he disappeared into thin air”.
Whew, that was a lot but I was still confused as to how she got her injuries even if it was the injury Jayden got that killed him. ” How did you get the venomous wolfsbane in you?” Lyla asked the question that was at the tip of my tongue.
“When we turned to leave, he returned and shot both of us. He left as soon as he came. Jay was too weak to be able to fight off the venom so I had to drive us to the pack. He died before we could make it halfway”, she sobbed.
“I felt our mate bond severe when he took his last breath, he breathed his last with his hands in mine, his eyes on me”, she was sobbing uncontrollably but still managed to speak through her tears. “His last words were, “Lola and Adrian must bring an end to this”, he did not even get to tell me that he loved me”, she wept.
Adrian hugged his mother as she cried, his jaw was rigid while tears ran down his cheeks. “I promise you that we’re going to put an end to everything he has been doing. I don’t care who he has on his side”, I swore to Adrian through our mindlink and he nodded.
It was time to finally put him in his place. Jayden’s death was the final straw.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 118
Lola’s POV
“Nathan”, I called out to him through our mindlink. “Yes, Luna”, he responded almost immediately. “Meet me at the house in 20 minutes”, then I blocked off our mindlink.
Adrian looked at me in question. “Don’t look at me like that. Action needs to be taken against this fucker, I’ve allowed this to go on for too long, I can’t sit back and watch him tear through my pack anymore”, I told him before sitting beside Rose again.
She had moved back from Adrian and was now resting her head on my shoulder while I rubbed her arms. “What are you going to do?” Shr asked while yawning and I shook my head. “I don’t know, I really don’t know”, I whispered back.
“We’ll also do whatever we can to help”, Avianca said from where she was sitting. I looked towards them with a grateful smile even though I know I wasn’t going to put them in harm’s way like that.
Rose kept yawning so I offer to help her to bed. She argued at first that she did not need any help but I insisted and she finally gave in. She said she did not want to sleep in her former room so I took her into my room since I barely stayed there and it would be easier for me to check up on her.
While she took a shower, I arranged the room and cleared out the bed. I remembered that there was a time I got scented candles from the mall when I went shopping with Lyla, so I got the jasmine scented ones and lighted it for her so that he can sleep well.
She took her time in the bathroom and I knew she had been crying but said nothing about it. I knew how I felt when I got rejected by Grayson, how I felt when Adrian constantly broke my heart and I was sure it was nothing compared to losing a mate, the one you’re supposed to spend the rest of your life with.
“It smells so amazing in here, I love it”, she said with a forced smile as she entered the room again. “I lighted some candles for you, anything for my favorite person in the world. Do not tell Adrian I said that”, I said and she laughed slightly which warmed my heart. 1
I passed her the clothes I picked out for her and waited till she was done before I turned to face her again. She laid down and I made to leave but I held my hands. “I want you to stay till I sleep off, Lola”, she said and I nodded my head.
“I lost my Anna to a rogue attack, also”, she whispered. “Adrian told me. I’m so sorry that had to happen”, I said but she shook her head with a smile. “No, you weren’t the cause of the rogue attack and so, you shouldn’t be sorry for what you did not do”. 1
“But, they wanted the moon wolf, Adrian told me everything. I’m so sorry, Rose. If I had not been born, you’d still have your daughter with you”, I said sadly. She’d have her mate too.
“Oh, silly”, she said with a weak smile, “I might have lost Anna but I got you as my second chance daughter and if gladly go through the pain of losing a daughter again to find you. You’re very amazing and strong that I sometimes envy how you could still stand despite having do much to carry on your shoulder”.
She slowly sat up and cradled my face in her hands, “I’m so glad Adrian did right by you before it became too late. You’re such a precious gem and I’m glad I took you in”, she looked into my soul as she spoke and I couldn’t help but be emotional.
“I’m glad you treated me like yours. I wouldn’t have been able to survive without your help and back up. You were the Mom I lost at a young age and I’d be forever grateful to the moon goddess for the gift of you”. At that point, she was crying again.
“I promise that I’d do whatever it takes to make sure that we get the revenge we deserve, Mom”, I said. She looked shocked at being called that by me. “Mom?” She asked. “Yes, Mom. You’ve played that role perfectly”, I answered her with a huge smile on my face. 1
She hugged me tightly and I felt her body shake with tears. “Thank you, thank you so much, pumpkin”, she whispered, making me teary but I kept my tears at bay. “Now, you need to sleep. You’ve done enough”, I told her as I pulled back and she smiled as she nodded.
She laid down and within minutes, her breath evened out. I gently kissed her forehead before I stepped out of the room. It wasn’t until I left her room that I allowed my tears to fall. I held onto the wall to support myself as all the emotions I had kept in while I was with Rose broke free.
Adrian came up the stairs and saw me crying. Without saying a word, he held me till I stopped crying. He did not say anything nor did he try to stop me from crying and I was grateful for that. The reality of everything just hit me with Jayden’s death and I was just grieving for him.
“Is Nathan here already?” I asked after I stopped crying and he nodded. “That’s why I came to get you”, he responded, “what do you plan to do? What are we going to do?” He asked. I sighed before replying him, “I don’t know Adrian. All I know I’d that we’ve allowed this to go on for long and it’s time to put a stop to it. Let’s start by fishing out the traitor”, I said as I pulled away from him.
We walked hand in hand down the stairs where Avianca, Lyla and Nathan were waiting for us. Nathan bowed slightly in respect when he saw me.
“So, here’s what is going to happen……”
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 119
Lola’s POV
It’s been two months since we lost Jayden which means it’s been two months since we’ve been trying to figure out who the mole in the pack is while trying to figure out we could bring down Damon.
Rogue attacks in the pack became rampant and every time, he’d always leave a note behind. We increased the strength of security around the pack but they still managed to get into the pack undetected. Serena did a spell on the pack that was supposed to keep intruders out but they still managed to enter the pack.
It was frustrating and at some points, I almost gave up on the whole thing. Yes, I almost killed myself. Infact, I tried to, by injecting myself with wolfsbane but Selene sent me back and said my time wasn’t up. Adrian almost went on a rampage and that was my wake up call. 2
When I was finally revived, I realised just how much damage I caused in a week. The pack was almost in ruins because Adrian neglected all of his duties even when the pack was attacked twice. Rose went into depression and I felt very bad for causing so much trouble. 1
After I fully recovered, Adrian was very obstinate about my decision to go back to training because he knew I’d be pushing myself harder than I normally would. Unknown to him, Selene already gave me advice on how to go about unlocking my powers, I guess my near death experience was the reason for that. According to her, she was breaking some laws of the universe but it was becoming unbearable for me and I refused to live if I would keep going through the same thing over and over again. 1
After a lot of conversation and deliberation, I was able to convince him and I went back into training. Apart from being taught how to fight and practising self defence, Serena would come three times in a week to see how far I was doing with unlocking my powers and what other powers I had unlocked.
So far, I have unlocked 2 more powers apart from being able to shoot lightning and healing people. I could create a force shield around myself and I also learned how to use the weather to my advantage.
Everytime, Serena would say I had not reached my full potential and I knew it too but I knew how hard it was going to be to catch Damon if I didn’t reach my full potential. Apparently, he needed me at my full power before he took me but we needed to get him first before he ruined everything.
Knowing that whatever the mole in the pack funds very useful will be relegated to Damon, we made an announcement that the war will be happening soon since all we needed had been put in place. Although we made it seem like it was a means to ginger the warriors, only Adrian and Serena knew the truth.
Through it all, I kept working on myself while also growing with Adrian. We’ve gotten closer than before and I felt his emotions and thoughts like they were mine. Things were not like that till he broke down over the death of his father after holding it for too long. I made a pact to protect my mate and the pack from whatever might threaten their peace and safety. 1
I had gotten stronger and faster on my legs too. When I first started physical training with others, it was hard for me because I was used to Jayden’s way of training. These people held back because I was their Luna, making it difficult for me to be able to learn because they all treated me like a porcelain doll.
I have also been working on extending my force field to a larger area. I wouldn’t be the only one fighting during the war and I will need to protect my pack members too.
“Lola”, a voice took me out of my thoughts and I almost made a force field to shield myself, nearly hurting a nervous looking Lotana in the process. “You scared me, Tana”, I placed my hands over my chest trying to calm my racing heart.
“Are you okay? What scared you? Do you need me to come over? You know I don’t like it when you’re alone, especially in the woods”, Adrian’s voice rang in my head, bringing a smile to my face. He must have felt the change in my breathing. “I’m fine, Papi. I just got startled by Lotana showing up here. I promise that I’m fine Adrian”, I assured him.
I noticed that Lotana was acting differently. I mean, she’s been acting differently since Jayden’s death but today she looked sad and afraid. The Luna instinct in me wanted to shield her and protect her but the friend she suddenly switched up on kept me rooted.
Call me petty, I’ll answer you prettily. 1
“Do you have a minute?” She asked, still wringing her hands and I nodded. “Sure, what do you want to talk about?” I asked her, cleaning the accumulated sweat on my forehead.
“Uhm”, she started, “I’ve been meaning to talk to you about this for a while but I did not know how to go about it because I fucked up royally”, she said. Thank goddess you know.
“I won’t say it’s cool that you decided to switch up but I’m sure we can move past that”, I said to her and she nodded. “Can we move a bit farther?” She gestured towards the guards that were in the distance. 1
I gestured to her to lead the way and she led us deep into the woods, such that we were almost close to the border of the pack. I was getting uneasy with where we were and that was when she stopped.
“What do you want to talk about, Lotana? I need to get back to my training before Adrian before he starts getting worried”, I almost snapped at her but kept my cool. “Yeah, yeah, I’ll make it as short as possible, I don’t have all the time in the world either”, her tone changed, surprising me.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” I snapped at her and she dared laugh. “Jeez, you’re so dumb, don’t you think?” She looked me in the eye before laughing maniacally. “What is going on Lotana? Why are you doing this?” I asked slowly. I contacted Adrian through our mindlink and he said he was on his way immediately.
“I know your mate is on the way so I’ll make this as quick as possible”. Before I could ask her what she meant, I felt something prick my neck and I slowly lost consciousness, not before I said one last thing to Adrian.
“I’m sorry and I love you”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 120
Adrian’s POV
Her last words kept ringing in my head as I barked out orders to the warriors that came with me. I’m sorry and I love you. She was gone when I reached the pack border, the only evidence of her being there was the scrunchie I got for her that was on the ground.
The warriors that were with her at that time were all dead by the time I got there. The only thing that was keeping me from going on a rampage was the fact that I could still feel the mate bond. Even though it was fainter than what I usually feel, it was there.
Nathan came a while later, looking sad and I knew what he was going to say before he said it. “She’s gone man. We couldn’t find her anywhere in the pack”, he said. I howled loudly in sadness and soon the whole pack was filled with howls of sadness. Their Luna had been kidnapped after all.
When we got back to the pack house, everywhere was silent and the whole atmosphere was depressing. The last time the pack was like that was when we lost dad. Even the children must have sensed that something was wrong because they were quiet, very quiet. She was loved by everyone so it doesn’t come as a surprise.
In my head, Daxon was surprisingly quiet which made me worried. He’s always saying something, being silent when his mate was missing was getting me worried.
“Buddy, why are you so silent?” I asked through our mindlink and all I got was a whimper. I was going crazy while maintaining a calm demeanor. “Mate. I need mate”, Daxon was whimpering in my head and I just couldn’t imagine what he was feeling. Usually, the wolf side connects more than the human side does so he must be feeling worse than I did and I felt like I was being teared up from the inside.
“Tomorrow, we will send out a search party to every unclaimed land and every human town across the country. No stone should be left unturned, am I clear?” I barked out my orders to Nathan and the warriors before leaving the silent pack house, Nathan following behind me.
“Are you okay, man?” He asked me after we walked some distance but I kept mute. I did not know how to respond to that without breaking down so I kept mute and just kept walking. He got the memo because he did not ask anything after that and we just went to my house.
We met Lyla, Avianca and Mom in the living room when we got there, they were comforting themselves. It was such a sad sight to see because Mom was having it worse than me. Lola had been her support since Dad passed, I never found out what happened when she took her to her room but I knew that it made them impossibly closer. They were so close that she became depressed after Lola almost took her life and she was just recovering from it. What happened now was surely going to make her revert back to being depressed and I didn’t know how to stop that.
Lyla, who was heavily pregnant, was crying out her eyes too. They talked non-stop about how they were going to raise her baby together and I might have been a bit excited when I was told to be the godfather for the baby. Now, we might never see the baby because our only hope at bringing down the evil that was going to wipe us out was now gone.
Nathan went to hug Lyla tightly to his chest when he met her crying and I felt a pang in my chest. I miss my mate. Mom looked up and broke down into tears again when she did not see Lola with us. She held on to Lyla tightly, I couldn’t take it so I left the room and went to my study, signalling to Nathan to follow me.
He knocked once before he entered the study, closing the door behind him. “I need Jace and his mate here”, he nodded and his eyes glazed over. “They’re on their way”, he said after a while and sat in the chair in front of me. I nodded before drifting into my thoughts.
Was she hurt before being kidnapped? How is she feeling right now? Will she be hurt when she finally sees that Damon guy? Does she miss me? Because I miss her so much. I could barely feel anything through our mate bond, it was like our connection was cut off by something. I wondered how she must have felt being betrayed by someone she trusted as a friend.
Just then, Jace walked in followed by his mate Greg, who also happened to be Lotana’s sister. No one in the pack knew who kidnapped their Luna, they just knew that she was kidnapped.
I looked at Greg intently, making him move closer to his mate and hide behind him. Outraged by the presence of Lotana’s relative, Daxon growled and tried to take control of my body but I tried as much as possible to rein him in. Nathan also stared the Greg pup down which added to the intensity in the room.
“You called for us, Alpha”, Jace spoke up, breaking up the deafening silence in the room. “It’s no news that your Luna got kidnapped today”, I said looking at Greg intently, “it’s also not news to everyone that we have a mole in the pack that works for the rogues”, I added to which Jace nodded.
“We’re well aware of that, Alpha. Tomorrow, we’re also going on a search for her, we promise to bring the Luna back to the pack in good health”, he said, not losing his composure. “Concerning the mole, your mate here should know a thing or two”, I said and watched his reaction closely.
He looked genuinely shocked and I did not know whether I should believe him or not. “Wha-what do y-o-o-ou mean, Alpha? I don’t know anything about the traitor, I don’t know what you’re talking about”, he was visibly shaking at this point. I couldn’t pinpoint if it was out of fear of being caught or fear of me.
“Your sister, Lotana, is the traitor and I’d like to know how you helped her achieve her goal of kidnapping your Luna”, I said. “Lotana did what? I don’t believe you at all. I’m sure she’s somewhere in the pack crying over Lola being kidnapped. They’re very close friends, my sister would never do anything like that”, he kept rambling on and on.
I was about to speak up again when the desk phone in my office rang. “Alpha Adrian of Crescent moon pack speaking”, I said into the receiver.
“I finally get to speak with you, Alpha”. The condescending tone with which he said the Alpha sent a shudder through my spine and I just knew who it was.
Damon. That bastard.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 121
Adrian’s POV
“Who’s this?” I asked just to be sure. He laughed mockingly before answering. “Oh, Adrian. I’m so hurt by your words”, I could imagine him with his hands on his chest, a very wide grin on his face as he spoke. He did not say anything afterwards so I remained silent too, a breathing competition ongoing.
“Who’s that?” Adrian mouthed. “The bastard”, I replied to him and saw Nathan’s eyes change colors before they returned back to his original color. Jace and Greg stood confused in the center of the room, looking from my face to Nathan’s. 1
Daxon was impatient and wanted to take charge but I knew that the fucker was just trying to play mind games so I did not relegate control to him. “Fuck, let me out. I’m going to kill that motherfucker and bury him where no one is going to find him “, Daxon grinded out. “Let you out and then what? You’re just going to ruin everything with your temper. He’s trying to rile us up, so calm the fuck down”. For the first time, I was being the reasonable one. 1
“You’re good”, he said but I still kept mute. “With your temper and reputation, I expected you to be tearing the whole world down right now on search of your mate”, he snickered. “Oh, let me rephrase that”, he went silent for a few seconds before speaking again. “I expected you to be tearing the whole world down in search of MY mate”, he laughed maniacally.
My blood boiled and I couldn’t help the loud growl that escaped my mouth. “Listen here, you deranged son of a gun. You will not touch a hair on my mate’s body not to talk of defiling her”, I gritted out, clenching my fists together to prevent me from lashing out at someone in the room.
“I’m so scared, Alpha Adrian”, he said mockingly. “Good luck trying to find her. I’d be having fun with her beautiful body before I finally take you down, all of you”. The line went silent after that.
I re-dialed the number but I was unable to connect. In a fit of rage, I threw the phone across the room, barely missing Jace. I slumped onto my chair almost in tears. If only I had been faster. If only I had been wary about Lotana’s sudden appearance. If only, just if I had been more careful, my mate would be by my side right now.
“I don’t care how it’s going to be done, I don’t care how you’re going to find her but I want to see my mate in this pack by tomorrow”, I barked out at everyone in the room. Jace and Greg nodded.
“I need every information on your sister before the day runs out. Where she’s been in the past few months, anything and everything that relates to her and your family too. Failure to get me that in an hour will lead to your execution”, I growled at Greg. They bowed before they made their way out of the room,I was left with Nathan and a chaotic mind.
“What if we never find her again? What if she gets marked by that psycho? Will I be able to hold my mate in my arms again? I was broken and felt useless also. I had built my support system around her and now that she wasn’t here, I was slowly falling apart. Deep down inside me, I knew it was a matter of time before I completely lost it.
“We’re going to find her, man. She’s Lyla’s best friend and I know she’ll be heartbroken if nothing is done about it”, Nathan assured me and I hoped to the moon goddess that it would be possible.
“What of Mom and the girls?” I asked him after a moment of silence. “Rose is asleep now, Lyla and Avianca are in the living room”, he replied to me. I stood up and went to the sitting room. They should have some information regarding Lotana too even though they fell out at some point. They were all together in the pack before Lola came into the pack.
“Any new developments?” Lyla stood up immediately she saw us, her face fell when Nathan shook his head. I was glad he did not tell her what happened in the study. I wasn’t sure they would have been able to take it. Everyone knows who took her but I doubt that they want to admit it.
“What information can you give me about Lotana?” I asked them as I took a seat. “Lotana?” Avianca asked, “we barely talk anymore, she just switched up on us after her coming of age and we’ve been distant since then”.
“Yeah, she’s right. We barely talk anymore. Why did you ask?” Lyla chipped in. I looked at Nathan, contemplating if I should tell them the truth or not. “Nathan, what’s going on? How did Lotana get thrown into the equation?” Lyla asked her mate with a stern face.
“She’s the traitor”, I said plainly and they both gasped. “Tha-that can’t be true”, Avianca stuttered. “She can’t do that. Lotana is not that kind of person”, Lyla said too. She looked towards Nathan who nodded subtly.
I was about to speak again when my phone vibrated. A message popped up saying, “I hope you like what you see”, with an image attached to it.
I quickly opened the message and I almost dropped my phone in shock. It was an image of Lola tied up with no clothes on, she had nothing on her and her whole body was on display. Another message came in and I read it almost immediately. “Isn’t she so pretty? I can’t wait for her to be awake so that I can have my way with her the way I want. I’m sure you’ll want videos of your mate moaning my name in pleasure”, the message read.
That was when I lost it. I saw red and Daxon took over my body. He ran out of the house in a fit of rage and ran into the woods destroying everything in his way. I could not reason anything beyond the naked image of my mate. I wanted to burn the world to the ground just to find her before he violated her. She was so innocent, she ran away from her old pack to avoid being defiled and that bastard is trying to take advantage of her again.
I was suddenly surrounded by wolves at the pack border. They were blocking my way and the anger in me tripled. I charged towards the wolves that were blocking my path but I got hit by a needle halfway and fell to the ground, slowly losing consciousness.
No, I need to get to Lola. I need to sa……. The world became black around me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 122
Lola’s POV
I woke up confused, my head banging like a thousand and one stainless plates were being hit together inside of it. I tried to remember what happened but my memory was fogged up and I felt dizzy.
“Jasmine! Jasmine!!” I shouted worriedly in my head when it was all silent and I could barely feel her presence in my head. ” Ugh! Do you not know when to be quiet, Lola?” She asked irritatedly and i breathed a sigh of relief.
At least, she still has her sass.
“I don’t know where we are and why. I can barely feel Adrian in my head and my bond with the pack is weakened also. What’s going on?” I asked her with the hope that she was going to be remember what happened to us but it was to no avail. “I don’t know what happened nor why. I just feel like I’ve been hit by a freight train”, she replied and it was obvious she was in a nasty mood.
I made to turn a bit to be more comfortable with my hands tied when I felt coldness deep into my skin. Wait, what? My skin? I looked down and that was when I saw that I was naked, stark naked. I started panicking and tried to get myself freed from the very uncomfortable position I was tied in.
I heard footsteps coming towards where I was and stopped struggling for a while. The scent of the person was familiar but I just couldn’t place who exactly it was. The door opened and I had to close my eyes briefly when the light shone on my face since the room I was placed in was very dark.
“Glad to see that you’re awake”, a female voice that I would recognise anywhere spoke up. Lotana. She switched on the light in the room and I could see her holding a tray in her hands.
“You!” I seethed. “Yes, meeeee”, she giggled in a very annoying voice and my rage surged despite the position that I was in.” How could you, Lotana? How could you do that to me? Why did you join cohorts with these losers?” I asked angrily, my eyes filled with tears that are waiting to set free.
She placed the tray she was holding on the floor somewhere and moved so close to me. I glared at her as she came closer. I was expecting her to say something but she hit me across the face instead.
I looked at her in shock and she smiled at me. “Yes, that felt great, I’ve always wanted to do that. And you mentioned something about losers when you’re the one that’s tied up. Such a pathetic bitch”, she smiled evilly in my face, shocking me to the bone. Lotana had always been the quiet one in the group, only talking when the need arises, I did not think that she would be the traitor at all.
“What are you doing? Why are you doing this?” I asked her in shock. It was like a movie was playing and I couldn’t phantom the whole thing. She laughed and did a little dance before picking a chair and she sat down beside me, her legs crossed. 1
“As your “friend”, I owe you some explanation or maybe I just want to rub my victory in your face. You might want to get comfortable. Just kidding, you can’t get comfortable, you’re tied up”, she laughed again before she started speaking.
“Well, I found my mate a day or two before you came into our pack even though it wasn’t my coming of age yet. I guess the moon goddess just liked me that much”, she grinned but it wasn’t a kind of grin Lotana would give anyone before. It was dark and seemed evil.
“But we couldn’t be together because your stupid egoistic mate doesn’t like rogues and my darling mate was one of them”, she looked sad before quickly masking it up. “I’d go to the human town under the guise of hopping but it was actually to see my mate”.
“He’d tell me how they planned to take over the whole wolf world and it excited me”, she clapped her hands excitedly. “Who wants to be bound by pack rules forever? Not me. And your beloved mate and his father suck royally”. She made a gagging sound and looked disgusted by the thought of Adrian and Jayden.
“How can you speak of the dead like that? Have you no shame?” I snapped at her and she laughed. “Oh, Lola. You seem to be forgetting that I am the one with the upper hand right now? I’ll suggest you keep your mouth shut or there would be consequences”, she warned before she continued her story.
“One day, he spoke about the moon wolf and guess who showed up in our pack the next day? You!” She laughed manically.” You came into our pack as a pathetic and weak bitch. The first time I saw you was when Nathan brought you to the pack house. The description my mate gave me fitted you perfectly so I decided to be friends with you”.
“We became close and I would have changed my mind but the moon goddess kept blessing you with every motherfucking thing so I decided that I was going to fuck you over”, she smiled at me and I was appalled.
I never would have thought she would be the traitor.
“Then Fay caught me”, she sighed tiredly. “She went shopping also and saw me talking to my mate and then found out that he was a rogue. You know how she is, she decided to blackmail me about it. She was going to tattle to Adrian until I managed to convince her that you were going to be out of the picture and the stupid bitch agreed. It was fun to see her think that she’d be the Luna, she doesn’t even deserve to be human”, she laughed like she’d gone crazy.
“And she deserves to be human? She’s way worse than Fay”, Jasmine said in my head and I totally agreed with her. Lotana had definitely lost it.
“Well, all I had to do was provide information about you, your whereabouts and all. Fay was supposed to lay low until you were finally out of the picture but the bitch had to fuck up and show up at your coronation”, she rubbed her temples tiredly.
“She was supposed to be killed alongside your former Alphas but she turned out to be Damon’s mate so she was saved. I couldn’t take your bullshit anymore so I separated myself from you and your friends till you reached your full potential and now we’re here”, she finished.
I just looked at her blankly. I had no idea what to do or say, I was at a loss for words and I’d never felt betrayal this deep. She looked at me with a sick satisfaction on her face which made me sick to my stomach.
She got up and passed the tray to me. “Make sure you eat, Luna. You’ll need the energy for what’s about to come”. With that she left the room leaving me to my tears and thoughts.
This definitely took a different turn than I expected.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 123
Lola’s POV
I didn’t know how much time passed because I was wallowing in self-pity. I thought I had people I could trust. I thought I was loved by my friends only to find out that I was befriended by someone who wanted to see me fall.
I did not touch the food, not like I could if I wanted to, because I felt like she would have poisoned it. My hands keep aching from being bound above my head for so long but it was nothing compared to the ache in my heart.
I missed Adrian and Rose and Lyla and Avianca and Nathan and Dylan that barely spoke to me but makes me laugh anytime he does. I did not know I was crying until I felt droplets of water on my chest. I went to wipe it but the pain in my arms mocked me. I started laughing loudly while also sobbing, the two moving perfectly with each other. Anyone who saw me would have thought I had gone crazy.
I thought getting rejected by Grayson was painful but I felt the betrayal from Lotana more. We all laughed together, she was with me during my darkest times, we gave each other strength and energy to power through anything but she turned out to be the one to stab me in the back.
My mind drifted to Adrian and I wished I was back home in his arms while we talked about random things. I missed the little touches and random forehead kisses. “I miss him too”, Jasmine whimpered in my head. What would he be doing now? Is he fine? A lot ran through my head.
The door opened again and I closed my eyes. The scent of the person that entered the room was different and from the strong scent, I knew it was a man but I did not have the strength to hide my naked body from him. I felt him come closer but I did not open my eyes and laid there.
“Do you think we can hypnotize our way out of this situation?” Jasmine asked in my head. “Even if we get untied, we need to see that fucker, we can’t just escape like that. We need to be pitied for any of these to work”, I told her. “I’m about to damn whatever we planned Lola”, she hissed and I blocked her out.
So hot-headed.
“I know you’re awake, love. Your uneven breathing gave that away”, the voice said while running his hands down the side of my face. I sighed before opening my eyes. I sighed before finally opening my eyes.
I was expecting to see a very ugly man but was surprised that he looked very fine, not nearly as gorgeous as Adrian but he was okay. He had blonde hair and hazel eyes with a scar running down his face.
“Luke what you see?” He asked cockily and I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. He roamed his eyes over my body and I felt disgusted with myself but there was no way I could cover myself up. I felt like I was betraying Adrian by allowing another man to see my nakedness.
“I like what I see though, I’m sure we’re going to have a good time together”, he said in a very creepy way. I couldn’t stop the retching sound that left my lips and he looked at me with a smirk. He was obviously having so much fun at my discomfort. ” Don’t worry, you’re going to be begging for me soon”, he said before giving me a pat on my cheeks. He stood up and walked around me, his eyes not leaving my body.
He finally looked at my face and smirked at me. “Forgive my manners, love, I should have introduced myself first but your beauty blinded me. Jasmine made a retching sound in my head but I kept my face neutral. “I am Damon, the rogue king. I’ve been sending you gifts for a while now, I hope you liked all of them?” He asked with a big smile on my face and if my hands were not tied, I’d have slapped him.
“I see you’re not going to talk to me, I like my feisty women. I’d have had my way with you but your pathetic mate needs to suffer before I share a video of us making love”, he squatted in front of me again. He held my chin and made me look him in the eyed while he grabbed one of my breasts.
A single tear rolled down my cheeks at being defiled by this vile man. His hands felt like I was being pricked by a thousand needles. Through our mate bond, I felt sadness radiating from Adrian or I could have been wrong. Apart from the tears streaming down my face, I didn’t show any emotions at all. I did not want the bastard to see how much he affected me.
When he saw that I wasn’t responding to him groping my boobs, he forcefully kissed me. I tried to free myself from him and kept moving my head sideways to escape his lips but he did not relent.
He forcefully held my neck and kissed me roughly, bruising my lips in the process. When he finally released me, I wanted to crawl out of my skin because I felt so disgusted and dirty with myself. I know how much it was going to hurt Adrian if he ever found out what happened.
He stood up with a satisfying smirk on his lips and a mischievous glint in his eyes. “I will make you feel so much better than this when you’re finally mine, love”. He looked at the wristwatch on his wrist and whistled.
“Duty calls. I’ll be back for more later”, he turned to go but stopped in his tracks again. “I see that you haven’t touched your food”, he gestured towards the tray of food that was still on the floor where Lotana left it. “It’s advisable you eat it because you’ll need the energy for what’s about to come”. With that, he left the room, turning off the light on his way out.
My tears started streaming down my face afresh after he left. I wish this would be over soon, I need my mate.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 124
Lola’s POV
I didn’t know I was asleep until I got jerked awake when a door slammed. I went to sit up quickly but I got pulled back by my hands that were still in their uncomfortable position. I got dragged back by the chain and hit my head on the floor, biting the insides of my cheeks to prevent any sounds of pain from escaping.
The light was still off but I could make out two silhouettes in the dark, one of which belonged to Lotana. The second silhouette looked vaguely familiar and just when I was about to conclude who it was, the light came on revealing who it was.
Fay.
She stood beside Lotana and looked at me condescendingly. I looked at both of them and they actually looked like the perfect duo, bitches deserve each other after all. Fay stepped forward looking all pretty and dolled up in pretty dresses which reminded me that I was completely naked.
“This status suits you perfectly well. A lowlife like you shouldn’t be amongst important people anyway”, she snickered but I just kept staring at her, not allowing myself to be intimidated by her. Her eyes twitched in anger and I just knew that she was about to lose it.
When I did not answer her, she spoke again. “Every disappointment is a blessing, don’t you think, Lotana?” She asked Lotana, who nodded before going back to picking at her nails. “If I had been the Queen of the wolves, I’d have ended up in this position. I’m glad I got rejected by Adrian and I found love here”, she giggled and covered her face with her hands. “You’ll all be wiped out and I’ll become the queen of wolves like I originally wanted”, she said happily.
I looked at her intently before I started laughing. I laughed hysterically until my stomach hurt. Lotana and Fay looked at me in surprise but I did not stop laughing. I laughed so much that tears came out of my eyes.
“What the fuck are you laughing at, bitch?” Fay asked, her voice angry and screechy. “I said, what are you laughing at?” Her voice went up an octave and her face was red. I managed to stop laughing and took a deep breath before speaking again.
“Fay, you’re so dumb and naive when it comes to things like this. One would think a warrior like you would know these things “‘, I looked her dead in the eyes before speaking again. “Even if you fuck your way to being the Queen Luna, you’ll not still have significance enough to be wanted like this”, I smiled at her.
I understood that I was being mean but if she goes low, I’ll go lower. Being pushed around or looked down upon by someone who only covets my position is a no no.
“What did you just say?” She asked in a surprised tone. “Keep up, Fay”, I smirked at her. She looked at me with anger and hatred in her eyes and I gave her a glare with the same intensity. “If I could take control right now, I’ll show her just how much I hate her guts”, Jasmine growled in my head.
“Do you not see it or you’re just delusional because you’re power hungry?” I asked her, allowing the question to linger in the air before I spoke again. “You’re always the option, you were never the original plan”, I told her.
From the corner of my eyes, I saw Lotana trying to hide her laughter behind her hands. Fay’s left eye kept twitching and I knew it was due to being angry. I disregarded that and continued with what I was going to say anyways.
“With Adrian, you were always the backup plan. He chose you in case he didn’t find his mate yet he kept looking for his true mate all around the globe even though you were already chosen to be his”, I said. “Now, your mate wants me, which is why he kidnapped me. You’re probably just a desire satisfying tool and nothing more and yet, you dare to compare us?” I asked, a mean look in my eyes.
She moved close to me and gave me a slap that made my head hit the wall in the process. I felt the metallic taste of blood iny mouth but I kept my smile on my face. She became more furious and tried to hit me again but Lotana held her hand.
“What are you doing? Let me go, Lotana”, she struggled against Lotana who refused to let go of her hands. “You told me you
just wanted to see her, why are you hitting her?” Lotana asked her but she kept struggling against her. “Damon is not going to go easy on you if he ever found out that you hit her”, she shook her as she spoke.
Fay calmed down and stepped back from me, still glaring at me. “Tell Damon that I’m ready to see him”, I told Lotana and she looked at me like I had gone crazy. “Why do you want to see my mate?” Fay piped up. I rolled my eyes at her and sat up slowly, taking my chained arms into consideration.
“That’s between him and I, Fay. Lotana, can you tell your Alpha that I’d like to talk to him?” I faced Lotana, purposely ignoring a fuming Fay.
“What are you going to do when you see him?” Jasmine asked in my head. “It’s time to start putting our plans into action” I replied to her.
Just then, Damon entered as if he was summoned. Fay’s body language changed and she became all sultry and nice. She smiled, pushed out her chest and went towards Damon. Damon pushed her to the side and walked towards me.
Oopsies. I was right.
“Why are you here?” He directed his questions at Lotana and Fay. “I only came to see a former friend, baby, it’s not a big deal, I promise”, she smiled but he did not return it.
He turned to me with a smile and I felt disgusted but I managed to return it with one of my own. “I’m ready to be yours, Damon”, I told him which made his grin wider, “but on my own terms”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 125
Lola’s POV
His smile faltered before he started speaking. “Sure, darling. I’m sure we can work out something while putting your terms into consideration”, his smile returned to his face.
Behind him, I heard a sharp intake of breath before Fay spoke up. She walked up to where Damon was standing and stood beside him with a look of shook on her face. “Damon, you can’t do that to me”, she said, her voice raising with every word. Damon’s smile vanished as soon as it came on to his face and I found it scary.
He held her by her neck and slammed her against the wall in an instant. Lotana instinctively took a step back and made herself smaller which made me wonder why they follow someone that disrespected them do much.
Even though Adrian did not like me when I entered Crescent moon pack, he never raised his hands at me. As much as everyone complained about him being aloof and proud, they didn’t fear him like this which made me wondered why they still followed him despite all his wrongdoings.
“What did I tell you about knowing your place?” He spat in her face and I watched the way fear came over her face. She scratched at his hands that were around her throat but he did not let go. He tightened it further, almost cutting off her supply of air. “D-d-d-amo-on”, she spluttered as she kept clawing at his hands and arms.
“You’ll know your place and respect me, slut”, he snarled in her face, his voice wavering between his normal voice and a deeper one. I did not need to see his face before I knew that his wolf was trying to take control. “The only reason you’re still alive is that you know how to suck dick real good, your pussy can’t even make me feel good because you’re a whore and you want to dictate what to do to me?” He growled at her and I shuddered where I was.
Dear goddess. How did all of these people ended up following such a vile and cause person?
“Do not speak until you’re spoken to. Do not look at me until you’re ordered to. You’ll not be around me unless I summon you, is that clear?” He asked to which she hurriedly nodded her head. He retracted his hands and she fell to the floor, coughing violently.
My heart was beating rapidly in my chest as I watched the scene. If he could do something so terrible to his mate, he wouldn’t hesitate to do worse to me if I pissed him off. “We’ve been chained up for how long now and you think he wouldn’t do worse? He’s a beast that deserves to rot in the deepest part of hell”, Jasmine said in my head and I totally agreed.
I looked towards Fay and my heart reached out to her. No one should be treated like that by their mate. If only I wasn’t put in a position where I have to tread carefully to execute my plans to save my world, I’d have damned all consequences and said something but like a coward, I kept quiet and watched.
He turned towards me with a creepy smile on his face and squatted in front of me. I instinctively moved back and he smirked. That psycho definitely gets some kind of high from being feared by people. “Did you just realized that? We would be living happily with our mate if his family did not have the knack for being feared”, Jasmine sassed in my head and I almost rolled my eyes at her.
He put forward his hand and moved my hair out of my face. It took all of my willpower to not flinch back from his touch. He smiled in satisfaction when he noticed that I wasn’t pulling back from his touch.
“Good girl”, he cooed, “we won’t have any problems if you’re submissive and do whatever I say”, he spoke, his hands leaving my face and roaming about my body. He roughly grabbed my breast as he practically eye-raped me. I felt disgusted with myself but I knew that I have to put up with it if I was going to make it out of there alive.
He stood up after he was gone assaulting me and he had the guts to smile down at me. “You’ll be unchained and clothed in a while, we can then discuss your terms and conditions”, he said with an air of authority. He turned towards Lotana that had been silently watching the whole scene. “Get her clothes that befits a queen”.
With that he left the room. Fay looked at me with a tear stained face before leaving the room quietly, Lotana following behind her. I sighed when they finally left the room.
After some moments, Lotana came back into the room, followed by a buff guy that had a set of keys with him. He did not spare me any glance before he unlocked the chain that held my hands together. After unlocking the chains, he stepped out without saying a word.
I gently massaged my strained arms and almost cried with relief. Lotana threw some clothes at me begrudgingly and crossed her arms over her chest. “Dress up, princess. You get everything dropped into your laps again”, she sneered at me to which I rolled my eyes. “You don’t have to be bitter about anything, Lotana. We were friends before all of these, at least I considered you my friend”, I said. “I hope it won’t take too long before you realize that this side of the war is eventually going to lose. Good will always prevail”.
Uncertainty passed over her features before she went back to being cold and distant. I stood up slowly, my body protesting from being in the same position for too long and slowly put on the clothes that was brought for me. It was a simple gown that reached below my knees.
“Follow me”, she said and led me out into the corridor. I have to admit that I was amazed by how magnificent the building looked when we finally walked into the well-lit area. It was sparkling, almost everything was in golden colour. I did not take much in before Lotana led me into a big room.
“The shower is over there”, she pointed to the door on the left side of the room. “New clothes will be delivered to you, make sure you clean up well like a queen”, she said monotonously. “His orders, not mine”, she left the room after that, leaving me with my thoughts.
I slowly walked to the bathroom, a thousand and ten things on my mind but the one that stood out the most was my silent prayer to Selene.
Guide me, moon goddess.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 126
Lola’s POV
I took my time cleaning my body. When I looked in the mirror before getting into the shower, I felt disgusted with my body. I remembered how he looked at me and touched me all over and bile rose to my throat. I emptied my stomach contents,which was nothing, into the toilet bowl.
I was dry heaving for almost 5 minutes while crying profusely. When I finally had the energy to stand up from where I was, I stood under the shower and turned the water to a scalding temperature. I scrubbed my body vigorously while crying, I wished I could grow out another skin to present to Adrian because this one has been tainted by that bastard.
When I no longer had the energy to scrub my skin, I stood under the shower, allowing the water to wash my shame away. I stood in front of the mirror again, hoping to feel better but I looked and felt worse. My skin was red, my hair had lost its shiny appearance, it just fell down my back lifelessly. I couldn’t bear to look at myself in the mirror anymore so I hurriedly left the bathroom before I could have another mental breakdown.
When I entered the room, I saw new sets of clothes on the bed. Merely looking at the clothes, I knew they were humiliating and degrading and I was proven right when I finally put it on. The gown was blood red, and I would have loved it if I was actually wearing it for my mate but I felt so angry that he somehow knew colors that fit my skin perfectly.
That darn Lotana. She’s the only one that could tell him what I wear. The color of the dress was the only thing good about it. It was barely covering my ass, the top half of the dress left nothing to the imagination. Apart from the fact that it was see through with a patch to cover my nipples, it was tight fitting which made my breasts almost spill out of it. It was also opened at the side which means that my skin was on display than I would have liked.
I knew he did it on purpose because it was almost like he was trying to degrade me. My mind went to what Adrian should have done if he saw me but I refused to let myself cry or show weakness because it was going to leave him satisfied.
A knock sounded on the door followed by, “you should come out if you’re done dressing up”. I looked at the door and looked at myself in the mirror again. The urge to remove the dress and wear the gown Lotana gave me initially, overwhelmed me. “We have to do this for our people, Lola. I’m sorry you have to go through this but it must be done”, she said sadly in my head. The knock came again, more forcefully than the last time. “If you do not come out now, I’d come in and take you to the King regardless of the state you’re in”, he threatened.
I sighed, put on the ridiculously high heel that was placed by the bed and stood up just in time for the door to open and the buff guy from earlier entered. His jaw almost dropped when he saw me, his eyes raked over my body and he licked his lips.
I knew what that meant and I was further disgusted. Adrian would have poked out the eyes of anyone that looked at me like that. Moments like this are what makes me want to give up on my plan and run back to my mate.
“My eyes are up here”, I said with venom when he kept looking at me with hunger in his eyes. He shook his head before stepping out of the room and I followed after him. At least he was gentlemanly enough to stop staring when I pointed it out to him.
We reached a large set of doors and he moved to the side and gestured towards the door. “We’re here”. I took a deep breath before I pushed open the door. I almost fell on my face when I entered the room because I was startled by what I saw. The door closed behind me and I jumped before I started walking to the front of the room where Damon sat.
There were a lot of girls in the room and none of them wore proper clothes. I could say that I was the most clothed one in that room. They all wore some form of maid custom that hid nothing. Only their pussy was hidden by the apron that ended just below their vagina. Their breasts and butt were on display and the men there were groping and spanking them as they passed. Some were even having sex in groups and no one saw anything wrong with it. I felt nauseated but I contained myself and looked away, eyes on the bastard I was working towards.
I got a lot of stares from men and looks of disdain from the women as I walked, even those that were going at it like rabbits stopped at some point and looked at me.
Damon smiled widely like he had won a lottery and I wanted to smack the smile out of his face but my life was on the line. I finally made it to where he was seated and he stood up to greet me. He clapped once and the whole room became silent.
“I’d like to announce to everyone that the moment we’ve been waiting for is here”, he said to the crowd of men with a smile. He held out his hands and I took it because I didn’t want to be rude to him in front of the crowd lest he decided to punish me for being rude.
“I want you all to meet your future queen and the moon wolf we’ve been waiting for to fulfill our dreams. Give it up for Lola Ashton”, he raised his glass into the air and loud cheers followed.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 127
Damon’s POV
I felt so happy and fulfilled. The destiny I’ve chased for 8 years was about to be mine. If only Dad was alive to see me accomplish what he couldn’t. “If only he didn’t doubt us or he had not been greedy, he might have been alive to see you grow into twice the man he ever was”, my wolf, Asher, said in my head and I totally agreed with him.
I was always quiet and reserved till I became 17. All I wanted was to be in a pack of people that loved me unconditionally. I heard stories from my nannies that were hijacked from their packs. They were all nice and loving stories. They all lived in harmony and loved each other. They always looked out for each other and parents were kind to their offsprings which made me want to experience such.
Father never had my time, Mom was just one of the many sluts that father slept with. He let her give her to me because he felt he needed an heir and killed her off after that. He told me that I should never allow myself to get attached to anyone because it was going to be my downfall.
He was always conquering packs that he thinks are small and weak because according to him, weak beings shouldn’t be allowed to live free, they’re supposed to be slaves to the stronger ones. Small packs that didn’t want to be killed off usually changed their way of governance and followed my dad’s footsteps. Most small packs were not under his control because they had a very strong alliance with the Alpha King.
I loved the idea of being in love with one person for life while staying in a pack where we will be supported and loved. All of these ended when I turned 17 and went out of the pack for the first time. I was a naive and weak wolf, I had always been that way, so dad barely made me train, I felt that was his way of showing that he cared about me.
I sneaked out of our land one day and went to one of the packs hoping to get a feel of how life in the pack was but what I met there wasn’t what I expected. I wasn’t welcomed at all, infact, I was imprisoned on getting there for being a rogue.
The only reason I was able to escape was because Dad had a spy in the pack that was able to get me out before I could be executed. When I got back, I was punished by dad for a week. I was whipped and locked up with little to no food. Since then, my take on packs being nice to outsiders changed and I started following in the footsteps of my father.
The problems between us started when the moon wolf search started. Dad wanted her for himself but I also wanted her for myself because I wanted to be powerful enough to make those packs fall under me, especially the Alpha King’s pack.
I made him do all the hard work of finding out where the moon wolf was before I killed him off in his sleep and took over as the King of rogues. The news of his death was spread around and everyone thought they were free until Lola became ripe enough to find a mate. When her mate turned out to be the next Alpha King, I was so glad because it meant killing two birds with one stone.
I partnered with a powerful witch that was into black magic because I knew it was going to be necessary if I was going to make more soldiers that can help me take down the pack wolves. I was overjoyed when I finally had Lola to myself because it was only a matter of time before my dreams came to pass.
My mind came back to the present when she reached where I was sitting in the dress I picked for her. She looked so sexy and I planned to show off her amazing body to the whole world. It took a lot of willpower to not take her when she was naked in the room I kept her but I knew she wouldn’t want that kind of thing so I decided to take things easy with her. I was surprised when she said we were only going to be together on her own terms and conditions. No woman has ever spoken up against me, my word is the law around here so it felt nice to have someone go against me for a change.
I made a toast and cheers erupted around the room. I made her sit on my lap and she stiffened. “Can we take her right now?” Asher asked in my head but I disagreed with him. “We already agreed that she’s special and will be treated as such. If you need to take out your sexual frustration on someone, Fay will be perfect for you”, I told him and he growled lowly before going silent.
I noticed that she was wary of everyone that was seated in the room and pulled her tighter against me. “Don’t worry, I wouldn’t allow anyone to touch you”, I told her but it did nothing to ease her rigid position. “Not before I touch you”, she wanted to pull away from me after what I said but I restricted her movement. “I’d behave myself if I were you, love, you don’t want to become like all these girls, do you?” I asked her quietly with the aim of threatening her into submission.
She turned on my laps and looked me right in the eyes, “can we talk now? Away from everyone”. “She sure has nerves, I like her”, Asher approved of her and I couldn’t help but agree with him.
She slid off my lap and I stood up after her, leading her to one of the rooms enjoined to the room. I noticed that she was wringing her hands together, something I know to be a sign of distress or nervousness. I sat down in one of the chairs in the room and stared at her, waiting for her to speak. She didn’t speak so I spoke first.
“What are your terms and conditions?” I asked her. She took a deep breath before she spoke. “There’ll be no form of intimacy between us until I fully become your Queen. Also, you can’t force me into becoming your Queen, you have to earn my trust and show me that you’re worthy of my love”, she said.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 128
Lola’s POV
He was silent after I spoke which left me wondering if I had passed my boundary and would be executed with immediate effect but I steadied my breathing and refused to let my chin and shoulders drop. He looked me in the eyes and I returned the staring, I refused to be intimidated by him.
“I knew I waited this long to find you for a very good reason. I wouldn’t have been so invested in a woman that would just obey me without trying to question what I do or say”, he said as he relaxed into the chair and smiled at me. “I can’t wait to ravish you and make you mine so that we can take over the world together but I have to comply to whatever my queen says”, he retorted.
I internally sighed in relief for still having my head on my neck despite going against him, it must be the moon goddess working in my favour. He made a come hither motion with his index finger and I sluggishly walked towards him. He tapped his laps and I sat on it.
“So tell me about yourself. I should know my queen more, don’t you think?” He asked while tightening his arms around me which made my skin crawl but I refrained from flinching from him.
“There’s not much to say about me but I’d like to ask a question though”, I said and he nodded. “That room that we were in before”, I pointed towards the room, “why were those girls practucalky naked? I noticed that humans were there too, do they know about our existence?” I asked him and he chuckled. 1
“You didn’t have something like that in your old pack?” He asked and I shook my head. “What do your males do for fun then? ” He asked and I felt my blood boil. Making women parade half naked is his definition of fun? This bastard reserved to rot in the deepest pit of hell. I wished I could end him right there and then but I needed some informations before I could do such.
“I asked a question, love”, his voice brought me out of my thoughts. “Uhm, I don’t know what they do for fun”, I told him.’ Well, those girls outside are for the satisfaction of the men present”, he said with pride. I hoped to the moon goddess that my face wasn’t showing how much disgust I felt.
“But why are humans there? They’re not supposed to know about our world, right?” I asked him. He laughed before he spoke again. “My love, in the new world we’ll be ruling over, only two things mattered”, he stared at me after he said that sentence. I expected him to continue but he didn’t so I probed further, “and what exactly could the two things be?”
“Power and riches”, he said and leaned his back into the chair, giving me some space to breathe freely which I was grateful for. “I don’t get it”, I told him. “The humans out there are very influential people that want to get a good lay and it’s not news that werewolves have better genes than the average human do they come here to get good pussy from our women while we build connections in important sectors in the society. Financial sector, political sector, defense sector and many more of those important areas that make a country”, he explained and I had only one thing that came to mind.
He’s unhinged.
“So you’re telling me that that’s how it’s going to be when we start ruling. The ladies will be sold for influence while we benefit from it. What happens to ladies that can’t be sold? What role will the men play? What if someone finds their soulmate, will they be able to be together?” I fired at him rapidly, my emotions almost getting the best of me.
“First off, men are created to enjoy and be pleased”, he said and I almost exploded but I somehow kept my cool. “And there’s nothing like soulmates. If there was, you wouldn’t be here right now, Fay will be. Females that can’t be sold will be slaves to the pack. The few lucky ones like you will be able to dine with Kings and influential people. This is why you should agree to be my Queen, I wouldn’t let anyone hurt or harm you”, he said, his voice becoming soft towards the end.
“He’s crazy. Are you sure we still want to go through with this plan?” Jasmine asked in my head and I sighed internally. “I’m really starting to rethink the whole plan, Jas. It gets worse every time I hear him talk, how can one person be so heartless and crazy?” I said to Jasmine.
“Can I go to sleep?” I asked him. “You don’t like my company? Did I do something wrong?” He asked and I shook my head with a smile that I hoped seemed real to him. “No, not at all. I’d just like to rest properly since I got here”, I said as softly as I could and he nodded. I suddenly remembered that I had no idea how long I had been kidnapped for so I asked.
“How long has it been since I got here?” I asked him. “Three days, my love”, he replied. Three days of not being Adrian nor my friends and Rose. I felt shattered because I knew that they would be very worried about me.
“I’d get someone to take you to the room you’d be till you become mine”, he grinned and I managed to smile even though it hurts me to smile with the enemy.
A knock sounded on the door and I stood up. He followed after and opened the door where the buff guy from before stood. He bowed his head when he saw both of us.
“Take her to the room adjacent to mine”, he ordered and Buff nodded. He turned and I followed after him. We were almost out of sight when he called out my name. “Lola”, I turned to look at him, my eyebrows raised in question. “Don’t play with me”, he said before going back into the room where he was.
My legs almost gave out from under me but I maintained my posture as we left. Does he know?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 129
,Lola’s POV
Buff led me to a room and stood back while I stood in front of it. “This is the room?” I asked him and he jerked out of the reverie he was in. He licked his lips and looked up from my legs before nodding his head.
I didn’t spare him another look before a closed the door and went into the room, slamming eye door closed behind me. I walked into the large room and fell facedown onto the bed. Tears threatened to fall but I held it in, being a cry baby won’t solve anything but being a chronic thinker and coming up with ideas will solve a lot.
I sat up, removed shoes and massaged my legs. Every part of my body hurt and I mean every part of my body. I stood up to lock the door behind me because I didn’t want psycho to enter when I sleep off. I took of tharre piece of clothing I was wearing and fell asleep thinking about how the world would have been a better place to live if there weren’t scum like Damon.
******
The next morning, I was awake before the sun and laid down thinking about my mate. I lightly touched my mark and tears filled my eyes. I knew something was wrong with Adrian but I couldn’t be there for him.
Rose has probably gone into depression again, leaving Lyla and Avianca to take care of her. Talking about Avianca and Lyla, will I ever see them again? Lyla will be due in a month or two and I might not even see her nor the baby. I was still in my thoughts when a rough knock sounded at the door.
“Who’s there?” I snapped at whoever was at the door but the incessant knocking continued. Whoever was at the door was definitely a bastard with no etiquette. I stood up begrudgingly, wrapped the duvet around myself and walked to the door.
Buff was about to knock again when I opened the door. I looked at him with an eyebrow raised while rage filled me. “Is everyone mannerless around here?” I asked angrily and he looked at me confused. “Didn’t your Mama ever tell you that it’s rude to keep knocking at someone’s door and when asked a question, you should answer?” I crossed my hands over my chest, partly because I was angry and also to keep the duvet in place.
He rolled his eyes at me, making me scoff. Fuck what I said about him being a gentleman, he’s just like every other dog in this place. “Will you talk or will you keep staring at me?” I asked him. “I could look at you all day long but that would mean I’d keep my king waiting”, he said with a smirk which made his already scary looking face scarier. “What do you want?” My anger was over the roof now. He chuckled at my probably red face before he spoke.
“My king wants to see you”, he finally said. “Well, you can see that I am not wearing clothes”, his eyes trailed down my body at that. “My eyes are up here”, I snapped at him and he smiled lazily before he trailed his eyes to meet mine.
“He said you should be brought to him immediately”, he said sternly. Like hell I’d leave this room without proper clothes. ” Tell him that I’m not dressed and I won’t be leaving this room until I am glad in befitting clothes”, i told him with my shoulder squared and chin raised. He looked at me in disbelief but I refused to back down. If I’d be going to see him, I should be properly dressed.
When it looked like he wasn’t going to say anything more, I entered the room and slammed it in his face. I waited with my ears to the door and it wasn’t until I heard his footsteps fade that I sighed in relief.
A moment later, I heard another knock on the door but it was different from the way Buff would have knocked. “Can you stop calling him Buff?” Jasmine asked irritatedly in my head. “Maybe you should tell me another name I can call him since you’re so smart”, I answered back with the same energy and she kept quiet. That was what I thought.
I opened the door and Fay stood outside my door with a bag in her hand. She was dressed scantily and that made me wonder if she was part of the girls that were used in exchange for sex. She held up the bag and I stepped aside so she could enter.
“I hope you know that I hate you and I’d rather be anywhere but here”, she said as she dropped the bag on the bed and gave me a death glare. “Why are you here then?” I questioned her, knowing fully well that she has to answer if her king calls her.
“I happened to be pleasuring my mate when your highness gave the message that you wouldn’t budge until you’re properly clothed so I was asked to being some proper clothes to you”, she said. I was amazed she was actually talking to me without pulling my hair or trying to choke me.
I took the clothes out of the bag and sent a thankful look her way, to which she rolled her eyes. “Why are you with him? You do realize he’s an evil person right?” I asked her as I went into the bathroom to freshen up. “He’s my mate”, she answered monotonously but I refused to believe her.
When I came out of the bathroom, she was still in the room. As I put on the gown she brought for me, she spoke, “I hope you have a foolproof plan that will get us out of this mess?” She said and I looked at her in shock. “What are you talking about?” I asked her cautiously.
“Look, I know you’re the moon wolf. Lotana couldn’t have overpowered you like that. You need to get out of here and save us all or we’ll be doomed if he takes over the wolf world. I’ll take being mated to him as punishment from the moon goddess for trying to hurt you and cover what’s not mine”.
She walked towards me and held my hand in hers, a vunerable look in her eyes. “You’re our only hope, Lola. I’m counting on you and every other woman being forced to do what they do not want to do in here is counting on you also. I’ll gladly help in any way I can”, she said with utmost sincerity.
I was shocked and confused. Can I really trust her?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 130
Fay’s POV
Lola looked at me like I had gone crazy and I couldn’t blame her. I’d been a bitch to her because all I wanted was for Adrian to be mine. I couldn’t deny the fact that I had been power hungry, I wanted to know what it felt like to be in the position of power where no one would have questioned my authority, I wanted to be untouchable and what other way to achieve that than being the Queen of all wolves.
I was so happy when Alpha Jayden finally picked me to be Adrian’s chosen mate, not like I gave any other person a chance. I had been so blinded by power that I forgot the most important thing. Respect.
I wished I had just accepted the fact that I wasn’t meant to be the Queen Luna after Adrian found his mate but instead I was blinded by rage and jealousy. Now, I have to deal with being mated to the most unhinged man in the universe.
When he took me from Crescent moon pack, I was glad I finally met my mate who also happened to be a feared and powerful person in the wolf world. I thought I was going to be loved and cherished just because he was my mate but he ended up being a beast to me also.
“Look, I know it’s hard to believe that I actually want to get out of here or save our world but I want to”, I pleaded with her with my eyes but she still looked wary and skeptical. I wanted to speak again but she placed her hand on my lips to prevent me from speaking. “Someone is outside”, she whispered and I nodded my head. “We’ll talk about this later”, she whispered again before she finished dressing up.
We walked out and of course, the buff guy that’s always around was outside. Thank goddess she detected that he was there before I could speak further. He looked at me suspiciously when I got out which left me wondering if he had heard something before Lola could notice that he was there.
“Where is he?” Lola asked me once we were outside. She looked at me intently and I got the memo. I reverted back to my bitchy self and led the way to where Damon was waiting for her. The guy followed behind us which did not give us the chance to talk again.
Damon’s eyes lit up when he saw her, something that he doesn’t do when he sees me. He stood up to acknowledge her and I felt my heart breaking. I shouldn’t be hung up on someone that doesn’t give two fucks about me but I couldn’t help the mate bond that was between us. He pulled her into a hug and her body stiffened but he didn’t seem to mind. He waved at me to dismiss me but she told me to wait.
“What do you need her for, love?” He asked her gently and I couldn’t keep my shock off my face. He was never gentle with me, in the way he talked, the way he fucked, the way he looked at me, he was never gentle and he was treating another man’s mate like a gem. I wanted to hate Lola but I knew she wasn’t the cause of my predicament. He was just a heartless dog.
“I’d need a personal maid and I want her to wait on me”, she said and he didn’t think twice before he ordered that I become a personal maid. I was dismissed after that and went out of the room, crying and feeling bad for my life decisions. If only I hadn’t been covetous.
*******
Lola’s POV
I looked at the door through which Fay left for a long time before Damon’s voice brought me out of my thoughts. “Why her though? I heard she was a bitch to you and almost stole your mate at your former pack. Why would you want such a person around you?” He led me towards a chair and that was when I fully noticed that we were in the dining area.
He pulled out a chair for me and I’d have been convinced that he was humane if he had not treated his mate like trash in front of me. I was so hungry, I forgot what he asked me about until he reminded me. “Oh, that. Payback is a bitch and I just wanted to show her that she lost both men. Also, she was mean and I get to order her around without feeling remorseful”, I said nonchalantly on the outside even though I felt like strangling him on the inside.
I ate to my heart content, not caring if I seemed like a pig to him. I had been starved for goddess knows how long. After eating, he was the first to speak. “I know you reached your full potential before I kidnapped you. I need your powers to build my army and I don’t want to waste anymore time in doing so”, he said and I was at a loss for words.
“Jasssssss, what do I do?” I screamed internally. I was freaking out and had no idea how to reply to him because I definitely wasn’t helping him. “I have no idea what to say to him, Lola. I’m not a smart ass”, she said and I almost facepalmed.” Jasmine, now is not the time to be petty about what I said to you”, I tried persuading her but she just went silent.
“What is your utmost power?” He asked with glee. “I’ve always wanted to know why Alysia said I have to wait till you reach your potential before I could take you”, he said and I got confused.
Jokes on you because I’d also like to know what my full potential is.
“Alysia? Who is Alysia?” I asked instead since I had nothing to tell him. I was about to speak again when a gust of wind began to blow in the room and a woman whose face was covered by a veil emerged out of the air.
Talk about dramatic entrance.
She removed her veil and I was shocked by what I saw in front of me. “Serena?” I asked as she walked majestically towards me. 1 Just how many moles were in Crescent moon pack?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 131
Lola’s POV
She chuckled and took a seat beside me after bowing lightly to Damon. “Serena, what are you doing here?” I asked again. She placed a hand on my shoulder and I shook it off, I’d really love to not be touched by a two-faced bitch.
She sat back in her seat with grace and chuckled again before replying to me. “I see you’ve met my loving sister, Serena”, she said before sipping from a cup of wine that had magically appeared in front of her. I stared at her in disbelief as I could not believe that they could be different people.
She laughed out loud before dropping her wine cup and looking at me again. “I know you might not believe me but I am Alysia, not Serena “, she said with a smile that was similar to Serena’s but the aura around her was dark and evil. While Serena barely spoke unless spoken to, the woman in front of me made it obvious that she was an attention whore. Serena loved simple attires that made her look gorgeous without putting so much effort, this woman was clad in expensive looking dresses and had on jewelry that were probably worth my whole life.
She tapped my nose lightly like she would a baby before standing up, draping her coat over the back of the chair. She walked slowly around the room before stopping suddenly and looking at me.
“If anyone had mistaken me for that bitch, I’d have had their head on a plate but I’ll give you the benefit of being close with Damon and spare you”, she said with her head raised in pride and it took a lot of effort not to laugh at her pathetic display at being powerful. Jasmine was laughing maniacally in my head and I almost did too.
“I am the most powerful witch in the land, Alysia”, she created another gust of wind in the room but I wasn’t impressed. I believed that the only powers she has comes from the black magic she uses, she’d probably be nothing without them.
“Why is she here?” I asked Damon who looked strangely fascinated by her. He was so focused on the gibberish she was saying like they were the best words that have ever been said in the history of words.
“You keep forgetting that they’re both fucked up individuals. One thinks the whole world belongs to him, the other thinks everyone is below her. I’m even surprised you thought they’d be different”, Jasmine said in my head and she was right.
When Damon finally broke out of his trance, he looked at me to answer the question I asked him. “She’ll be the one to use your powers to enhance my soldiers, just the way the first king of rogues did”, he said like I was supposed to know.
“I already told you before and I’ll be saying it again. I’m not helping you until I find you trustworthy”, I said with as much confidence as I could muster but I was so nervous on the inside. What if he sees through my mask and knows that I’m not lying? What if Alysia could tell that I haven’t reached my potential? Serena knew but I wasn’t sure if Alysia had the power to know that also.
Damon’s eyes started changing colors and I thought he was going to lose it and that would be the end of me but Alysia spoke up. “Now, now, Damon”, she cooed like she was talking to a child and Damon relaxed. That’s new.
“I’ve told you several times that you can’t get what you want by force everytime”, she scolded him and he was actually listening to her. I guess some kind of sorcery was involved. “The young lady said you need to earn her trust and we both know that if we take her blood against her will, it won’t work the way it’s supposed to”, she said and I internally sighed in relief. That would definitely give me more time to plan my escape from this God forsaken pack.
I stood up, gaining both of their attention. “I’d like to take my leave. I see I have no business here till further notice”. Without waiting for them to say anything, I walked towards the door. I was almost out of the door when Alysia spoke. “It was nice meeting you, Lola. We’d have so much fun together, see you around”, I turned to her with my hand still on the doorknob. She smiled sinisterly which sent shivers through my spine. I hurriedly left the room and closed the door behind me.
I walked briskly away from them and did not stop till I reached my room where Buff was safeguarding. I totally ignored him and went into my room. I was startled when I saw the figure that was sitting on my bed, I only relaxed when I saw that it was Fay.
She wasn’t scantily dressed anymore. I was somehow glad that I managed to help her escape being sold for money. It must hurt badly, especially coming from your mate. “I see you’re wearing more clothes”, I teased her and she rolled her eyes at me. “Thank you”, she said quietly and I nodded my head. At least she got the memo of what I was trying to do for her.
I sat on the bed beside her and she turned to face me. “I have something to tell you”, she said nervously, making me sit up to hear what she had to say. “Go on, I’m listening”, I urged her. “I heard some of the high ranking wolves talking about you when I went to change my attire”, she said, keeping me in suspense.
“Me?” I asked in disbelief. “I don’t get it, I’ve only been here for a few days and something is already being said about me?” I asked her again and she nodded.
“You wouldn’t be the queen of the wolf world even after all pack wolves are conquered”, she said. It wasn’t like I was actually interested in leading the wolves that would conquer my people if I don’t act fast but I was still curious. “And why is that?” I asked her warily.
“Alysia will take you out of her way”, she said and I was more confused. “Rumors have been going on that Alysia said she’d be the queen of the wolf world after the war”.
“You need to get out of here as fast as you can, Lola”, Fay said with urgency in her voice.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 132
Lola’s POV
I looked at Fay in astonishment and it did not take me long to connect the dots that it might actually be true. The looks she gave me, the subtle touches with Damon, the words as I left the room all added up and that was when I realized that I might actually be in danger.
But I was starting to mistrust Fay. When she said she wanted to help me, it coincided with the same time Damon asked about my powers and I felt that she was on the same side as him and I was the bait in the whole situation.
“I swear on my life, Lola” she whispered with tears in her eyes, “I’m not in cohorts with anyone. I’m only doing this because I realized how fucked we’re all going to be if Damon takes over the world”, she said. I didn’t know what to say, so I kept mute and kept looking at her.
“I know how life was in Crescent moon pack and I’ve seen the way people are treated here, especially the women”, she said. ” You were right. I was so blinded by power that I forgot the most important thing in our world. Respect. The people respected you and that triumphed over my reputation”, she was tearing up at this point and I could feel my uncertainties floating away. “Maybe just maybe we can trust her”, Jasmine said in my head,” I do not get any form of negative energy from her”. Before I spoke, I listened for Buff’s heartbeat and sure enough, he hadn’t left the door. Sometimes, I wonder if he does anything else other than staying outside my room.
“Listen Fay, I have no idea as to how I’m going to get out of here”, I whispered and she looked at me like I had a loose screw in my head. “You just allowed yourself to be kidnapped without a plan?” She whisper-yelled.
“Firstly, I need to know what Damon is up to. I need to know how they are going to wage war against pack wolves. I need to know how my powers are going to come into play. Without all of these, I cannot get out of this pack”, I said. I turned to look her directly in the eyes before I spoke, “If you really want to help me this is where you come in”.
She looked at me expectantly and waited for me to talk. “I need you to bring me a map of the whole building, the location of this place and how strong the security is”, I said. “I’d need a clear road map of the place before any other escape plans are made”, I told her.
“How long have I been here for?” I asked her. “I think you were unconscious for about 2 days before you finally woke up and you’ve been awake for 3 days, so you’ve been awake for 5 days”, she said.
Wow, 5 days of being away from my mate and pack, it feel like a lifetime already.
“I need you to find out something for me” I told her. “I’d do anything to prove my loyalty to you”, she replied. I pulled her closer and whispered into her ears.
Hours passed and I was still waiting for her to come back but when the door opened, it was Alysia that came in. She smiled at me wickedly before she came to sit beside me on the bed. I didn’t like her aura at all, so I moved back from her.
“I see that Damon has really taken to you. It’s nice to see that he actually has a soft spot for someone but I hope that you know you’re not getting out of this alive?” She asked with a creepy grin on her face and I stared at her. I guess Fay was right after all.
She was crazy, very crazy.
“What are you talking about?” I asked even though I knew what she was talking about and she laughed maniacally. I do not know what she sees in herself, she definitely wasn’t anything that he thought she was. She took a seat and patted my cheeks to which I slapped her hands off my skin. She made my skin crawl.
“You know fully well that you’re not going to get out of this alive, don’t you? I’m sure you’ve been told that Damon is mine and mine alone and when he conquers all of your stupid packs, I’m going to be the queen and rule alongside him”, she said like it was the best thing in the world.
I looked at her in shock and I just couldn’t believe my ears. I feel bad for not believing Fay initially. It was at that point that I promised myself that I wasn’t going to allow these two psychos to take over our world and turn my people into s of getting riches for themselves.
I was expecting her to say something about my powers, that she knew I had not reached my full potential yet but she did not say anything so I knew I was right. She definitely didn’t have any other powers apart from a black magic.
“I guess Serena got all the powers of the family”, I said to her just to get a reaction and she fell into my trap, “do you have any other powers save the black magic you use?” I asked her and she looked at me with rage in her eyes. “What the fuck are you talking about, you stupid bitch? Just because you’re the moon wolf doesn’t mean you know all these things”, she raged but I wasn’t moved.
Seeing as she was getting enraged, I knew that I was hitting a nerve. “Why do you hate your sister so much? Oh I get it, she’s so much better than you’ll ever be. I mean if we take away the black magic, I’m pretty sure you won’t have anything to yourself”, she looked like she was ready to strangle me but she was holding back.
“Listen to me here, bitch. I’m going to be the queen of the wolf world after your world has been conquered. You can’t go around telling Damon this or I’ll make sure you die painfully”, she stood up and left my room. After she left, I was still staring at the door.
Great, I thought I was only going to deal with just one psycho but now I have two on my hands. Just what are you doing to me, moon goddess?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 133
Lola’s POV
Have you ever had one of those days where you just want to stay in your room and avoid everyone? Well, that was me for the rest of the day. I couldn’t bring myself to leave the safety of the room, so I spent the rest of the day cooped up in there. However, I knew I had to think of a way to get out of there, so I opened the door, hoping that Buff would not be outside my room. Unfortunately for me, he was still standing there and looked at me when I got out and asked if I wanted anything.
I told him that I was hungry and my maid wasn’t around to get food for me. He looked at me skeptically but he did what I said anyway. Immediately I saw that he left to go and fetch Fay, I slowly wandered around the building to survey which escape routes were around and how tight security might be.
I was about to open a door when a rough hand suddenly pulled me back. “What do you think you are doing? Where are you going? Why are you wandering around?” He asked me rapidly. “You told me you wanted me to fetch your maid for you and here you are wandering around. What do you want my king to say when he doesn’t find you where you are supposed to be? He said angrily and his face looked like it was about to burst into flames. 1
I put my hand up in surrender and backed away from the door slowly. “Jeez, calm down. I was just trying to know my way around this place. What has got your panties in a twist? He looked at me like he wanted to say something but he decided against it. He only pointed in the direction I was coming from.
With the mental notes of the things I saw, I followed him back to my room. When I got there, Fay was waiting for me. I rushed towards her to ask her questions.
“What is the escape route like? How can we get out of here? I’ve done a little bit of research myself but I do not know if we’re going to be able to get out without any help. Do you know anyone that might be willing to help us? I asked her rapidly.
“Jeez, calm down. I can barely hear you with the way you’re rushing to speak”, she said and I took a deep breath to calm myself.
“It turns out that we are so close to our pack. This place is just a 3 hours drive from our pack but it is heavily guarded by the magical powers of Alysia. Without another magical power to counter it, nobody will be able to locate this place. People can leave the pack but nobody will be able to find it. That is probably why no one has been able to find out where he’d be all these while”, she said and I looked at her in shock.
“It makes sense now. I mean we searched high and low when the overall attacks started and nothing was found”, I said and she nodded.
So Alysia was the one behind the whole thing. I made a mental note of that and then proceeded to ask her about how the escape might be when we’re leaving. I already planned that we’d leave in a day or two and we needed to draw out a map on how to leave without being discovered.
“This place is heavily guarded. I don’t think you’ll be able to make it out of here without hurting some people or if things go south, getting killed”, she said. “I?” I looked at her like she was crazy, “we’ll be making it out of here together, Adrian and the whole pack will understand and forgive you when I explain everything to them”, I said but she shook her head in disagreement. 1
“Everything comes with a price and I’ll be willing to pay this one. It would be the only good thing I did for the pack”, she said and held my hands in hers. “See, to save all of us, you have to make it out of here alive and I’m willing to put anything on the line for that. So, tomorrow night we’re going to get you out of here”, she said and I pulled her into a hug.
“I’ll do everything in my power to make sure that we both make it out of this hellhole”, I told her. She looked at me and pulled me into a hug. “You are an amazing person, you know? You’re real and I’m glad I finally got to see past my hatred for you”, she said as she patted my back.
“We’ll need to take a walk so I can show you the areas that you’re going to be passing when you are leaving the pack”. With that, we stood up and went out of the room. Buff looked at us suspiciously but we paid no attention to him.
“Where do you think you’re going? Did you take permission from the king?” He asked me. “I don’t need permission every fucking time before I move”, I snarled in his face. “I’d be your queen in a matter of time and you have to respect me. If he actually looks for me, tell him that I went on a walk with my maid”,I told him. And with that, we walked past him.
We walked the pack grounds and she subtly pointed to places where we’ll need to pass when we escape this horrible place.
Damon called when it was time to have dinner and I parted ways with Fay. Throughout the course of having dinner, Alysia gave me look that could kill. She was all lovey and touchy with Damon and I was very grateful to her for that because it gave me a chance to stay out of his way and he didn’t touch me all night long.
After dinner, I went back to my room in anticipation for what’s going to happen tomorrow. I’ll get out of this pack and then make sure that Damon and Alysia’s plan come to naught.
With that thought on my mind, I fell asleep.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 134
Lola’s POV
When I woke up the next day I was pumped and anxious simultaneously. I was pumped because today is the day I finally leave this pack. I was also anxious because it might not turn out well.
I was still on my bed thinking about how tonight will go when a knock sounded on my door. Thinking it was Buff, I stood up and went to open my door. When I opened it, it was Damon standing outside the door. I was surprised and my heart started beating rapidly in my chest. Did he find out? Am I going to be a slave forever in this pack? A lot of thoughts ran through my head.
He smiled at me and I automatically took a step back. “Why are you here?” I asked him as I slowly moved backwards. The energy I got from him wasn’t good at all.
“When have you ever gotten a good energy from him?” Jasmine asked in my head.
“What do you mean why am I here? I am here to see my Queen of course. I know I was harsh at you yesterday and I almost lost it when you said you were not going to give me your powers to build an army I wanted, I sincerely apologize for that. I assure you that I am not like that and I would never treat you that way anymore. I just want you to love me and trust me and then we can go on to conquer the word together”, I looked at him like he was crazy but he didn’t seem to see anything wrong with what he said. I kept moving backwards slowly but he kept coming towards me.
“Damon, what are you doing”, he laughed and looked at me with a very creepy look in his eyes, “what do you mean what am I doing, love? He asked with an evil grin on his face.
I looked into his eyes and saw that he was not in control of his body, his wolf was. “Listen, I don’t know what’s going on but I want you to calm down”, I tried to talk to him.
“You promised. You, you promised me, you told me you were not going to touch me or do anything until you gained my trust. What are you doing? Please snap out of it”, I begged but he did not seem to care. It seems his wolf was even crazier than he
was.
I was getting scared, I wasn’t going to lie but he kept moving towards me as I moved backwards. Buff was standing outside the door as everything went on but he did not say anything and that was when it really dawned on me that this pack was fucked up beyond hope.
My body was shaking uncontrollably, my limbs were moving on their own accord and I did not know when I released a flash of lightning from my body, throwing him back against the wall. When he sat up back, I thought he was going to charge at me but he was back to his normal self. He took a quick look at me before he left the room.
Immediately he left, I crumbled onto the floor, my body shaking uncontrollably, several thoughts on my mind.
Boy, I could have been raped, I could have been defiled and no one would have said anything about it in this pack.
I cried. I sobbed heavily, not for myself but for women that had no means of protecting themselves and have been defiled by these vile men. I was shaking uncontrollably and I wished night would come faster than it usually did. I was still curled on the floor when Fay came in.
She was scared when she saw me curled up on the floor and ran to me. “What is wrong with you, Lola? What is wrong? Why are you on the floor? Why are you crying? What happened? She asked rapidly concern evident in her eyes.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 135
When I saw her. I burst into tears again as she held me close to her body slowly rubbing my back and whispering soothing words into my ears. “I was so scared, Fay. I thought he was going to rape me, I thought he was going to do it”. At the mention of rape, she pulled back from me in shock.
“He wasn’t in control, his wolf was and if I had not used my powers to throw him back, he’d have forced himself on me”, I sobbed out. When I finished speaking, she pulled me back to her chest and rubbed my back.
I could hear her silence. It was so loud and I could sense her thoughts running a thousand miles per hour but I could not figure out what she was thinking.
“Why are you so silent?”, I eventually asked her. She looked at me and said, “tonight, I’m going to make sure that I do everything within my power to make sure that you escape and then bring all these people down”, she said with so much determination and conviction that I was sure that nothing was going to stop her. Not even her life on the line.
She raised me from the floor and tucked me into bed, gently patting my back until she thought I was asleep. I knew she stayed there for a while because I wasn’t actually sleeping, I just evened out my breathing so she would think I was.
When she eventually left, I sat up and said a prayer to the moon goddess to make tonight a very successful night for us.
For the rest of the day I did not see Damon because I locked myself up in my room. Fay brought food for me to eat at some point because according to her, I would need the power to run when it’s night time. Apart from that the rest of the day was uneventful.
Soon it was time to put our plan into actions. We left the room like we were going for a walk and went towards the door that was supposed to lead us out of the pack. When we reached the door, Fay kept looking around while I gently opened it but of course luck wasn’t on our side and a guard saw us open the door.
Apparently, everybody knew where that door led to and the guard raised an alarm. I hurriedly opened the door and tried to pull Fay along with me so we could run but she refused to move. With tears in her eyes, she looked at me.
“What are you doing?” I asked her but she did not answer me. “We need to leave, Fay. We need to leave now before they get here!!”, I screamed at her with tears in my eyes but she did not answer me again, she only looked at me with tearful eyes and smiled sadly.
“I knew only one of us would be able to go and I knew the price I was going to be pay if we ever got caught”, she said as she smiled through her tears. “Go,go now and save everyone.Remember”, she hiccuped, “remember the price I paid,make sure that they all pay for their sins”. And with that she closed the door.
I stood for a while contemplating if I should do anything to take her with me or make a run for it. I did the latter eventually. I ran without stopping. I did not stop even when I heard screams of agony. I did not stop when I finally felt myself breaking out of the magical barrier. I didn’t stop even when I was sure I wasn’t going to be captured again.
I didn’t stop.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 136
Adrian’s POV
It’s been almost a week since Lola got kidnapped but it felt like eternity to me. My whole life had been turned upside down and I had no idea how I was going to move on with my life without her.
Daxon wasn’t on a rampage anymore but I could feel him slipping away. He connected with Jasmine more and it was quite understandable that he would get more affected.
After I was hit with a tranquilizer, I woke up with silver chains around my wrist and legs and I was chained to the floor of the dungeon. Nathan was nearby, looking at me with sadness in his eyes and I allowed my tears to flow. I cried so hard like I had never done before in my life.
I asked Nathan how long I was out for and he said 2 days. They had gone out to search everywhere for Lola but to no avail. Some were not even back yet but there were no positive responses from them.
I could still feel our mate bond and that was the only thing that gave me assurance. Feeling the mate bond was the only proof I had that she was still alive and well, even though the mate bond weakened with every passing moment. I was trying to be strong but I blamed myself for her kidnap.
If only I had gone with her that day, I promised to stand by her no matter what happened but she ended up being taken under my nose. I should have known something was up when Lotana who had stopped speaking to her and the other girls suddenly wanted to speak to her. I should have left what I was doing and gone to her immediately.
I hit my head on the table in front of me and threw the glass of whiskey I was drinking across the room, the sound of it shattering mirroring how I felt inside of me. The door opened quietly and I raised my head, ready to tear apart whoever came to disturb me after I had given clear orders to be left alone. My rage subsided when I saw Mom. 1
She had lost so much weight and she didn’t look like her normal self. I could say that she was affected more by Lola’s disappearance than I was. They had a bond and I could see that she saw her as Ariana. Losing her to the rogues must have brought back memories she wished to bury. She had to go through the same pain without her mate by her side.
I pulled myself together and stood up to help her into the room. “Why are you moving around, Mom?” I asked her but she didn’t say anything. She just stared into space and a lone tear ran down her left cheek. I wiped her eyes and hugged her close to me.
“I shouldn’t have pushed her to reach her full potential”, she started. “I should have protected her with everything in me. So what if she’s the moon wolf, she’s just a child and only the moon knows what that bastard might do to her”, she was sobbing at this point.
I wanted to comfort her but I had no words. I was so broken and all I wanted was to hold her in my arms again. “You need to find her”, Mom raised her her head from my chest and looked up at me, “you need to find her and bring her back to the safety of our pack”, she said as tears rolled down her eyes and it hurts me to look at her puffy eyes and red face.
“I promise you Mom, I promise that I’m going to bring her back safely. She’ll be back before you know it but I’m sure she wouldn’t want to meet you in this kind of condition, she’ll be heartbroken”, I said, trying to convince her to actually sleep and take care of herself.
She nodded and went back to putting her head on my chest. “Avianca, where are you?” I asked her through the mindlink and she replied to me almost immediately. “Why is Mom walking around when you’re supposed to be taking care of her?” I tried to keep my voice down because she was doing me a favor and I didn’t want to be rude to her.
“Thank goddess she’s with you. I’ve been searching all around for her”, her panicked voice came through the mindlink. “I went to get her something to eat and she wasn’t in her room when I came back. I was just about to mindlink you when your voice came through”, she breathed in relief.
“Thank you, Avianca. I’ll take her to her room”, I told her before cutting off the mindlink. “Let’s get you into bed, Mom”, I told her but she shook her head. “Lola will soon be back and she wouldn’t want to meet you in this kind of situation”, I said, hoping to the moon goddess that she’d actually be back to us.
After a bit of hesitation, she agreed that I should take her to her room to lie down. After she ate and used her drug, she fell asleep and that was when I finally left her room followed by Avianca.
“I’ll take my leave now, Adrian”, she said. Yes, we’ve gotten closer since Dad passed but losing Lola made us get closer. What a terrible way to get really close to people. I nodded my head and waited till she left the house before taking a seat on a couch in the living room.
I felt someone trying to talk to me through my mindlink and let down my wall. “Hey, man”, Nathan’s voice came through and I sighed. “Is there any development yet?” I asked him but he remained silent and I just knew what the answer to that was. I put up my wall again and placed my head in my hands.
Was I going to just lose my mate like that?
I stood up to get alcohol to drink again when the door of the house suddenly slammed open. Before I could turn, I already knew who it was. I turned around and I saw my mate at the door looking dirty and tattered.
Her white hair was brown and her body looked like it hadn’t been washed in days. She looked completely different but I know my mate no matter what she looked like. I didn’t realize that I wasn’t moving towards her till she called my name.
“Adrian”, she whispered in a voice that was barely above a whisper.
I broke out of my trance and ran towards her, hugging her tightly in my arms. “Baby”, I said in a broken voice and she smiled at me weakly.
“Hey, it’s okay. I’m here now”, she said and her body went limp in my embrace.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 137
Lola’s POV
When I came to, I was expecting to see Adrian’s face first but instead I was met with Rose’s. Her eyes looked so sunken and she looked like she had lost a lot of weight in the amount of time I had left the pack.
She looked so happy, yet so sad when our eyes met. She couldn’t say a word, she just cupped my face before gently rubbing her thumbs over my cheeks. I was about to open my mouth when she spoke.
“Ro….”, I started but she cut me off. “I thought…”, she took a deep breath before she spoke again. “I thought you have finally been taken away from me”, she said, her voice breaking at the end. “I thought I was never going to see you again”, she started crying at this point and I pulled her to me, hugging her tightly.
“Have a little belief in me, will you?” I said to her, “I wasn’t going to leave you like that without at least fighting for my life, am I a joke to you?” I teased her and she laughed through her tears. 1
“You scared me”, she whispered and I nodded. “I’m sorry for worrying you like that”, I whispered back before I hugged her tightly and we silently cried while holding on to each other. I realized how she must have felt, it must have been like she was reliving how she lost Ariana to the rogues eight years ago.
“You don’t have to be our savior”, she said after a while. I thought I heard her wrong so I asked her what she said again. “You don’t have to save us all”, she repeated loudly. “You don’t have to carry the burden of it all. Everyone should be able to fight against these rogues if we plan it well. I don’t want to see you get into another problem, all in the name of trying to save us all “, she said, tearing up again.
I didn’t want to drag the matter with her so I nodded. I know she had gone into depression before when I was unconscious for days, I could imagine what my total disappearance did to her.
“You’re still going to put yourself in harm’s way, aren’t you?” She asked and I was at a loss for words. I didn’t want to worry her and I didn’t want to lie to her either. She looked at me expectantly, waiting for an answer and I sighed before I spoke up.
“I can’t just sit back while these motherfuckers make us their slaves and treat us like trash”, I said angrily, my voice rising with every word. “I know the sacrifices that were made for me to leave that goddamn, psycho place without any serious damage”, I told her.
I remembered Fay and knew that she was either dead or in a worse condition than death and my tear dam threatened to burst for the nth time that day. I didn’t want to break down in Rose’s presence so I looked away from her to take deep breaths before turning to her again.
“Can you at least promise to stay safe?” She asked but before I could answer that, the door opened and my amazing mate came through the door, looking slightly better than when I saw him before I passed out.
“She just regained consciousness, Mom. Can you allow her to breathe and relax before bombarding her with questions?” He chastised Rose and the latter pouted at him. “It’s been a long time since I saw her, can’t I have the whole of today with her?” She said and I chuckled a bit. I didn’t realize how much I had missed watching them bicker until now. I kept mute and just watched the interaction between them. It felt good to be back even though it might not last for long with what is about to come upon us but at least, I’ll enjoy the moment while it lasts.
“You need to rest, Mom. She’s not going anywhere. I’m sure she’ll be glued to you at the hip once the doctor confirms that she’s healthy enough to move around”, Adrian said. “But I’m healthy enough to……..”, I started to speak but Adrian glared at me and I piped down immediately. I forgot he was going to be very protective of me now.
Just as I stopped speaking, Lyla and Avianca came in. At the sight of them, I broke down in tears. I didn’t know why I started crying at the sight of them but they also seemed to have the same feeling. Adrian led Rose out of the room, leaving us alone in the room and I sent a silent thanks to him.
“Thank you”, I said through our mindlink. “You guys need it. Let me know if you need anything else”, he said before closing the mindlink.
“Are you guys just going to stand there?” I managed to get out when they refused to move from their spot. I held out my hands and they both came to hug me tightly. Well, Lyla waddled but you get my drift.
We hugged for a long period of time, just relishing the feeling of being together again. Lyla held my face in her hands when we separated from each other.
“I swear I’m going to kill Lotana by myself when I finally get my hands on her”, she seethed, her body vibrating. “Woah, woah, calm down missy. You can’t get angry in your situation, the pack doctor told you that”, Avianca said, holding her gently by her shoulder.
“Let’s take deep breaths now, shall we?” She said to Lyla and the latter nodded. “Breathe in, breathe outttttt”, they continued the cycle for a while before Lyla finally stopped vibrating with anger. 1
“What was that about the pack doctor? Is something wrong with Lyla or baby?” I asked, panic slowly rising in me.
“Nuh-uh, she’s fine. She just has to be relaxed since she’s
already getting heavy”, Avianca said and I breathed a sigh of relief.
Silence descended upon us after that which is very unusual for us. We all knew we had to address the elephant in the room but no one wanted to talk about it first.
“I’m going to be the one to talk about it if no one is going to”, Lyla said. “Did you at least see her when you got there?” She asked me and I nodded my head. We all knew who she was talking about, only one person was missing in this room after all.
“What did she say the reason for her actions was? Did you get an explanation?” Avianca asked me with glossy eyes. She must be having it harder since they were best friends before I even entered the equation. I nodded and they looked at me expectantly.
“Well, what happened was…….”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 138
Lola’s POV
Their mouths were practically hanging open when I finished narrating what happened with Lotana. I was waiting for them to speak but they didn’t say anything for a long time. Avianca had a lost and hurt look in her eyes while Lyla just looked like she wanted to go on a murdering spree.
“I’m still finding it hard to believe that Lotana would do that kind of thing because of a rogue”, Avianca said in a hurt voice. ” She didn’t tell me, I did not notice anything out of the ordinary”, she lamented, “how did I get fooled by her?”, she said shakily but took deep breaths to stop herself from crying.
All these while, Lyla was just fuming where she was seated. She looked so red and I could almost see smoke coming out from her ears. “How did you escape such vile people?” was her response when she finally spoke. “I think we might want to invite Adrian for that”, I said and they looked at me weirdly.
“Where are you?” I asked Adrian through our mindlink. “I’m on my way already”, he replied. I should have known that he was listening to the whole conversation, what was I thinking?.
“After all these meetings and talks, I’d like to be holed up in a room with my mate without any interference or disturbance”, Jasmine said in my head. “Me too, Jas. Me too”, I replied to her. “Glad that I’m not the only one that feels that way”, Adrian said in my head and I mentally facepalmed. I forget to put up my block every motherfucking time.
He came in just as I finished up the thoughts in my head. Lyla and Avianca looked at each other but they didn’t say anything and I became slightly red.
“I can move around now, right?” I asked when it was getting a bit awkward in the room. “I feel perfectly fine”, I said. “Yeah, you can move around now. I only used that to get Mom off your back”, Adrian said, the look in his eyes intense and I could feel myself getting heated up.
Jeez, this is not the time for this! I screamed internally. “Exactly, we’ll have enough time later”, his voice rang in my head again. I subtly looked at him but he didn’t seem affected one bit, yet, he was making me lose focus with his words.
“Adrian is here now, you can talk about how you escaped”, Lyla prompted me. Avianca glared at her and she looked away sheepishly. “What if she doesn’t want to relive the trauma?” Avianca chastised her and she started sniffling.
Her pregnancy hormones are definitely all over the place, I said to myself.
I looked at both of their faces before looking towards Adrian. His eyes searched mine and I saw a lot of questions in them before I heard his voice in my head.
“You don’t have to force yourself to talk now, baby. You can take your time and talk to us whenever you’re ready”, he said in my head and I sent him a grateful smile. His soft words and that simple gesture of not forcing me to talk warmed my heart and I was reminded of how Fay must have felt being mistreated by her mate.
“It’s fine, babe. I’ll need to say it at some point, I might as well get it over and done with now”, I said to him. Lyla readjusted on her seat and even Avianca looked so eager to hear what I had to say even though she chastised Lyla earlier.
Adrian came to sit beside me on the bed and held my hand in his to silently show his support. It’s okay, it’s fine. You’re back in Crescent moon now, you don’t have to be scared. You’ve got this. I gave myself a mental pep talk before opening my mouth to speak.
“Fay saved me”, I said and they all looked at me like I had grown another head. Even Adrian looked at me like I had lost it and I sighed internally.
Yeah guys, I didn’t believe it at first either, I thought to myself.
“Fay, as in the Fay that was in this pack?” Lyla asked from where she sat and I nodded. “The same one that tried to take your position? The same one that tried to take your mate? The same one that almost killed Adrian while trying to harm you?” Avianca asked rapidly, her voice rising with every question and I nodded.
“Yes guys, that Fay. She sacrificed herself to allow me escape that hellhole”, I said, my voice breaking slightly when I remembered how I had cowardly ran away instead of making sure we both left there alive.
“You know that’s not true, Lola”, Jasmine said in my head. “It wasn’t a cowardly move. We wouldn’t have been able to survive together. She knew that and she still went ahead to lay down her life for us”, she said but it did not make me feel any better. “What exactly happened, baby? Adrian said from beside me and I took a deep breath before I started speaking. “Damon is Fay’s mate”, I said and they all looked at me confused. “Who’s Damon?” Lyla asked. “The rogue king”, I replied and Lyla shrugged. “They deserve each other”, Avianca piped up but I shook my head in disagreement.
“No woman deserves that kind of bastard”, I seethed as I remembered how they paraded girls in exchange for money. How he’s willing to go to any length just to have a taste of powers that will not last him forever.
“Serena! I need Serena here. There’s something I must ask her, there’s something I need to confirm”, I turned to Adrian and he must have seen the urgency in my eyes because he picked his phone and dialed her number immediately.
“Hello, Alpha. I was wondering when the Luna would summon me”, she said immediately she picked up. “I’d be there in a minute”, she hung up after that and a knock was heard outside the door a moment later.
Serena entered and bowed before us. I detached myself from Adrian and stood up to meet her. Even though the aura of the person before me was different, I still had doubts that she was fooling me.
“Welcome back, Luna”, she bowed slightly before me. “Something tells me that you have important news for me, may I know what it is?” She asked.
“Alysia”, I said and her eyes widened in shock before she moved away from me slightly. “What about Aly
“No, no, no”, she kept chanting while I looked at her in amazement. I’ve never seen Serena lose her cool before so it was new territory for me and everyone else that was in the room.
“She can’t be alive”, she said while shaking her head, “I killed her myself”. The whole room went silent after her declaration.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 139
Lola’s POV
Serena’s breathing quickened as we all stared at her in shock. I had never seen the stoic witch get shocked, not to talk to her getting into a panic mode. Adrian was the first one to break out of the trance and he stood up from where he was sitting to lead Serena into a chair.
As he led her from me, I followed their movement with my eyes and I couldn’t shake off the green eyed monster that reared its ugly head at the sight of my mate touching another woman that is not me.
Get a fucking grip, Lola. I chastised myself and had a mini pep talk with Jasmine about my mate being mine and mine alone. “I promise you that you’re the only one I ever want to touch in an intimate way”, Adrian’s voice rang in my head and I was able to anchor myself back into the present.
I chalked my mini episode to the encounter I had with Serena’s alleged sister and assured myself that no one is taking my man from me before I went over to where Serena was seated, still hyperventilating.
“You need to take deep breaths”, I told her as I held her hands in mine and gently rubbed reassuring circles over them, “it’s fine, it’s fine. You’re fine”, I kept whispering to her till the tremors racking her body finally stopped and she was breathing normally.
“Are you sure that you saw Alysia?” She asked me with urgency in her voice and I slowly nodded my head, wondering what is actually happening and why she seemed so shocked to hear about her sister.
“We’re fucked”, she whispered but we all heard her anyways. I looked around the room and Lyla and Avianca wore matching looks of shock on their faces. If we were not discussing a serious matter, I’d have laughed.
“You need to tell us what’s going on, Serena”, Adrian said to her gently. She looked at me and I nodded at her. “Before I can actually go on with my own side of the story. We need to know exactly who Alysia is”.
At my words, she nodded before she spoke again, “you’re right. You’re right. I need to know where I went wrong”, she said while nodding her head. It was like she was trying to comfort herself.
A cup of water was passed to her and I sent Avianca a grateful smile which she returned with one of her own. Serena downed the water in a go and took a deep breath before she started speaking.
“Alysia was my twin before I took her life”, she said and I became light headed. “But I saw her and she did not look dead to me at all”, I said.
“Let me start from the beginning”, she said and her eyes glazed over like she was in a trance.
“Alysia and I were born to our mother, Leticia, who happened to be the most powerful witch in our coven. We were pampered and highly respected as twins were very revered and regarded the highest gifts that can be bestowed onto a coven by the gods. Mother would tell us that we were going to be great witches and that we’d be the best in the whole of the kingdom”, she said.
‘Alysia had always basked in the attention we received everytime in the coven, I was the shy and quiet one while she gained the hearts of the elders with her wits and outgoing behaviour”.
“The problem started when we turned 18”, she said and then paused. The room was so silent that if a pin had dropped, it would have caused a hell of a noise. It was almost like we all held our breaths while we waited for her to speak. Her eyes were unfocused and they shone with unshed tears.
“We were supposed to grow into our powers fully but the unexpected happened and that was where our problems began”, she breathed out, almost as if it physically pained her to talk about it.
“Let me guess”, Lyla spoke up, “you got the powers while your sister didn’t get any, which made her bitter and she tried to kill you”, she said and we all turned to give her a nasty look and she tried to make herself smaller in her chair, which turned out to be a very silly move because her protruding stomach couldn’t be hidden.
“I had my powers first and contrary to what everyone thought, I was a very powerful witch, almost as powerful as my mother was and my mother was the most powerful in our coven. When it was time for Alysia to get her power, nothing happened and that just have left a bad taste in her mouth”.
She breathed in and a cup of water appeared in front of her. She took the cup and downed half of its content. She looked at the source of the water and smiled slightly at her in appreciation. Avianca nodded in acknowledgement and went back to her seat. 2
Moon goddess bless her soul.
She continued after a while. “While we still hopeful that she would get her powers by the time she was 21, Alysia became bitter about not getting her powers before me”.
Yeah, I totally believed that. She looked like the type that would throw tantrum over the littlest things.
“She refused to talk to me because she believed that I stole her powers. The attention of the coven elders shifted from her to me and she became a shell of her former self. She withdrew herself from everyone and everything. Even mother could not get her to come out of her room, she just went silent on everyone.
“After a week or two of sulking, she finally came out of her hiding and was chipper once again which I found very strange. She avoided me completely but went about the village, acting like nothing happened. One night, I decided to enter her room and that was when I found out that she was using black magic”, she said and we all gaped at her in shock.
Everybody knew that a witch caught using black magic in a coven is always killed with a stake dipped in poison.
“I confronted her but she begged me and promised to stop. She cried and pleaded with me not to tell mother about it. Her sob story was that she wanted to use it as a coping mechanism for not getting her power but she’s realized her mistake. I believed her and refrained from telling mother about it”.
“Day in, day out, she kept changing but I never caught her using black magic again so I assumed she actually stopped using the black magic”.
“On her 21st birthday, she showed her true colour. While mother and the elders were preparing the rituals to see if she’s gotten her powers, she did the unthinkable”. Her tears were falling freely at that point and we all hung onto her every word while also dreading her next words.
“She killed Mother in front of everyone”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 140
Lola’s POV
All air left me and I sat back in my chair with a sigh. I knew we were dealing with a psychopath but I did not know she was so unhinged that she killed her own mother.
“When I saw that she killed mother, I stabbed her through the heart with a poisonous stake and that was how I killed her”, she said and we all looked at her wide eyed. She must have thought we were judging her because she held her head and started muttering herself.
“I never wanted to hurt her, I swear I wasn’t going to kill her. I just couldn’t stop myself as I drove the stake through her heart. She fell before me, she did. I watched her take her last breath as her blood spurrted from her chest and drenched me. She looked me in the eyes and tried to wrench herself from me but I kept the stake inside her as her blood drained from her body and pooled at our feet”, she hiccuped and tried to curl into herself like it could make her escape the memories plaguing her.
I moved closer and gently took her hands in mine, squeezing lightly to provide some form of support to her and she looked up at me. Her tear stricken face broke something in me and I pulled her to me. I hugged her tightly, she fisted my clothes and sobbed quietly in to my chest.
“And I thought she was a bitch”, Jasmine said in my head and I almost screamed out loud at her lack of sympathy. “She’s obviously going through something, so, shut your big mouth”, I snapped at her.
She huffed and mumbled something along the lines of “if she wasn’t a bitch, I wouldn’t have said so”, but I ignored her and focused on Serena that was in front of me.
“That’s quite touching and all but did you bury her after killing her or what happened? It doesn’t just make any sense that she was staked and now she’s alive. Make it make sense”, Lyla said from where she was sitting and I almost lunged at her to whack her across the head but I refrained from doing so. 1
“She’s trying to get her thoughts together, Lyla”, I laid emphasis on the Lyla and she rolled her eyes at me.
“You don’t have to be mean about it”, I told her through our mindlink. “Her psychopathic sister died and came alive miraculously. She has some sort of connection to the psycho that almost took you away from me, from us and you want us to be calm and wait for her to calm down. She should man the fuck up and let’s find solution to this right now”, she said angrily in my head.
I looked towards her but she refused to look at my face as she brewed with anger, her body posture rigid and her face looked like she could explode at any point.
I sighed and just turned towards Serena that was hiccuping slightly. “It’s fine. She’s right, Lola. There’s no point crying over what had happened in the past. What matters now is getting a solution to what happened”, she said, her voice scratchy from crying too much.
“So what happened to her body?” Avianca asked softly.
“She dissipated. She turned into air and I thought it was the power running through me at that point that caused it”, she said. “It clearly isn’t the source now”, Lyla piped up. I was about to scold her again when she changed her position and looked somewhat remorseful.
A soft “forgive me, Alpha” made me realise that Adrian was still in the room and he must have scolded her.
“It must have been the black magic that revived her because she did not look dead to me at all. Her aura was dark and she had this unhinged look in her eyes”, I said.
The room was silent, save the occasional sighs that escaped everyone once in a while.
“I promise that we’d get to the root of this but you need to rest now. Serena will be back tomorrow and alongside my trusted men, we’ll figure out a way to put an end to this”, Adrian said with a note of finality. His tone clearly gave no room for argument.
Everybody nodded and they silently went out of the room after I hugged and assured Serena that everything will be settled. Lyla and Avianca pulled me into a tight hug and we had our little moment before they left the room, leaving me alone with my
mate.
With a sudden movement, he pulled me against his chest and deeply breathed in my scent. Jasmine purred in my head from that simple gesture and I could feel his chest vibrating with satisfaction too.
“Urgh, your hair stinks”, he said. I looked up at him, ready to kill him with my glare when I noticed that he was smiling at me.
“Of course, he doesn’t mean it dummy”, Jasmine said in my head, making me roll my eyes at her. “I knew that, durhhhhh”, I replied to her with sass.
“I’m so glad you’re back home, baby. I thought I lost you”, he said, his voice lightly cracking ath the end. Words failed me due to the surge of emotions running through me and I just hugged him tightly.
He is my lifeline and I’m not letting go. He’s my home.
“Let’s get you well rested and comfortable, then you can tell me everything that happened”, my breath hitched at t thought of relating everything that happened to him. I did not want to hurt him.
He must have noticed that I was having a mini panic attack because he held my face in his hands and gave me a kiss on the forehead, his lips lingering more that they usually would.
“Whenever you’re ready”, he whispered and I nodded. Whenever I’m ready.
“Let’s get you freshened up, shall we?” He said gently and I nodded.
He led me out of the room towards our room. His scent hit me immediately he opened the door and I almost broke down again. “Smells like home”, I breathed in deeply and turned towards him, a big smile on my face.
“It sure does”, he replied to me with a very big grin on his face. His features looked angelic and I couldn’t stop myself when I cupped his face and brought his lips to mine.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 141
Adrian’s POV
Her lips molded perfectly with mine and it felt like I was just kissing her for the first time. I pulled her impossibly close to me with the intention of never letting her go.
She moaned softly into the kiss and all the blood in my body rushed to my dick. Damon growled in my head and it took all of my willpower to not throw her against the bed and fuck her the way I wanted to. 2
The image of her naked body that that son of a bitch sent to me flashed in my head and I held on to her with every fibre of my being. I feared that she would disappear if I stopped holding on to her like that.
“Adrian, you can let me go now. I promise that I’m not going to dissipate into the air”, her angelic voice reached my ears and I opened my eyes that I didn’t even know I was closing.
I looked down and saw that my fingers were still digging into her waist. I removed my hands and moved back from her, ignoring the look of hurt in her eyes.
“I’m sorry. I’m really sorry. I did not know that I was holding on so tight. I did not know that I was holding you. I would never hurt you, you know that right?” I rambled and held my head.
How could I have been so blind and stupid? She just got back from being held captive and I was still hurting her. What kind of a mate am I? How could I do such a thing?
Soft hands took my hands in theirs and I looked at my beautiful mate’s face.
“Hey, hey baby. Look at me”, she cooed softly like she was talking to a baby and I calmed down to really look at her.
Her eyes were sunken and she looked malnourished. The light in her eyes was dimmed and I blamed myself for it. I was about to spiral into the depths of my thoughts again until one of her hands cupped my chin.
“Don’t you dare!” She said with a stern voice but her eyes were soft. “I promise that you were not hurting me. I needed that touch. I needed that assurance that I was really here”, she said and I felt like I could breathe. 1
“He……..he……….he-I….. he almost but I couldn’t………I tired to……he almost….” She tried to speak but she was having difficulty putting her thoughts into words.
“Baby, you don’t have to push yourself. You can tell me whatever this is when you are ready”, I told her but she shook her head. 1
“I want to get it off my chest”, she said with a breaking voice. “Come, let’s sit”, I gently guided her towards our bed.
She crawled into my laps and buried her face into the crook of my neck making Daxon purr in satisfaction. He actually purred like a cat. 1
“At least I’m not the one with the visible boner”, he said and I wanted to pull a trigger on that fucker. “Too bad I’m a part of you”, he mocked but I ignored him and focused on the beautiful woman in my arms.
She took several deep breaths to steady myself. I was about to tell her it wasn’t necessary for her to tell me when she started talking. 1
“He tried to rape me”, she blurted out and started crying. My body stiffened and I was unable to react. The image of her naked body being molested without her being able to do anything flashed behind my eyes and I could almost smell that fucker’s blood.
Vivid images of him being ripped to shreds by Daxon were running through my head and it took all my willpower to not leave Lola right there and find that bastard to give him the slow, painful death he deserved.
Her shaking body and soft sobs brought me back to the present. I held her closer to my chest and rubbed her back soothingly.
“I was lonely. I was scared. He wasn’t going to stop if I had not pushed him back with my power”, she hiccuped as she tried to speak through her tears.
I was gritting my teeth so hard, I was surprised they were still intact in my mouth. This bastard is going to pay with his blood and it won’t be an easy one for him.
“The look in his eyes was maddening and frightening. What if I had no powers? What if I was just like every other woman there? What if I couldn’t defend myself?” She asked before breaking down uncontrollably.
“I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to stop this from happening to you. He’ll pay with his blood, I promise “, I said through gritted teeth. My anger was rising and I didn’t want her to feel any negative emotions from me. She already had enough.
“You’re not mad at me?” She looked at me in disbelief and I felt my heart drop to the pit of my stomach. “Did you think so low of me? Baby”, I cupped her chin and made her look me in the eyes, “it wasn’t your fault. I’d never be mad at you”, I said with a heavy heart.
“She thinks lowly of us, we need to do more as a mate”, Daxon whimpered in my head and I couldn’t help but agree with him. “I’m sorry, Adrian. I’d never allow any other man to touch me inappropriately. I swear on my life that I love you and I’d never do anything to hurt you”, she rambled on while looking at me with an emotion I couldn’t quite place in her eyes.
“You’re hurting me right now, baby”, I told her softly. “I’m so hurt that you think I’ll blame you for what happened to you”. She tried to speak but I placed my fingers against her lips. “I love you, Lola. I’d do anything for you, even if it meant putting my life on the line for you”, her eyes softened at that and she hugged me tightly.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry”, she kept repeating so I placed a kiss on her forehead.
“You can only be forgiven if you do something for me right now”, I told her. She gently raised her head from my chest to look at me in question.
“I’m going to prepare a bath for you right now and you’re going to allow me to wash you myself “, she looked at me like I had grown another head.
“But I can wash myself…. “, she started to go against me, so I placed a chaste kiss on her lips to shut her up. “You’re trying to earn my forgiveness, I don’t think you have a say”, I told her with a smile and she rolled her eyes playfully at me.
“Of course. Anything my Alpha wants, my Alpha gets”, she said with a grin and my heart melted.
I gently placed her on the bed and made my way to our bathroom, one thought on my mind.
That son of a bitch will pay for what he did but I need to take care of my mate first.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 142
Lola’s POV
“Your intrusive thoughts won, dumbass”, Jasmine scolded me but I just rolled my eyes at her. “I told you he wouldn’t care about what happened. You need to realize that he’s a complete 360° from the man we met when we first came here” she said in the heat of the moment but I wasn’t really focusing on what she had to say. 2
I was distracted by the man that emerged from the bathroom, looking like a work of art. I swear he was fully clothed when he stepped into the bathroom. Tell me why his upper body was naked and his pants hung low on his waist.
His body was moist so I guessed I was taking a hot bath. He cleared his throat, making me look at his face. He smirked and leaned against the bathroom door, his pants threatening to go lower.
“Like what you see?” He teased me. With a confidence that I had no idea where it came from, I nodded my head and stood up from the bed.
With slow movements, I undressed myself, my eyes on his the whole time. The look of surprise on his face was so worth it. He definitely wasn’t expecting me to be so brazen and accept that I was ogling him.
During my strip show, he had changed his position and was now looking red like a ripe tomato. I chuckled softly, hiding my laughter behind my hands. 1
I stepped out of my clothes and sashayed towards him, his eyes on my boobs the whole time. The look of longing in his eyes made my nipples harden and I felt wetness pooling in between my legs.
I moved close to him and brushed my rock hard nipples against his naked chest. I could see the spark that passed between us and I gasped in pleasure.
Okay, I might have moaned a little but you can’t blame me. The feeling was overwhelming.
I looked up at him coyly and he was holding his breath. I pressed my body closer to him till we were flushed together and I could feel his hardness pressing into my lower stomach.
I cupped his clothed dick and felt him pulsing slightly in my hands. Without looking away from him, I stood on my tiptoes to whisper in his ears.
“You need to breathe, daddy”. A shiver ran through his body and I stepped away from him even though Jasmine was screaming at me to jump his bone right there. 3
“Calm your horny ass, girl”, I told her, “where’s the fun in that?” She whined like the horny bitch she was but I ignored her.
“I still need to earn my forgiveness and it won’t happen if you stand there instead of washing me up like you promised”, I said coyly before making my way into the bathroom.
I gently lowered myself into the hot bathtub, feeling every tight muscle in my body loosen. I saw him entering the bathroom and just acted on the first thought that crossed my mind.
Although my whole body was submerged under water, I was sure he could make out what I was doing inside it. I looked at him and maintained eye contact before dragging my left hand over my hardened nipple while my right hand went in between my legs.
I pinched my nipple and opened my mouth in a silent ‘O’. His eyes widened when he realised what I was doing to myself.
I looked down at his crotch and my mouth watered with the way his cock was straining against his pants. “Why don’t you pull off your clothes, Daddy? Your dressing is too much for the temperature in here”, I said in a voice I barely recognize as mine. 1
He pulled down his pants alongside his boxer briefs and I gasped. I don’t think I’ve ever seen anything as magnificent as my mate standing stark naked with his body glistening with sweat, desire clearly shown on his face. 1
His eyes did not leave the point where I was gently rubbing circles on my clit. One of his hands cupped his balls while the other gently stroked his length, all this while, he maintained eye contact with me.
I had gotten so wet and it wasn’t from the water in the bathtub. I inserted two fingers into myself and pleasured myself with them, moaning as I watched my mate stroke himself for me.
I wanted nothing more than feeling his cock inside me but in that moment, I was so content to be back in his presence and the look of pleasure on his face as he watched me pleasure myself was everything.
The faster I thrusted my fingers inside myself, the faster he stroked his angry looking cock too. His mouth was slightly parted, his tongue darting out to moisten his lips every now and then.
I imagined him using that tongue on me and quickened the pace at which I fingered myself while pinching my nipples and fondling my boobs.
The image of his thick cock fucking my mouth till I become breathless showed in our mindlink and I moaned out in pleasure.
“Fuck you, Adrian”, I gasped into the mindlink and he had the guts to give me a sexy smile that melted my insides. “Of course you are. Right after I watch you come from stroking yourself”, his husky voice came through the mindlink, making me moan louder.
“That has to be the hottest thing I’ve ever heard”, Jasmine panted in my head and I agreed with her.
Just when my fingers were getting cramped and I thought I was going to need him to finish me up, his voice rang across our mindlink again. 1
“You started it, you should finish it up”, he said. “Thrust inside that pussy like you mean it, baby. I want to watch you come undone for me”.
At his words, I melted and fingered myself harder. He sent images of what he’d do to my body through our mindlink and that was when I lost control.
I pumped my fingers harder, making water splash all around me. I maintained eye contact with him and saw that he was already losing control too, his jerking was getting sloppy and his breath came out harsher than it was normally. 2
We both came undone together, my eyes never leaving his body until the last of his cum dripped from his dick. I fell limp in the bathtub, trying to catch my breath as the aftermath of our time took energy away from me.
“Are you drained?” He asked as he knelt down beside the bathtub and cradled my head in his hands. I shook my head and a mischievous smile graced his face.
“Good. I’m not done with you yet”, he said with a smile that sent a zing down to my still pulsing pussy.
He washed my body as promised but made it dirty again in the dirtiest way you could think of. It was safe to say we did not sleep a wink through the night and I loved every moment of it.
When we finally showered together and slept in each other’s arms, I felt at peace. I felt at home.
He’s my home, this is my pack and I’d do everything within my power to protect it, no matter what it costs me.
And with that on my mind, I fell asleep.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 143
Damon’s POV
“You bitch”, I bellowed as I landed a slap across the face of the woman in front of me. She ruined everything. She ruined all my plans. I’ve worked hard for this plan to work for the longest time and she ruined everything for me.
It took all of my willpower to not kill her right there and then. My plan would have been flawless if the little clause that could ruin everything wasn’t bound by a silver chain right now.
I couldn’t get rid of her. Even though I did not accept her as my mate, I couldn’t get rid of her either. She’s my fated one which means that I’d slowly wither away if she’s no more.
The only person that knows that is Alysia and I know she’s never going to hurt her. The bitch needs the power that comes with being associated with me to survive. 1
Aside from her black magic, she doesn’t have anything else to keep herself relevant and I’m sure she wouldn’t want to pass her boundary. She knows that I can end her if I want. I heard the bitch thinks she’s going to be my queen after conquering the pack wolves but she would be shocked about what will come her way once I get what I need.
“That won’t even happen if we don’t find the one that will make all our hard work and dreams come to fruition”, Asher growled in my head.
If he could, he’d have snapped the neck of the stupid woman dangling by the silver chain without batting an eye but he also knows the consequences and we did not come this far to ruin everything now.
A guard came up to me and whispered in my ears that Alysia was waiting for me in my room. I needed her to relieve stress and see if her black magic can provide any solution on how to get Lola back.
I nodded and turned to leave the room where my mate was chained when her actions stopped me in my tracks.
She was laughing maniacally which made me fucking angry. I was giving her the privilege of living after what she cost me and she thinks she can mock me for that?
I turned towards her and marched to where she was dangling from. I pulled her chin so that she could look me in the eyes and the bitch had the audacity to smirk at me.
“Just what exactly is funny in this situation, bitch?” I snarled in her face but she kept smirking at me. Angered by her insolence, I slapped her across the face again. Blood spurted from her mouth and stained the floor but she kept on laughing.
When she looked at me again, she had an elated look in her eyes. Well, in her left eye since the right is almost swollen shut from being battered by me.
“I asked you a question, you stupid slut”, I gritted out as I held her chin in my hand, almost crushing her bone. “You seem so agitated, mate”, she slowly said, “is something the problem?” She smirked at me and I lost my shit.
I punched her and more blood gushed out from her, some of her teeth clattered on the floor too but she did not make any sound of pain. That only fueled her to laugh more.
“You know you’re going to be defeated. Why are you trying to put up a stupid fight?” She mocked. “You’ve been playing a losing game from the beginning and your cup is full now”.
“If you think you and your stupid slut with black magic will be able to conquer Adrian and Lola, you need to think again. You lost before you even began the battle. Their love will always win over your stupid obsession and psychopathy”, she gave me a bloody smile and if looks could kill, hers would have me 30 feet underneath.
My anger rose until all I could see was red. “You should give up now, my lovely mate. You’ll never be eno…….”, I didn’t allow her to finish her sentence before I punched her in the guts knocking her out in the process.
I took a deep breath to steady myself and reign in Asher before I made a decision that would cost me everything I’ve worked for.
I stormed out of the room, not before leaving instructions that the bitch should be fed enough just to stay alive. I can’t have her dying on me and ruining my plans.
I got to my room and met Alysia already undressed and ready for me to take. I took out all my frustration on her and she took it like the slut that she was.
Just like I predicted, she had no solution to offer when I brought up the issue of Lola escaping. I sent her out of my room and laid down, thinking about what next to do but nothing came to me.
What if that Fay bitch was right? What if everything I worked hard for doesn’t pan out the way I wanted it to be? What will become of me then?
I picked out a bottle of whiskey and drank it straight from the bottle, contemplating on what to do next. I have to find a way. I won’t go down like this.
Fay’s POV
I woke up with pain exploding all over my body, especially the right side of my face. I looked around the room and sighed in relief when I saw that I was all alone.
I burst into tears and allowed myself to let out all the feelings that I bottled in.
The guilt from betraying my Alpha and pack. The pain of being rejected by my own mate. The fear of Lola and Crescent moon pack not being able to take down my asshole of a mate.
Everything crashed on me and I cried until I could no longer cry. I cried until my eyes dried up and refused to produce more tears. I cried until I became numb and could no longer feel anything.
Just when I felt myself being pulled into the abyss of darkness again, I sent a silent prayer to the moon goddess.
Please, strengthen her enough to be able to take him down. We all need your help, moon goddess.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 144
Lola’s POV
I was in the garden when I opened my eyes. The garden? Oh shit, the garden. That means I have been gone for a while. Adrian is going to panic when he realizes that I’m not waking up. Rose is going to go crazy when she finds out too.
I sat up and looked around frantically, trying to see if I could find Selene but she was nowhere to be found. I stood up, not bothering to take in the garden that had always fascinated me with its beauty.
My goal was to find Selene, discuss whatever brought me here and get out. I need to get back to my pack. “I need to get back to my mate”, Jasmine growled in my head.
She was being restless which was not helping my situation at all. “Will you calm the fuck down?” I screamed at her through our mindlink.
“Selene is nowhere to be found and you know fully well that we can’t get out of here without seeing her”. She fucking kept quiet after that and I fell to the ground on my knees with my head between my hands, breathing heavily and willing myself to cry.
“Child”, I heard Selene’s voice and stood up so fast, I almost got a whiplash. I faced her and her beautiful face was in sadness. At the sight of her, all my anger and worries vanished and I was concerned about her.
A mere mortal is concerned about a goddess? Yeah, I asked myself that too but I was actually worried about her. If the calm and gentle Selene had something troubling her, we definitely have a huge problem on our hands.
“Why long face, Selene? Is something the matter?” I gently probed her but she did not say a word. She led us towards a meadow and made us sit down.
“You have to tell me something, Selene. There has to be a reason I’m here, right?” I asked her and she sighed.
“I have news on how to conquer Damon”, she said and I squealed in delight. “This is good news, Selene “, I hugged her but she didn’t return my excitement.
“I have good and bad news, child”, her sad eyes looked into mine but I just gaped at her. If she was so disturbed about something, it must be very bad.. 1
“Tell me, then”, I snapped at her. I was getting agitated and she wasn’t helping matters with her silence.
“I met with the fates since they’re the only ones that can predict what will happen and we came up with a way to stop Damon from taking over but they want something else in exchange for that”, she said.
I looked at her intently, waiting for her to keep talking. “What do they want in return? I’d do anything to save my people. I’ll do anything to save Crescent moon pack. They gave me life when I thought it was over for me. They made me feel like a part of them and I found a home and ray of hope with them. Nothing the fates want in return will be too much to give up”, I said to
her.
And I meant every word of it. Nothing is too much to sacrifice for them. Nothing at all.
“They want your soul, Lola”, she said and paused, but I said nothing. “That means you can never be reincarnated nor will you see your mate again. Taking your soul means you’ll be alone for eternity, I can’t let them do that to you”, she whispered into the air around us.
I wanted to smile and tell her that it was nothing and I’d gladly let my soul be taken if it meant that I’d be able to stop all of them from being killed but it was hard for me.
I turned away from her and clawed at my chest. It felt like the air around me was disappearing and the whole world was caving in on me. I was finding it difficult to breathe but I was still aware of everything going on around me.
“Lola, Lola”, Selene shook me gently and I gasped for air like I just came out of the water. “I’m so sorry, child. I tried to negotiate with them but that was the only thing they wanted in exchange for the information. They’re willing to wait till you conquer the rogues before they take it”, she said.
“What do I do?” I asked her. “What the fuck do you think you’re doing, human?” Jasmine growled in my head. “Saving our pack and people, of course. What the fuck does it seem like?” I snapped at her.
“We can’t leave our mate like that. I can’t leave my mate like that. I went through a lot for me to get this happiness, I won’t let any rogue wolf take it away from me do easily “, she snapped and I rolled my eyes at her.
“There won’t be any pack or mate to go to if we failed, Jas”, I screamed at her. “Don’t you get it? We won’t have a pack nor a mate if we don’t save our people”, I said that part softly and she whimpered in my head before going silent. I felt her recede to the back of my head and sighed in defeat.
I turned to Selene and waited for her to answer my question. “First, you have to complete your mating bond with your mate”, she said and I looked at her like she had grown another head.
“We completed our mating bond already, Selene”, I told her. Is she not supposed to know things like that? I even have the mark on my neck.
“I know that you guys completed your mating bond but Jasmine and Daxon didn’t “. Oh. Oh.
“They have to complete their mating bond so that you can finally unlock your full power”, she said and I nodded.
“You’ll need your mate every step of the way for this. Remember that you can’t do it alone, so allow him to help you as much as he can”, she said and I nodded again.
She went silent and I looked at her quizzically. “So how do we conquer them?” I asked and she laughed softly.
“You’ll figure that out with your mate, you just have to trust him and accept help from people around you”, she said with a sad smile in her eyes. 1
Is she kidding me I was about to ask her what she meant by that and why she wasn’t telling me what the plan to get rid of the rogues was when I felt myself being pulled under.
Fuck you, Selene.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 145
Lola’s POV
When I opened my eyes, I saw Adrian sitting on the sofa, casually reading through some documents and I was perplexed.
Was I not out of it for long? I made to get out of bed which brought his attention to me. He smiled at me and dropped the document in his hands before striding over to me calmly.
“Look at who finally decided to wake up”, he teased me with a smile on his face and I became confused. “Huh? Was I out of it for long?” I asked him. “Not really, you were just asleep for 2 days”, he said like it was the most normal thing in the universe.
“And you’re not worried or something?” I asked him in confusion. “The moon goddess came to me”, he said as he sat down beside me and held my hands in his.
I looked at him in shock but he smiled at me. “Selene came to you?” I asked, my confusion and shock clearly written over my face and he nodded, his smile still evident on his face. “But why?” I asked him.
Don’t get me wrong, I was glad they did not panic nor worry over me, I had already caused too much trouble lately. But, I also wanted to know how he could communicate with Selene and why she’s suddenly showing herself to him.
The whole encounter with her and her telling me I would have to pay with my soul but she did not give me any tangible information to work with has made me paranoid. What if Adrian will be harmed instead?
I knew he’d lay down his life without giving it a second thought, he was that selfless. I don’t think I’ll be able to forgive myself if he left me behind. He’s the reason I’m trying so hard to save everyone, I won’t be able to continue living if I lost him.
“Apparently, I now have access to her since we mated and my eyes changed colors”, he pointed to his eyes which showed that he was one with his wolf. Something that only I had before and I calmed down a bit.
Judging from the way he was speaking too, he had no idea what Selene told me and I planned to keep it that way.
Selene also said we have to mate in our wolf form and I wasn’t sure how that was going to work. As much as I wanted to spend so much time with my mate, I also knew that we do not have time to waste.
Damon is unhinged and having a very unhinged Alysia as his ally will only decrease our chances of winning if a war is brought upon us, unprepared.
“Adrian, I want to ask you something”, I said and he looked up at me expectantly. “Do you think we can……..”, I was unable to finish my words because the door slammed open and Rose came in.
Her eyes were sad and she looked dejected until she saw me. Her eyes lit up and she ran towards me. She hugged me with so much force, I thought I was going to pass out from not being able to breathe. 3
“R-ro-ose-e”, I managed to wheeze out but she did not let go. She kept muttering words like, “thank goddess you’re alive”, ” I’m glad you’re back to us”, under her breath.
“She’s not going to be alive for long if you keep holding her like that, Mom”, Adrian said from behind us and that was when she let me go.
“Oh my goddess”, she exclaimed, “did I hurt you?” She kept checking me all over even though there was a smile on my face.” I’m sorry, pumpkin. I was just excited to see you”, she said as she held my face in her soft, motherly hands.
I patted her hands as my smile widened. “You were not hurting me, Rose. Adrian over there just worries a lot”, I assured her and she seemed relieved.
“Baby, you were almost turning blue”, Adrian said through our mindlink and I mentally rolled my eyes. “She was just excited to see me and you stopped her just in time, I don’t see the problem here. She’s not going to hurt me and you know it”, I told him but he just crossed his hands over his chest and hmphed.
Real mature.
“You must be really hungry, no?” She asked and my stomach chose that moment to growl in response. “I thought as much”, she said, “I’ll whip up something real quick. Just clean up and come downstairs to eat”, she pinched my cheeks and I nodded happily.
“Of course, Rose. I’ll be just a minute”. She stood up and looked at Adrian sternly.
“I believe you heard me say I was going to cook?” She asked and Adrian nodded his head slowly. “I wonder why you’re not in the kitchen yet”, she said and Adrian grumbled under his breath.
“Did you say something?” She raised her eyebrows at him and he shook his head. “No, mom. I said I’ll be so honored to help you cook up a feast that we will end up not eating, for my mate”, he said with a smile and I burst out laughing.
Those two are so cute and my heart ached slightly at the thought of having to lose both of them because of my personal gain.
“Wanting to live and be with our mate is not a personal gain, Lola”, Jasmine said sadly in my head, “we deserve everything good that life has to offer”, she finished.
“You know deep down that we’d not even have anyone to be happy with if we don’t make this sacrifice”, I replied to her and it took a lot for me to not show any signs of physical pain.
All I wanted to do was scream and hit my chest where it hurt but I couldn’t.
I felt Adrian poking at our mindlink and let down my wall. “You seem to be having an internal battle, are you okay, baby?” He asked gently and I had to smile at him because I did not trust myself to not break down if I said anything.
He squinted his eyes at me but dropped the matter anyway. “And the question you wanted to ask me?” He asked. “Later, baby”, I told him and a huge smile took over his face.
He was about to say something again when Rose came back into the room to drag him by his ears. He could have easily refused but he allowed himself to be dragged anyway and that brought tears to my eyes.
I’m going to miss this. I’m going to miss them, but I’d rather protect them than lose them and be all alone in this cruel world again.
I stood up to shower before I allowed my emotions to overwhelm me. While cleaning up, I made up my mind.
One week. I’ll just be a normal girl that is happy with her mate for a week. Life, or should I say Fate, can throw anything at me after that.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 146
Lola’s POV
Cleaning up has never felt so good. I took my time to use all of my girlie products, trying to keep my intrusive thoughts at bay. Jasmine wasn’t helping either but I understand how hard this must be for her.
“If only Adrian hadn’t been a fool and had accepted us sooner, we won’t have this problem now”, Jasmine sulked and it took me a lot of patience to calm down.
If I could see her physically, I’d have slapped her by now, I swear to the moon goddess.
“We’d have to choose anyway. I don’t understand why you’re trying to push the blame around”, I snapped at her. “It had always been our destiny, it’s time you realized that”, I basically screamed at her and she whimpered.
She needs to stop being this way about what’s going on with us. We’ve always been dealt the bad hand in life. At least, we’ll be keeping the people that make us happy safe with the decision I made.
“I hope you’re not telling Daxon anything?” I asked her after a moment of silence. “I’m not dumb, I don’t want him to worry about me”, she answered, sulking and I nodded my head.
Taking a deep breath, I stepped out of the bathroom ready to enjoy my day without anything standing in my way.
I picked out a cute, black, flare skirt and matching black, crop top. I paired it with a nude sandal, applied mascara and eyeliner, put on a little lip gloss and twirled in front of the mirror.
Not looking like my problem? Check.
I picked up my phone that was on the dresser and turned it on to see that I have loads of messages from Lyla and Avianca. Most were texts from the day I saw them last. The most recent ones were from Lyla and it said;
“Girl, I heard you’re awake now and you don’t think you should have texted me first Do you know how worried I was when you decided to become a sleeping beauty and sleep for two days?”
“Two whole days, bitch. Adrian said you were just knocked out and I understand that you went through a lot, but two days” I laughed and kept reading through her messages as I went downstairs. Lyla can be so dramatic.
“You finally got your true love kiss and you still did not text me?”
“You know what? I’m going to show up at your house. My baby demands to see her godmother”, her last message read. I was almost at the base of the stairs when I read her last message.1
I was about to reply to her when I looked up and saw five pairs of eyes looking at me. How did I miss their breathing? Avianca, Lyla, Nathan, Rose and my very breath-taking mate all stared at me.
He had changed his clothes and his stubble that was present this morning was gone, giving him a boyish charm. I felt him poking at our mindlink and let down my block.
“You look so beautiful, my Queen”, he said and I felt myself getting redder. His Queen? That’s new, not that I like it any less.” You look breathtakingly handsome yourself”, I told him and he smirked at me. “Have you always been this gorgeous?” I added and it was his turn to become red.
“I hope to the moon goddess that you’re about to text or I might end you myself”, Lyla spoke up from her position on the chair, breaking our little moment and I chuckled a bit.
“She just laughed at me, guys”, she said looking around, talking to no one in particular. She tried to stand up but her protruding stomach hindered her from getting up easily. Her display just caused everyone to laugh.
“Nathan, help me up”, she snapped at her mate but he refused to. He just stared at her like she is the best thing in the world. I looked over to Adrian and he had that look in his eyes too, making me flush with pride
“I swear to the moon that if you don’t help me up this instant, I’ll impale myself on any sharp metal I see. It’s so obvious you don’t love me at all”, Lyla threatened Nathan and all blood drained from his face in horror. I went over to where she was sitting and pulled her into a side hug.
“You have to stop threatening him with your life, bitch”, Avianca said and I laughed as she fumed and tried to get out of our hug.
“Avia is right. You don’t want my beautiful goddaughter to get used to violence, right?” I rubbed her belly and she relaxed into the hug.
“I missed you too, Lyla. I’m not going to allow anything to happen to me again. I have to watch my goddaughter grow, no?” I said gently and she broke down into tears. 1
“Damn these stupid hormones”, she said as she furiously wiped her tears. “I don’t want to cry at all. In fact, I’m so mad at you right now”, she poked at my chest as she talked but I just held her close.
“You’re going to drill a hole in her chest at that rate”, Avianca said as she sat on the other side of her and joined our little hug session. “I was feeling left out”, she said before we all hugged again.
“You have to promise me that you’ll be here to watch my baby grow”, Lyla said after a while and I nodded. “Good! You also have to give me four godchildren to spoil”, she smiled and leaned her head on my shoulder.
“Why are you going to be the godmother to all her children?” Avianca said and pouted from her side of the chair. “You know I want to be their godmother too. We’re going to share them equally. You’ll be godmother to the two boys and I’ll be godmother to the two girls”, she said with a firm nod of her head.
“Why am I getting the boy? And how do you know that they’re going to be two each?” Lyla questioned with her hands crossed over her chest.
“You’re getting the boys because you’re very violent and I just know that they’ll be two each, durhhhhh”, Avianca said and poked her tongue at her.
“Did anyone see her poke her tongue at me?” She looked around, soliciting for support. The whole time, the whole room looked at them with a huge smile on their faces.
“There, there. I’ll be your child’s godmother, Lyla. You’ll both be godmothers to my children, how about that?” I asked and they both nodded before moving onto another conversation real quick like that never happened.
“Liar”, Jasmine said in my head but I ignored her.
A pang went through my chest but I shook it off. I’m making the best decision for everyone. These people mean the whole world to me and I’d do everything to protect them.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 147
Adrian’s POV
It was so nice to see her bickering with her friends like nothing happened. She looked so happy but I could tell that something was wrong. Call me paranoid but I could feel it around her that she was hiding something from me.
The way she seemed to stare off into space sometimes. The little changes in her emotions. The way her eyes suddenly clouds with sadness. I just knew something wasn’t right.
“Do you think it has something to do with what the moon goddess said to us?” Daxon asked in my head. “Jasmine has been off too, I think Lola is just hiding it well. I hope to the moon that whatever she’s hiding doesn’t break us when we find out”, he said and I sighed internally.
Could it be what the moon goddess said to me?
The day after we had the shower session, I was awake earlier than I normally would and went to workout for a bit. I ended up spending more time than I intended and expected her to be awake by the time I came back but she wasn’t awake.
Thinking I overused her body, I went to prepare breakfast and brought it to her in bed but she still wasn’t awake. I wanted to wake her but I got pulled into a garden when I touched her hand.
I looked around, half expecting something to jump out at me but everything was serene and peaceful. I wished I could stay in the garden forever.
“Welcome Adrian”, a soft angel-like voice said from behind me and I turned to face the most beautiful creature I’ve ever laid my eyes on.
Lola will always be the most beautiful woman in my eyes but something about this woman screams supernatural. She was ethereal and perfect, not a single thing out of place around her.
“Have we met? A great grandmother or something?” I asked and she laughed heartily. “Who knew you could be this funny?” She said, still laughing slightly and I felt very silly.
“Way to go human”, Daxon teased and I became slightly red. I’m not always like this, what is wrong with me?
“I’m not your great grandmother, Adrian”, the woman in front of me said. “But you know me anyway. I am Selene and you’re here in my garden for a reason”, her goddess-like voice reached my ears.
Wait, goddess like? Selene? Her garden?
She must have seen the question on my face because she spoke up. “Yes, I’m the moon goddess”, she said with a smile and I bowed before her.
“It’s an honor to be before you, Selene “, I said and she chuckled slightly. “Please rise”, she said and I straightened my back. “I’ll go straight to the point”, she started, “I brought you here to talk about the oncoming war”, she said and I raised my head to look her in the eyes.
“If you’re going to win the war, it’s going to come at a huge price but the price to pay is what is not known”, she said with a troubled look in her eyes.
“I’ll do whatever to protect the people around me. I don’t care what the price is”, I blurted out without thinking first.
It was true though. I’ll gladly do anything to ensure the safety of my mate, my mom and my pack.
“I know you will. All you have to do is support Lola in whatever decision she makes concerning the war”, she said and I nodded.
“You should go now”, she smiled at me but it was a sad smile. I bowed before her and she nodded her head in acknowledgement.
“One more thing”, I raised my head to look her in the eyes, “Lola might take a while before she wakes up”. I was about to talk but she held her hands up.
“She’s also in this garden but we have more important matters to attend to”, she said, making me relax a little. “Now go, child. And remember, you must support all that she does”, she said.
I wanted to speak but I couldn’t say a thing before I got pulled under again.
When I opened my eyes, I was beside my beautiful mate. She seemed relaxed and at peace and I gently placed a kiss on her forehead. At least I know that she hasn’t left me.
“Thank God I made enough food for everyone”, Mom said and Lyla clapped excitedly, making everyone laugh. Lately, she has been eating a lot and her emotions are always everywhere but she makes my mate happy, so I just let her be her own person.
I looked at my Queen beside her and smiled. I couldn’t help but imagine her pregnant when she talked about having kids and godmother with her friends.
“I really can’t wait for this war to be over so that we can start a family of our own”, Daxon said in my head and I agreed with him.
Mom stood up first and Avianca followed her to help her set the table, followed by a waddling Lyla supported by Nathan. My mate was the last one behind and she waited for everyone to leave before she came to me.
I was expecting everything but what she did next. She sat on my lap and wrapped her hands around my shoulder while she placed her head in the crook of my neck. I wrapped my hands around her waist and breathed her in.
“I missed you so much”, she whispered into my ears and I shivered slightly. “You did, didn’t you?” I whispered back since I was at a loss for words. She just fries my brain like that.
“Want to go on a date with me tomorrow?” She asked and I was taken aback. I love this side of her but another voice in my head was saying that this is just the calm before the storm.
I nodded and gently rubbed her back. “You know I will love to go on a date with you, my Queen. All you have to do is ask and I’ll do anything for you”, I told her and she smiled against my skin making me grin like an idiot.
“Technically, you’re an idiot in love”, Daxon teased but I ignored him.
She opened her mouth to speak again when Avianca interrupted us. “Not to interrupt but we’re all waiting for you so that we can start eating. Lyla is having a fit right now because we have to wait”, she said with her hands on her waist and I glared at her.
“Of course, you did not ruin anything at all”, Lola said sarcastically. Avianca shrugged her shoulders and went back the way she came from.
“We should get you fed. We’ll talk better later, hmmmm?” I told her and she nodded. She dropped a chaste kiss on my lips and ran into the kitchen.
I smiled before going after her. This woman is going to be the death of me.
If only I knew.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 148
Lola’s POV
Breakfast or should I say, lunch was very fun and eventful. Lyla was a drama queen the whole period and I pitied poor Nathan. I wondered how he still put up with her.
She first threw a tantrum when Adrian and I entered the kitchen. Her fork was already in her food and she looked like she was going to burst from anger.
“I’m so sorry we kept you waiting, guys. We can start eating now “, I smiled sheepishly at everyone as I took a seat beside Rose while Adrian sat next to me.
“I’d have thrown this fork at you if I wasn’t so ready to eat”, Lyla glared at her seat but I just grinned at her. She rolled her eyes and dug into her food immediately, smiling after she took the first bite.
I swear that no one changes emotions as much as she did in the span of a minute. The next moment, she was crying because the food was too good and Nathan never cooks for her like that.
In her words, “You have been starving me of good food since I became pregnant “, she sniffled as she stuffed more food into her mouth. “You’ve never fed me anything as good as this. I think I’ll just leave you and pack in with Rose”, she said with so much seriousness, my heart froze for a second.
I wasn’t doubting her ability to actually move from Nathan’s home and come stay with us. Rose seemed to have the same thinking since she looked towards Nathan for help.
“Kitten, you know that I’d do anything for you”, he said as he pulled her closer and gently rubbed her back. “I’ll get the recipe from Rose and make it for you”, he smiled at her and she wiped her face with the back of her hand.
“Are you sure you’ll do that for me?” She asked again and her mate nodded eagerly. She clapped her hands happily and went back to her food like nothing happened.
I looked towards Avianca and she shrugged her shoulders. Adrian was shaking with laughter and it took all of my willpower to not burst out laughing.
The rest of the lunch went well until I felt hands roaming my thighs. I almost choked on what I was chewing and the culprit was the one who gave me water and patted my back.
“What exactly are you doing, young man?” I asked him through our mind link and he had the guts to smirk at me. “What do you mean by that, baby? I’m not doing anything at all”, he replied to me, his hands still rubbing my thighs and I glared at the side of his head.
His hands inched forward and my breathing quickened. Jasmine purred seductively in my head and wetness started pooling in my panties.
I tried to eat my food without choking but it was hard. I tried to mindlink him but his wall was up and he refused to let me in. That sly Alpha.
Rose must have noticed that something was wrong with me because I was pushing my food around my plate while trying to regulate my breathing. I just prayed and hoped that my arousal was masked by the aroma of food.
“Are you okay, pumpkin?” She asked and all eyes fell on mp oe, including the cause of my predicament. “I, I, huh, I’m, I’m fine. Just a bit tired, that’s all”, I managed to get out and they all looked at me weirdly.
“Do you have a fever? You look so red right now”, Avianca said with a knowing look in her eyes. I was about to answer her when Adrian’s finger brushed my clit. I let out a moan but covered it up with a cough.
“I think I just need to lie down “, I rushed out. I stood up suddenly and walked out of the kitchen. I heard him say “I’ll go and make sure she’s okay” and a “Thank you for the food, mom” before he followed me.
I entered our room and went straight to the bathroom, locking the door behind me. He turned the knob and started knocking when he couldn’t open it.
“Lola, baby, I’m sorry. I just wanted to make you feel good, I should have asked you if you wanted something like that in the first place “, he said with sadness evident in his voice but I refused to open the door for him.
He’s going to pay for what he did. With that thought in mind and an evil grin on my face, I walked towards one of the bathroom counter drawers where I kept some stash of lingerie and picked out a sexy red lingerie.
It was one of those ones that Lyla made me buy on one of our shopping spree. It was a lacy two piece with garter. The top left nothing to the imagination and the bottom was crotchless.
He was still knocking at the door and threatening to tear it down but I paid him no heed. Let him suffer for a while before he gets what’s coming for him.
After putting on my outfit of choice, I ruffled my hair a bit till I was satisfied with how I look. I then applied lipgloss to make me look and feel sexy.
“Oh la la”, Jasmine exclaimed in my head and I laughed internally. I looked good and I could only imagine the effect it would have on Adrian when he sees me.
“I know you can hear me baby, I can hear you moving around in there. Just tell me something, anything “, he pleaded desperately but I ignored him while laughing quietly. The thought of him begging on his knees came to mind and I felt hot all over.
“Woah there, freaky. I thought I was the horny, dirty-minded one” Jasmine said and I laughed. “You can’t tell me then that you haven’t imagined him on his knees begging to touch us?” I asked and she squealed in delight.
Dirty, horny wolf.
“You either open that door or I’m breaking it down, Lola”, he threatened and I just knew he was going to do it.
Removing my slippers, I walked bare-footed towards the door and opened it just as he was about to slam his body into it.
He opened his mouth to say something but stopped when he saw what I was wearing.
“Hey, Daddy”, I whispered in my most seductive tone and his jaw dropped.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 149
Lola’s POV
His pupils were dilated and I giggled at the look on his face. His hands laid limp by his side, his lips parted and closed but no sounds came out of them. His pupils were dilated and his dick stood proudly in his pants. 1
At the sight of his engorged cock, my mouth watered and I wanted to taste him so bad. I walked slowly to him, making sure that our eyes were locked the whole time.
I wrapped my hands around his neck and pulled his head closer to mine. I locked eyes with him and parted my lips like I was about to kiss him but I whispered in his ear instead.
“You were being bold and bad roughly 20 minutes ago, baby. Cat got your tongue?” I said softly and he groaned before holding me closer by my waist.
I could feel his dick pressing into my skin and a sense of pride that I was the one who made him that way with a glance overwhelmed me. I palmed him and softly bit his earlobe, to which he responded by smacking my ass cheeks before grabbing them.
“It’s broad daylight and Mom might check on you anytime soon since you claimed you were not feeling too good. Are you sure you still want to do this?” He asked huskily, his hands never leaving my ass.
“I don’t care what time it is nor what anyone thinks, I’ll have you whenever I want, however I want you”, I placed a chaste kiss on his lips.
“Whatever my Queen wants, my Queen gets”, he responded with a pant, his dick pulsing against my stomach steadily.
“You really mean that, right?” He nodded his head eagerly and I giggled. “You can’t take it back, I hope you know that?” I asked him again and he nodded.
“Get down on your knees”, I whispered in his ear and he froze. “You can’t do that? Whatever I want, I get, remember?” I continued to whisper in his ear and his body started shaking slightly.
Slowly, he moved back from me and went down on his knees, maintaining eye contact the whole time. I grinned at him and rubbed his chin before placing one of my legs over his shoulder.
He was still tall while kneeling so I almost fell while placing my legs on his shoulder. He steadied me and looked down to correctly place my leg over his shoulder. His eyes widened when he saw my crotchless panties and the wetness that was already pooling at my entrance.
“Like what you see?” I asked sultrily and he nodded, his eyes never leaving my pussy lips. “Good boy”, I moaned out and he groaned like it pained him to watch me without being able to devour me.
“You want a taste of this, don’t you?” I purred. “Mmmmmmm, you know I do” he answered me and reached to touch me but I slapped his hands away and he looked at me with a mixture of hurt and shock.
Exactly what I wanted.
“You were naughty before and you thought you could get away with it. Will that not be unfair?” I spoke to him in the manner a mother will speak to their child and I saw the conflicts in his eyes. 1
He was so turned on, yet he wanted control. Jasmine was purring in my head and I was loving every moment of it. I’ve always wanted to be in charge, no better time than now.
I took my leg off his shoulder and stepped away from him. He made to stand up but I gave him a nasty look.
“I don’t remember telling you to get up, Daddy”, I told him as I walked towards the door, “stay right there and be good for me”
I locked the door and went to lie down on the bed, spreading my legs as far as they would go, my glistening pussy on display.
“Crawl over and get what you want, Daddy”, I called out to him and he wasted no time actually crawling over. Even while being under my command, he looked so hot and authoritative and I slowly lost the will to be in charge.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 150
I suddenly wanted to be controlled. He locked eyes with me as he took my legs and placed them on his shoulders. Without warning, he covered my lower lips with his hot, sinful mouth, his tongue plunging into my hole repeatedly without stopping.
I moaned loudly and fisted his soft locks as he fucked me with his mouth. I tried to move but he firmly held me in place with one of his palms placed over my lower stomach.
My legs shook uncontrollably when he plunged two of his fingers inside me and sucked on my clit. I was moaning loudly while begging him to have mercy but he did not stop. He fingered me wildly till I came all over his lips and did not stop till I came down from my high.
I closed my eyes as he stood up with a look of determination on his face. I just knew I was fucked. I heard sounds of clothes being discarded and mentally prepared myself for what was about to come.
“Open your eyes, baby”, his deep voice reached my ears and I opened my eyes to see him stroking his thick, long dick whose tip was red and angry.
“You like what you see? You want a taste?” He asked and I nodded my head but he just chuckled evilly. “Too bad I won’t allow you to suck on it. I’m way too turned on to be fucking your mouth”, he moved closer to me and placed his two fingers that were inside me initially into my mouth. 1
I happily sucked on them and he gently parted my legs with his other hand. “Let’s fuck that insolence out of you right now”, he removed his fingers from my mouth and stroked his dick twice before lining himself up to my entrance.
In one long motion, he speared me and I moaned loudly, my back falling onto the bed completely. He rested one hand between my head while the other switched between rubbing my pussy and choking me as he pounded me into oblivion.
Sex with him was never this rough and I was enjoying every moment of it. Occasionally he’d call me his slut or bitch to which I just get more turned on.
When he felt that I was going to come, he pulled out and smirked at me. “Why, why did you stoppp?” I whimpered and he chuckled.
“Since you want the orgasm so bad, why don’t you work for it”, he said and I looked at him in puzzlement.
He laid down on the bed and made me climb atop him and that was when I got what he was saying. I took his dick in my hands and slid it inside me, gasping when it hit another angle inside me.
I slowly moved up and down while he freed my boibs from my lingerie top. He tweaked my nipple and I leaned forward so he could take them into his mouth.
Taking advantage of my position, he held my ass cheeks as he delivered powerful strokes from beneath. I screamed, not caring if anyone heard me as I bounced on him.
The familiar feeling in my stomach started building up and I urged to go faster, the feeling of his warm veiny cock massaging and pulsating inside me threw me over the edge and I buried my face in his neck as my juices flowed over his dick.
His thrusts got sloppy and his warm liquid soon filled my insides as he climaxed too. I made to stand up but he held close to him.
“5 minutes. Let’s just stay this way for 5 minutes”, he said and I nodded. “You know I love you, right?” He asked and I nodded.
“And I love you more than life itself “, I smiled at him, hoping he did not see the sadness in my eyes. I wanted to stay that way forever but good things don’t last.
With thoughts of what’s to come on my mind, I slept off with his dick and cum still inside me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 151
Adrian’s POV
I rubbed her back gently as I listened to her heartbeat. The moment felt so perfect and I felt so complete and at peace.
I removed my already flaccid cock from her and gently placed her on the bed. I made to stand up but she wrapped herself around me tighter, making my heart flutter wildly.
We did not undress fully before we had our moment, so her clothes were at a weird angle on her body which made her look even cuter.
I gently detangled myself from her and went into the bathroom to get a bowl of warm water and a small towel to clean her up. I gently removed her clothes and cleaned her up, taking extra time to clean her swollen pussy.
I tucked her into bed and made to leave but she held my hand. “Please, don’t leave me”, she whispered in a sad tone, tugging at my heartstrings.
“I’ll never leave you again, my Queen. Not if I can help it”, I kissed her forehead and she went back to sleeping.
My heart broke for her and it took a lot of willpowerto not find out what was going on with her. I was going to follow what Selene said and trust her in everything she decides to do.
I went into the bathroom, took a hot shower and might have fisted my dick till I came too. You would if you were in my shoes, the memories of what we did and how sexy she looked in her choice of outfit made all my blood rush to my dick.
After spending almost 30 minutes in the shower, I left the bathroom to find Lola writhing on the bed like she was in pain. I rushed to her and tried to wake her up but she kept thrashing and crying in her sleep.
“Please, please, you can’t do that to me. I’m so sorry, I’m so sorry”, she kept on repeating while tears streamed down her face. I scooped her into my arms and gently rocked her while trying to get her to open her eyes.
“It’s okay baby. You’re okay. Please, open your eyes for me. I got you”, I said to her as I rocked her and wished I could take all her pains away.
She opened her eyes slowly and looked around in fear until she realised she was in my arms. She hugged me tightly and cried into my chest.
“Was it a bad dream?” I asked and she nodded. ” i love you so much, Adrian. You know that right?” She asked with a hiccup and I nodded. “I know you love me but I love you more and I’d do anything for you, baby”,
“, I said but she kept on crying.
“I love you. I love you so much. You and Crescent moon pack gave me everything I never had growing up. This is my home, you’re my home and I promise that this will pass soon”
“, she said like she was trying
to assure herself.
“Is there something you’d like to tell me?” I asked her but she shook her head. “Not at all, Adrian”
“Do you still want to go on the date you agreed to?”
She changed the topic and I allowed her. I’ll allow her to tell me whatever is bothering her whenever she is ready.
“I’ll go on a date with you, I already told you that”, kissed her forehead and she smiled a little. “Do you have an idea of where you want us to go?” I asked her and she blushed slightly.
“Shit, I did not think about that”, she muttered and I burst out laughing. “Hey, stop laughing”, she pouted, prompting me to laugh harder, “I just wanted to spend time with you, I did not put so much thought into it”, she whispered before burying her head into my chest again.I did not even realise she was completely naked while I had just a towel on. She felt so perfect in my arms. She was right, she’s my home and I know that I’ll just do about anything to protect her. Even if it meant setting the world ablaze.
“Where do you want to go? Is there some place you’d like to see?” I asked her after a moment of silence. “I don’t know, I just want to be in a quiet place with you”, she said softly and my heart pumped faster.
“We’re one lucky bastard”, Daxon said with pride in my head. “We sure are”, I replied to him.
“How about I plan the date and you just look pretty and allow me to take care of you?” I asked her and she became red, making me chuckle softly.
“That’s totally fine too”,
, she replied and tried to stifle
a yawn. “You’re feeling sleepy again?” She nodded her head and nestled closer to my chest.
“I’ll lay down with you, let’s get you thoroughly cleaned and changed”, I carried her bridal style before she could protest.
“I can walk and clean up by myself”, she tried to argue but I shut her up with a kiss on her forehead. ” And I want to do everything to make my Queen comfortable. You can’t hinder me from doing that”.She stopped protesting and bathroom time went by quickly. I washed her body while she washed mine.
She tried to take it further but I refused her.
I don’t think she’ll be able to take it if I decide to take her again, so I controlled my urges and took her back to bed.
After changing and changing her into a boy short and one of my shirts, we laid together to sleep. She seemed disturbed and far away for a while before her breaths evened out and she snuggled deeper into me.
With my hands placed firmly on her body and her heartbeats calming me down. I fell into a deep slumber myself.
Lola’s POV
The nightmare that woke me up was about Damon.
He wiped everyone out and made me watch as he tore my mate apart with Alysia by his side.
It was a heart wrenching sight and I don’t ever want to go through that. It felt so real, like a message was being passed across.
If I refuse to pay the price, my loved ones will.
Never, I’ll never allow that to happen. Not if I can help it.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 152
Lola’s POV
It was nighttime when I woke up. The room was eerily quiet and it sent chills up my spine. I automatically reached for Adrian but his space was empty and cold, indicating that he had left the bedroom for a while.
What if something had happened to him and he was suffering alone somewhere? The thoughts had barely formed in my head when I sprang up and ran out of the room, ignoring the fact that I wasn’t wearing any shoes nor decent clothes..
I just wanted to make sure he was safe.
I rushed down the stairs hoping and praying that I was just being paranoid and he was fine. My heart almost stopped in my chest when I got to the base of the stairs and he was there in the living room, watching TV on mute while sipping on a glass of whiskey.
My knees gave out beneath me and I fell to the ground in relief. The sound seemed to jolt him out of whatever reverie he was in and he rushed to where I was.
“Fuck! Lola, baby, what’s wrong? What happened?” He asked rapidly as he held me to his chest like I was going to break anytime soon.
I heard a sound that seemed like someone was sobbing and it registered that I was the one crying. “Hey, what happened? Please, talk to me baby. I’m right here for you”, he pleaded.
He’s here. He’s here. That same word kept ringing in my head and I hung on to him for dear life. “It’s okay, my Queen. It’s okay I promise”, he kept repeating till I calmed down.
“What happened? Did you have a bad dream?” He asked me after I had calmed down and I shook my head. “You scared me, baby. What happened to you?” He gently probed me.
“You were not there when I woke up and the whole house was silent. I couldn’t hear anything either, so I got scared. I thought you left me all alone, I thought you had been taken away from me”, I said and fresh tears ran down my cheeks.
No one will ever take him away from me, not even the moon goddess.
“I had to talk to Nathan about something and I did not want to wake you up. He just left a while ago so I decided to have a drink before coming back to bed”, he explained and I calmed down a bit.
I should have calmed down. The paranoia I felt dimmed all of my senses and I couldn’t hear his heartbeat nor properly smell him. I took a deep breath and his scent filled the entirety of my being, calming me down.
“I’m sorry I scared you. I’m never leaving you, I promise”, he reassured me and I nodded. I was about to open my mouth when my stomach growled loudly, making me cover my face in embarrassment.
Adrian laughed loudly and I hit his chest. “Looks like your stomach is trying to eat itself, let’s get you fed, okay?” He said before standing up with me in his arms like I weigh nothing at all.
It wasn’t until I was in his arms that I realised how underdressed I was and I started shivering. “Are you cold?” He asked and I nodded my head.
“What were you thinking coming downstairs like this?” He looked at my feet, “and without slippers too?” I just batted my eyelashes at him.
In my defence, I wasn’t thinking. I just wanted to find my mate. “I’m sorry”, I whispered softly and held onto his shirt, feeling his body heat against mine.
He set me on one of the kitchen stools and removed his shirt. He placed the shirt on my lap before placing a kiss on my forehead.
“You’re so silly sometimes but I love you either way “, he said as he lifted his lips from my forehead and I glared at him.
“I am not silly, silly”, I hmphed and crossed my hands over my chest like a petulant child. “Yeah, yeah. Just sit down and look pretty while I whip something up for us”, he patted my head and I made to slap his hands away from my head but his reflexes were faster.
He made his way around the counter and started bringing out ingredients to make something for us. “What are you making?” I asked to fill in the silence. “Why don’t you watch and see, you curious thing”, he replied to me with a smile.
I rolled my eyes at him before making myself comfortable watching him.
He moved around with the grace of a cat. His muscles contract nicely everytime he moves them. Even though I just had him that afternoon, I could feel myself getting turned on by seeing him do such tasks.
What is wrong with me
“Our mate looks so hot right now “, Jasmine said in my head, “I want to jump his bone”, she squealed excitedly, making me chuckle.
“What’s so funny, baby?” He asked me and I shrugged. “You know I can hear you right?” He pointed to his head and I immediately put my block up.
I shouldn’t be so careless around him, not in crucial times like this. We could have talked about what the moon goddess said and he would have caught on. I can’t have anyone interfere with my plans.
Soon, he finished cooking and served me food. It smelled heavenly and even tasted better. He watched me while I ate. I even offered him some of my food but he refused and made sure I ate everything he put on my plate.
After being stuffed to the point of not being able to move, he cleared my plate and cleaned up. Rose doesn’t like a dirty kitchen and she’ll be pissed if she finds her kitchen in a mess the next day.
I offered to help him but he gave me a glare that had me glued to my seat.
A thought suddenly occurred to me. “Are we still going on a date tomorrow?” I asked him and he nodded his head. “Of course we’re going. I will never pass up a chance to spend time with you”, he replied with a smile that made my heart race.
Tomorrow then, I’ll start putting my plans into action.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 153
Lola’s POV
The whole night, I barely got any sleep. My brain was in overdrive and all I kept thinking about was how to get over this phase as quickly as possible.
As much as I wanted the war to be over and done with because it will mean peace and safety for everyone else, it will mean my end.
“Why are you wide awake?” Adrian asked in his sexy, sleepy voice. “Why are you awake also?” I asked him back to deviate from the fact that I wasn’t getting any sleep and he caught me.
“Your steady heartbeat calms me down and helps me to sleep well but you seem worried about something. It’s been beating wildly and pulling me out of my sleep”, he said and my mouth opened in a silent ‘o’.
“I definitely wasn’t expecting that answer”, I mumbled and he pulled me close to his chest. “I like to surprise you”, he said with a kiss to my forehead, making me blush slightly.
“So, tell me. Tell me what has been worrying you. I’ve noticed that you’ve been acting weird since yesterday morning “, he said with a hurt voice and I felt bad.
I opened my mouth to refute his claims but he put his fingers to my lips. “I want the truth baby. Please, don’t lie to me”, he pleaded, his tone and eyes begging me to say the truth.
My lungs closed in panic and tears sprang to my eyes. I couldn’t tell him what was going on with me. He can’t know what the outcome of the war will be, he will make sure that my life is replaced by his.
“Did I upset you?” He asked worriedly and I shook my head with a watery smile. “No, no you did not upset me. I just feel selfish for making you worry about me”.
“It’s the oncoming war that has me jittery and worried. I’m scared Adrian”, I whispered to him. “What if I fail? What if everyone ends up dead and I’m left all alone in this world again?” I said weakly.
“I have nightmares about everyone getting wiped out. I’m scared. I’m really scared”, I bunched his shirt in my hands as I whispered that last part.
“We’re going to win this war, my Queen”, Adrian said with a determination that had me worried.
Did the moon goddess tell him that his life will be taken in exchange too? Did he agree to it? Why is he so sure that we’ll win? A thousand and ten questions ran through my head and I lost track of what he said.
“……and you’ll never be alone in this world”, the last part was what I caught on to. “How are you so sure? Did the moon goddess tell you something when she came to you?” I asked, curiosity getting the best of me.
“She told me I had to trust you and everything will be fine”, he said sincerely and a tear rolled down my cheek. I was relieved at the fact that he’s safe but that also meant my fate was sealed in stone and there was no getting out of it..
A win is a win, right?
“That’s a relief, I guess”, I said with a smile that I hope doesn’t seem fake to him. “I believe in you, baby”, he pulled me closer to him and placed a kiss on my forehead, “You’re going to do very well, I just know”, he said with so much certainty, it made my heart hurt.
But I’m not going to make it out of it alive, I wanted to scream out but I held onto his shirt instead.
“I have a surprise planned for you on our date today”, he said after a while. I pulled back to look at his face and he had a big grin on his face, making me smile in return.
“What’s that?” I asked him but he shook his head. “Now, now. It won’t be a surprise if I spill what it is about, will it?” He asked and I pouted.
“Why did you tell me then?” I asked with a frown and he laughed, his body shaking and muscles contracting nicely. “Just because”, he replied and I punched him lightly on his shoulder.
“Ha, that hurts”, he held his shoulder and his face contorted in pain, making me panic. “I’m so sorry “, I repeated over and over as I stood up and frantically checked him over.
“I swear I didn’t use much of my energy. I was just playing with you. I didn’t mean hurt you, I promise”, I rambled as I touched his shoulder and tried to heal him with my powers.
“If you were going to worry, why did you hit me in the first place?” He asked. I looked at his face and that was when it occurred to me that he was faking it.
“You lied to me”, I glared at him and he shrugged before he started laughing. “You can’t do that to me. I was sincerely worried that I hurt you”, I said to him with my hands crossed over my shoulder in anger.
Yes, I should have noticed that he was faking it bit everything has me on edge nowadays and I just can’t help being overly sensitive when it comes to him. 1
He tried to hold me but I moved away from his touch. “Oh, come on. I was just joking with you”, he said with a pout and I couldn’t help the small smile that graced my face.
When he acts cute like that, I can’t even stay mad at him. I allowed myself to be pulled to his chest and snuggled against him. “It’s 2 am already. Let’s get some shut eye, I have a lot prepared for you today and you’ll need your energy for it”, he said, his sexy voice sending tingles to my spine.
I couldn’t help but think of other things that needed ny energy. 1
“Get your mind out of that dirty place and sleep if you don’t want us to cancel our plans today. I promise that you won’t be able to walk if I take you on what you’re thinking”, his voice rang in my head and I clenched my thighs.
“That sounds very promising”, I replied to him, hoping he’ll change my mind and take me as promised but he just shook his head with laughter rumbling in his chest.
“Get some sleep and I might reward you if you are a good girl”, he whispered into my ears. I did not need more convincing to close my eyes and let myself be pulled into the world of unconsciousness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 154
Lola’s POV
That smells so fucking good, I should grab it, was the thought that woke me up. My eyes were still closed but the heavenly smell refuses to go, so I thought I was in a dream.
I thought it was still a dream and pinched myself. Pain exploded on my arm and that brought me to complete consciousness.
Firm,strong hands held mine and gently rubbed where the pain came from. I opened my eyes and was met with my mate’s discolored ones.
“Why did you hurt yourself? Another nightmare?” He asked and I shook my head. “I smelled something heavenly but I thought I was still in a dream, so I pinched myself to be sure”, I said sheepishly.
“You’re so cute”, he tapped my nose before pointing towards the tray that was at the other side of the bed, “I brought you breakfast in bed”.
The tray had a lot of food in it. From toast bread to bacon to eggs, there was coffee too and a lot of fruits. Tears sprung to my eyes and I honestly had no idea why. I sniffled and he looked at me in worry.
“Did I do anything wrong?” He asked worriedly. “Is there something you’ll like me to change? Tell me, I’ll do anything you want me to do, I promise”, he said and I laughed through my tears.
“No, no”, I said as I laughed, “you didn’t do anything wrong”. I held his chin in my hands and placed a kiss on his jaw. “I’m so happy you did all of these for me. You’re a very amazing mate, you know that?” I asked him before kissing him.
After pulling back from the kiss, he placed his forehead against mine.
“Since when have you been awake? That platter looks like it took a lot of time”, I said after a moment of silence. He pulled back from me and brought the tray closer to me.
My mouth watered at seeing the tray closely and I picked toast bread, taking a bite before he could answer my question. The flavors burst on my tongue and I moaned a little.
“You seem to forget that we have to go out today”, his voice dropped and became huskier, making me stop what I was eating. “I’m sorry”, I said sheepishly.
“I had some help from Mom”, he said and I was confused. “What?”
“You asked me how I was able to whip up all of these”, he said and I nodded. “Talking of that, how’s Rose? She must be angry at me for leaving abruptly yesterday”, I said as I picked up a fruit and bit into it.
“More like she was worried about you. You said you had a headache and that was why you left yesterday”, he said, making me blush. “I wonder why I had to lie”, I retorted.
“Just eat. We have a long day ahead of us”, he placed a kiss on my forehead and stood to leave the room. I placed my tray aside and made to stand up from the bed but he held me by my shoulder.
“Where do you think you’re going, baby?” He asked with a frown and I rubbed the back of my neck. How do I explain that I do not want to let him out of my sight? My brain automatically instructed me to follow him, I did not even think about it.
“I thought you wanted to go and eat without me”, I lied, hoping that he did not see past my lies. When he did not say anything and kept looking at me, I let out a nervous laugh.
“I should have asked you if you’ve eaten, my bad. Have you eaten?” I asked with a shaky smile. “Yes, I have. Now finish your food, wash up, dress up and be ready in an hour”, he said with a tone that left no room for argument.
I ate as much as my stomach could take and went to take a hot shower. With one decision in mind, I made sure I shaved my legs and important parts of my body.
“You did not care about all of these yesterday when you seduced him”, Jasmine teased me. “Today is a very special day so shut it”, I replied to her.
“You won’t even be in your human form for this”, she reminded me but my heart was already set on what I wanted to do. ” Mind your own business”, I huffed and continued what I was doing.
“Bitch, your business is my business”, she snickered and I just ignored her. Fucking busybody werewolf.
“Hey, I can hear you”, she said like she was offended and I mentally poked my tongue at her, shutting her up successfully.
After taking my bath, I towel dried my hair and left it to dry before walking into the closet to pick something to wear. Nothing of mine seemed to be right for the occasion and I almost gave up and wore anything before an idea popped into my head.
I went to Adrian’s side of the closet and picked one out of his numerous shirts. I put it on and I was dwarfed by it. I remembered a brown corset top that I had lying around in my closet and paired it with it.
I rolled up the sleeves and held it with his cufflinks. Something felt amiss so I unbuttoned two buttons of his shirt to show a little bit of cleavage, just enough to make him drool.
I took out my brown knee boot that matched the corset I had on and I totally loved what I was seeing. I curled my hair to give it a wavy look, applied some mascara, a little bit of eyeshadow to make my eyes pop and finished off the look with a nude lip gloss. 1
I smiled at myself in the mirror and twirled happily, ready to go on our date. Just then, I heard the door open and strong, steady footsteps that I’d know anywhere came closer to the closet.
I turned and faced the door just as he entered the closet and his eyes found me.
“You’re ready. I came to get a shirt, I did not know………”, the words died in his mouth as he took in my outfit. He swallowed and his eyes became a tad darker.
“Is that my shirt?” He asked huskily and I nodded my head with a giggle. “You like?”
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 155
Adrian’s POV
“You like it?”
Fuck me if I don’t love what I saw in front of me as I entered the closet to pick a shirt. I knew she was in there before I entered because her sweet smell was all over the place.
I saw that she was already dressed but I didn’t pay attention to the details since I was so focused on getting my shirt and getting out. I didn’t want to be distracted by her in any way.
That plan went down the drain when I saw that she was wearing my shirt and she looked so fucking good in it, sending all the blood in my body to my dick.
My words died on my tongue and my feet moved on their own accord towards her. I held her by her waist and pulled her to me, breathing her heavenly scent in.
Her hands went around my neck and she smiled brightly at me, melting my insides. “You still haven’t answered my question”, she looked into my eyes expectantly as she spoke.
“If my reaction isn’t answer enough, I don’t think my words will be enough”, I said before kissing her nose. She scrunched her nose, adding to her cuteness.
“I still want to hear it”, she grinned up at me, earning a soft chuckle from me. “I fucking love everything about you, my Queen. Even if you wore a potato sack, you’ll still look drop dead gorgeous”, I said and she became red.
“You’re just saying that because I’m your mate”, she muttered and I shook my head in laughter. A woman will surely act like a woman, no matter the age. Luckily, I saw mom use that trick a lot on dad while he was still alive.
“You’re the most beautiful woman alive, mate or not. I’m just glad the moon goddess paired me with the best mate”, I told her and she blushed harder.
Thank goddess for the love between my parents, I was able to pick up one or two. Not that I was lying about any of the things I said.
“I thought you came in to pick a shirt”, she reminded me and I face palmed. “I wonder who distracted me”, I glared at her jokingly, making her giggle with one of her hands over her mouth.
“Would you like me to help you pick out something?”, she asked and I shook my head, earning an eye roll from her. I pulled away from her, ignoring the way she almost panicked but controlled herself.
“Nah, I can do that myself. Mom wants to see you downstairs by the way”, she nodded and seemed to hesitate before placing a soft kiss on my cheeks and going downstairs to see Mom.
“Why did you lie to her?” Daxon asked through our mindlink and I sighed. “First off, you saw how hot she looks. My patience was running thin and we might not go on our date if she stayed longer than that”, I replied to him with a groan, trying to adjust my hardened dick in my pants.
“And secondly?” He asked. “Mom actually asked about her. She did not just CALL for her like I insinuated, so technically, I didn’t lie”, I replied to him and he tsked.
I picked a shirt and my keys before making my way downstairs. I heard Mom and Lola talking in a hushed tone but I couldn’t make out what they were saying. They stopped conversing when I walked into the living room and Lola had a mischievous look in her eyes and Mom looked at me like she was onto something.
“Why do I feel like I walked into a trap?” I asked cautiously but they both burst out laughing, making me more wary than I was already.
Lola stood up and gave Mom a kiss on both of her cheeks. “I’ll see you when we get back, Rose. You take care of yourself while I’m out and you can always call me if you need anything”, she said before adding, “I’ll appreciate it if you don’t call me while I’m out today though”, she said and mom laughed at her before shaking her head.
“Go out and have fun, my babies”, Mom said. “Don’t worry about me and make the most of today”, she said before shooing us out of the house.
“Shall we?” I reached for her hand and she happily her hands in mine. I led her to my car and made her sit before going to my side of the car. 1
I entered and she grinned at me happily. That was the happiest I’ve seen her since she got back to the pack and I plan to keep that happiness permanent, no matter what.
“Why do I still feel like she’s hiding something from us?” Daxon asked in my head I mentally shrugged. If I can’t make her open up to me completely, I can manage to make her happy for as long as possible.
“So where are we going?” Her voice brought me out of my thoughts and I turned to her with a smile. “Wouldn’t you like to know?” I tapped her nose with a smile and she swatted my hands away, making me laugh. She’s too cute for her own good.
“That’s why I asked, durhhh”, she rolled her eyes at me before crossing her hands over her chest with fake anger. “You just have to wait and see, baby. Now, use your seat belt and we’ll be on our way”. 1
As soon as her anger came, it vanished and she started chattering happily soon. The short car ride was a torture for me because my shirt kept riding up her thighs and he milky skin called out to me.
To be touched, to be marked, to make sure that no one else ever touches what is mine.
“Ouuuuuuu, we’re going to our spot”, she clapped excitedly when I stopped the car at the entrance of the pathway leading to our spot.
“You made it seem like a big deal though”, she turned to me as she spoke, “I even dressed up for this”, she motioned to her body with her hands.
“And I promised you that I will make this one a memorable one for you, didn’t I?” I asked her and she tentatively nodded her head like she was trying to figure out what was going through my head.
“Fine, I believe you”, she said and I gave her a soft smile. I got out of my car and went around the car to open hers.
Here goes nothing.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 156
Lola’s POV
“Are we not there yet?” I whined for the fifth time and heard my mate sigh beside me. I know we’ll get to where the lake is soon but something in me wants to stress him for no reason. 1
I wanted to behave like the couples I watched in the movies Lyla made us watch during girl’s night out. Where the girls just annoy their partner for no reason and they still get pampered.
“I guess you’re living your dream after all”, Jasmine snickered in my head, making me roll her eyes at her. “Or you’re just jealous that it’s not you that’s being showered with love and attention”, I jabbed at her and she scoffed.
“Bitch please. I’m you, you’re me. We’re one, durhhhh. If you’re being showered with love attention, I am too, dumbass”, she retorted but I wasn’t going to go down without a fight.
“Last time I checked, you’re a wolf and I’m the pretty human that is always pampered”, I stuck out my tongue at her and she just clicked hers.
The fact remains that I won.
“How much longer?” I asked again but he ignored me as usual. “If I had known we would be going into the woods, I would have worn something more suitable for walking”, I started complaining but he moved on like he did not hear what I was saying.
“My legs hurt in these boots and I feel like something is going to crawl into my shirt”, I was still talking but he cut me off.” You mean my shirt?” He asked with a raised eyebrow but I decided to be petty and ignore him like he’s been ignoring me too.
“I feel like something is going to crawl under MY shirt. Twigs might get lodged into my hair. It took me almost an hour to get this look and you are almost ruining it…..”.
He must have been tired of listening to me complain because he swept me off my feet bridal style and carried me like I weigh nothing.
“You….you……what are you d….doi….doing? I…..I can walk by myself perfectly fine”, I managed to get out through my stutter. 1 “I believe you were complaining about your feet hurting from the moment we started on this pathway. Just relax and let me do this for you okay?” He said and continued walking.
I fixed my gaze on jaw and beautiful side profile, drinking in his gorgeousness. I’m one lucky girl, I thought to myself and snuggled into his chest. His chest vibrated with laughter, making me smile.
My breath caught in my throat when the lake came into view. He gently dropped me and my feet moved on their own accord towards the setting in front of me.
I heard a gasp and it took me a while to realize that the sound came from me. I was so mesmerized by what was in front of me that I did not know when Adrian reached my back and he wrapped his arms around me.
“You like what you see?” He asked me and I nodded my head in a daze. I was touched by all I saw and even wondered how he managed to get it all done. 1
“Since when did you plan this? You’ve been waiting for me to ask you on a date before?” I turned around in his arms and wrapped my arms around his neck.
“I would make anything happen for you, baby. All you have to do is say the word”, he kissed my forehead gently but I pulled him in for a kiss after he pulled away.
I meant it to be a soft and quick kiss but it quickly escalated when he nibbled softly on my lips and my self control went with the wind. I plunged my tongue into his mouth and he returned the kiss with the same fervor.
Our tongues fought for dominance which I lost to him. It wasn’t until I felt like I was going to die if I didn’t breathe that I pulled back from the kiss. He squealed my ass cheeks softly, making me gasp softly. 1
“Thank you so much, Adrian”, I whispered while he just nodded with so much love and admiration in his eyes.
I turned around to really take in the view. One side of the lake had a table set for two. The sweet smell of varieties of food was evident in the air and I smiled like an idiot.
The other side had an open tent set up. From where I stood, I could see the bed setup with flowers and candles, even though the candles were not lit yet.
“Candles? It’s day time”, I questioned him but he shrugged with a mischievous smile on his face. Good to know I’m not the only one that had a motive.
I shook my head at him and made my way to the table that was set up. On getting closer, I saw that flower petals were scattered around the table too.
He pulled out a chair for me and made me seat before disappearing into the tent. Before I could blink, our table was already filled with a lot of food, from appetizers to main dishes to a delicious looking chocolate cake that he refused to allow me take a bite from.
I told him that a little sugar never hurt anyone but he still refused. All my anger vanished when I took the first bite from the food laid before us. 1
“Oh my goddess, this is so goooooood”, I sighed dreamily, making him laugh. A sound that I wanted to record so that I could listen to it forever.
The rest of the date was fun. We talked about random things and laughed at every and any silly thing we could think of.
It was everything I wanted and more. My mind was off the war that was looming ahead the whole time. I felt so happy and on top of the world inside the bubble we created for ourselves.
I only got one thing out of the whole date though. I’d never lose any of them to the enemy. Over my dead body.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 157
Lola’s POV
The sun was setting nicely and I was still having the best time of my life just sitting in my mate’s presence. I refrained from having any bad thoughts and we just relaxed.
We finished eating a while ago but he refused to bring out the dessert, claiming it was a surprise and I was going to love it so much. 1
While I might have thrown a tantrum on the outside, I was relieved on the inside because I was so full, I could burst if I had anything to eat.
“Are you not cold?” Adrian asked as he gently rubbed thumb across the skin of my palm. “Yeah, a little”, I answered him and shivered again.
It was already getting chilly by the lakeside since the sun was setting. And my clothes were not suitable for that kind of weather, so I was cold but I thought I was hiding it well. He must have noticed.
“Come on then”, he stood up and waited for me to stand before he held my hand in his and led me towards the tent. I was led towards the bed and I expected him to stay with me but he said he’d be right back.
I had the urge to follow him and make sure that he wasn’t leaving me but I refrained from doing such. Get a grip, Lola, I told myself and gave him a tight smile as he left the tent again.
It was a little bit darker in the tent than it was outside and I resisted the urge to bite my nail due to the anxiety growing in my chest.
I heard movements outside and stilled. It still seemed faraway so I tried to stop breathing and listened carefully. I breathed a sigh of relief when I smelled Adrian.
I went outside to meet him and saw that he was carrying a lot of things. I helped him to bring some inside and stood with my hands on my waist.
“I could have helped you with this when we were coming, you know?” I told him and he nodded with a smile. “Yes, I do”, he replied.
“Then why did you not mention anything about it?” I asked, my hands still on my waist while glaring at him.
“First of all, it would have ruined the surprise”, he stood up slowly and faced me with a mischievous glint in his eyes. “Sur…….. sur…..surprise?” I stuttered, my former position long forgotten.
There was something in his eyes that screamed predator and I was evidently the prey. “andYes, surprise”, he affirmed and took a step towards me, while I took two steps back.
“You were whining the whole way here, which I’m sure would have worsened if you had to carry anything. That is another reason”, he said calmly but the tone underlying his words promised punishment I was strangely ready to be punished. What is wrong with me
I was so disoriented and turned on that I did not see that he was already in front of me. His arms snaked around my waist and he grinned like a Cheshire cat.
“If you had something in your hands, would you have been able to wrap your hands around my neck and do this?” He asked just before our lips met.
I wrapped my hands around his neck like I did when we first reached the lakeside and kissed him passionately. He returned my kiss with the same feverish energy.
“Jump”, he said between kisses and I obeyed. I jumped and wrapped my legs around his waist, rubbing my barely clothed pussy over his engorged member.
“Fuckkkkkk”, I moaned, at the same he groaned in pleasure. “How do I take this off?” He asked breathily and I was confused about what he was saying until I felt him tugging on my corset top.
“Allow me to help you”, I giggled and he sighed in frustration, “put me down”. He dropped me gently and I removed my top, leaving me in his shirt alone.
He gave me a once over and his eyes darkened even more that they already were. “You’re so fucking beautiful. Beautifully mine and mine alone”, he whispered as he dragged his fingertips across my jaw and neckline, his fingers leaving a trail of heat in their wake.
Without any warning, he ripped his shirt open, sending buttons flying in every direction and I gasped, both in pleasure and in shock.
He pulled the shirt off my body and discarded it somewhere in the room. I expected him to touch me in one way or the other but he just stepped back and looked at me with lust filled eyes.
I was left in my thong and knee boot and I felt so exposed. I tried to cover my breast with my hands but he growled in warning and I dropped my hands. 1
“Uhm…..may I ask what you’re doing?” I asked in a small voice since he kept circling me like a predator without touching me.
“I don’t remember asking you to speak”, he said as he trailed his hands across my collarbone before choking me slightly. My nipples hardened painfully at that gesture, making him chuckle lightly. The sound went straight to my core and I clenched my thighs.
“Stay right here” he whispered in my ear before dropping her a quick kiss on my cheeks. I released a breath I did not know I was holding as he pulled back from me.
“So who’s the horny bitch now?” Jasmine said in my head and I mentally gave her a death glare. To distract myself from the urge to touch myself at the sensation running through my body, I decided to engage in a conversation with her.
“Do I smell jealousy?” I teased her and she scoffed. “Puh-lease, why will I be jealous of being teased by an extremely sexy man that is currently lighting the candles and setting out strawberries dipped in chocolate?”
I looked towards Adrian and he was really setting all these things out. His muscles rippled beneath his shirt and the emotions
I suppressed rushed to the surface. That man makes the simplest of things sexy, I swear to the moon goddess.
“I’m so fucking jealous”, Jasmine whined in my head, “I’ll do anything to be in your place, I’m not even kidding”, she said and I burst out laughing.
“Is something funny, baby?” Adrian asked and I looked at him, only for my breath to catch in my throat.
Fuck me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 158
Lola’s POV
He was stark naked. Adrian was stark naked and the blaze in his eyes had me rooted to a spot. It was supposed to be a romantic dinner, tell me why I felt like I unleashed a beast.
“This is so romantic. I love the candles and the atmosphere feels so good. We should go out for a walk”, I rambled.
Adrian said “really” at the same time Jasmine said “that was a lame move”. I became crimson red and wished the floor would swallow me.
Adrian laughed and I hid my face in my palms. “Why are you being so fidgety?” Adrian asked and I peeped at him from the hole between my fingers.
I have no idea why I was being fidgety to be honest. I wanted him but something about his aura right then felt like I was about to be preyed upon, which I like but something feels weird.
“He’s always pampered you during sex. He was always doing what you wanted too. Seeing this side to him must be confusing”, Jasmine analyzed in my head and I agreed with her.
“So, you don’t like this side of me?” He asked while he pinned me with a piercing gaze.
“Uhm……uh……I…..I…..I….uhmmm”, I took a deep breath before I spoke again. “You’re frying my brain. Let’s do this instead of punishing me this way. I can’t even think straight”, I rushed out and breathed a sigh of relief once it was out of my lungs.
“Get on the bed, baby”, he spoke after a long moment of silence and I heeded without questioning anything. I sat at the edge of the bed but he shook his head and clicked his tongue.
“Lay on your back and spread your legs”, he commanded and I laid down. The heels of my boots were planted at the edge of the bed and I felt so exposed, save the flimsy panties I had on.
I was so turned on that my body felt feverish to touch. The temperature in the room was incredibly high despite the coolness of the night.
I heard things being shuffled around but they were all background noises. My heartbeat was so loud, it was the only thing I could hear. My blood pumped through my body at the speed of light.
I closed my eyes and tried to rub my thighs against each other to get a little relieve from the growing ache between my legs. Thinking that Adrian was still busy to attend to me, I grabbed my breasts with both hands and lightly pinched my nipples, sending bouts of pleasure down to my aching pussy.
I almost let out a moan but I caught myself at the last moment and bit my lips to prevent the sound from escaping and drawing Adrian’s attention to me.
I teased my nipples for a while before I slowly trailed my hand down my body while the other hand continued to fondle my breast.
I was almost at the place where I needed to be touched the most when my wrist was held in warm, mighty palm. My eyes shot open and stared into his mismatched ones.
“You’re being very naughty. I told you to lay down, not pleasure yourself “, he lightly growled and my breathing got faster. “Please, Adrian. Just do something. Anything at all”, I begged, my voice shaking. “Something?” He asked and I nodded eagerly. He cooked his head to the side like he was contemplating what I said and I waited with bated breath.
“Nah, you haven’t earned it. You’ve been naughty all day and it doesn’t sit well with me”, he said before holding his engorged dick in his hands and stroking it gently.
That’s so unfair. Why does he get to touch himself but I can’t? I opened my mouth to say something about it but the smirk on his face discouraged me. It was like he was waiting for me to say something about it so that he could punish me more.
“Got nothing to say?” He taunted and I almost screamed from all the emotions running through my veins. “Adrian please”, I begged.
“Fuck”, he cursed before leaning in front of me. He pulled me by my ass to the edge of the bed and I automatically placed my legs on his shoulder.
I expected him to eat me up like he normally would but I felt something cold on my pussy instead. The contrast in the temperature of my body and the cold sticky substance currently stimulating my clit threw me into throes of pleasure.
I lost my hold on reality and felt my soul leaving my body when my orgasm hit me like a truck of bricks. I screamed loudly and came violently against thin air.
I had barely recovered when his tongue attacked my pussy again. I writhed and tried to escape from his oh so amazing attack but he held me firmly in place, leaving me with no options but to enjoy all what he was doing to my body.
“Yessssss…….yesssss…….please, Adrian…..oh my goddesss….oh my fucking go……haaaaaaa…….that feels so good”, I moaned
uncontrollably.
He sucked my clit into his mouth while his fingers plunged into me mercilessly. Every now and then, the cold sticky liquid which turned out to be melted chocolate was reapplied to my clit while he sucked it off like he was starved. 1
Just when I was about to orgasm, he pulled away from me making me whine in protest.
“Why did you stop?” I whined and he chuckled before applying the the melted chocolate to my nipples and navel. He licked his way up, paying extra attention to my aching nipples.
When he kissed me, I hungrily kissed him back like he was the oxygen I needed to breathe. Without giving any warning, he entered me in one long thrust.
He pulled back from the kiss and pounded me like it was the last time we’d be having sex. Very soon, my orgasm hit me and I surrendered myself to it.
Adrian’s thrust got sloppy and he released inside me afterwards. He pulled out and laid beside me, holding me close to his chest while we tried to regain our breathing.
“You want to go again?” I asked him and he looked at me like I had grown another head. “Are you for real? I mean, I don’t mind but will you be okay?” He asked with concern and I chuckled tiredly against him.
“That question should be for Jasmine”, I said and he looked at me confused. “We’re going to mate in our wolf forms”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 159
Adrian’s POV
“You want us to mate in our wolf forms?” I asked her to be sure she wasn’t hallucinating because she was feeling tired and maybe high from our concluded session.
“Yes, I’m very sure. I’m sure Daxon wouldn’t mind mating fully with his mate either”, she said tiredly. “No, no, we can’t do that”, I gently removed myself from her and paced the length of the room.
She sat up with a look of hurt on her face and tears formed in her eyes. “Adrian”, she said gently but I wasn’t having any of it.
“No, no, Lola. We can’t mate in our wolf form, I’ll never allow that. You can’t want that for us. Do you even know what the consequences are?” I asked her partly in fear and in anger.
“How can she try to do this to us?” Daxon growled lightly in my head, mirroring the way I felt too. Unable to think properly, I hurriedly put on my shorts and went out into the cold night, disregarding the bone freezing temperatures outside. The turmoil inside my heart right then weighed more than whatever nature decided to do.
I contemplated running off in my wolf form but I couldn’t leave her all by herself and it might take a while for me to return back. I stood by the lakeside and looked up to the moon, silently questioning the moon goddess.
Why can’t I have a normal relationship with my mate like every other wolf? Why does it always boil down to making decisions between life and death? I screamed into the night and kicked the sand beneath my feet as I breathed heavily.
I smelled her before I heard her and took deep breaths to calm myself down. I already fucked up royally by running out on her, I can’t afford to make more mistakes that will make her unhappy.
She wrapped her dainty hands around my stomach and I heard her sniffling which broke my heart. I didn’t mean to make her cry.
I’m such a stupid idiot. I should have at least listened to her before acting like a psycho and running off on her. I placed my hands on hers and turned around to face her.
She refused to look up at me and wrapped her hands tightly around my midriff, sobbing quietly. We stood like that for a while, I rubbed her back while she silently cried, breaking my heart into a million pieces.
“Should we just give in to what she wants?” Daxon asked in my head and I sighed. “You know we can’t, we can’t do that bud”, I replied to him.
“I’m so sorry, Adrian”, she finally spoke after a while. “No, I should have listened to you. I overreacted, I’m sorry. I just don’t like the idea of our wolves mating. It seals a lot of things, a lot of things that I can’t put you through”, I whispered but I knew that she heard me.
She shivered and that was when I saw that she was just my thin t-shirt. I carried her bridal style and went back to the tent. The walk back was awkward because I did not know what to say to diffuse the tension. I don’t think she had anything to say either.
After we entered the tent, she was still shivering, so I got up to turn on the heater. I was half expecting her to say something like she had been doing the whole night but she remained quiet. I sat down beside her and held her hands while the silence stretched on for miles between us.
“Why?” she asked softly and I sighed. “Because I can’t put you in that type of situation”, she raised her head, looking at me with questions in her eyes and my breath caught in my throat.
Her eyes were puffy and her nose a darker shade from her face, which meant it was red from all the crying she had done. “You don’t know the circumstances surrounding it, do you?” I asked her and she shook her head. “Why the fuck does she want to mate when she doesn’t even know how it works?” Daxon growled in my head and I had to take deep breaths to calm myself down and not shout at her again.
“Why do you want Jasmine and Daxon to mate then?” I asked her with contained rage and what I hoped was a gentle voice and she shook her head.
“I want to know, Lola. Talk to me”, I tried to make her look into my eyes but she refused. “Lola, I need to know who is putting this idea into your head “, I said sternly but she still refused to look at me.
“For the moon’s sake, who was it?” I was already raising my voice at this point but I couldn’t care less. I needed to know who gave her that idea. The person could be another person trying to ruin both of us at once.
“Who was it, Lola? Mom?” She shook her head, “Lyla?” She shook her head. “Damon? Alysia?” She shook her head while her lower lip trembled slightly. “Fay?” I asked and she looked at me with anger in her eyes.
“How can you even ask if she’s the one?” She spat at me. “Heck, she risked her life to allow me to escape. She might be dead because she wanted me to come back to you and you dare to question her?” She screamed at me.
My anger flared up at her words and I just spoke without thinking. “Why won’t I suspect her You’ve been fucking weird since you got back. I tried my best to know what is going on with you but you keep avoiding me”.
“You’re my mate for the moon’s sake, you’re supposed to share your problems with me. Now, you’re asking for this ridiculous thing and you just expect me to agree to whatever you ask for? Without knowing what the consequences might be or if I might be okay with it?” I raised my voice at her.
“Why the fuck does that even matter? What is the stupid consequence that comes with our wolf mating? Why are you making a fucking big deal out of it?” She screamed at me also.
“Because if one of us dies, the other will follow soon after. That’s why. I bet you didn’t even know that “‘, I said gently, rubbing the bridge of my nose and she became quiet.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 160
Lola’s POV
I couldn’t believe my ears and looked at Adrian in disbelief. Could it be that he mistook it for something else. “What do you mean by that? I’m sure you must be mistaken, there can’t be such consequences ” I said as I shook my head in disbelief.
“That’s why I’m asking you who gave you such an idea, Lola”, Adrian said angrily and I took a step back from him. “I want to go home”, I whispered.
“Are you for real now?” He asked in disbelief and I nodded my head. “Yes, I want to go home now. Please “, I added the latter as a broken whisper and he did not say another word before going to a corner of the tent to bring out new set of clothes for us.
He gave me a sweatshirt and short that smelled like him with a simple “put this on”. I reluctantly took them from him and slowly changed into the clothes he gave me.
I wasn’t expecting such a twist”, Jasmine said. “Why did Selene ask us to mate in our wolves form if it has such consequences?” She asked again but kept quiet when I had no answer for her.
“We’re leaving now”, Adrian announced and took the lead while I followed behind him. He was cold and obviously hurt but I just couldn’t tell him that the moon goddesss told me to.
I needed to talk to Selene first.
“Wait”, I called out and he stopped in his tracks. “Are we just going to leave all of these here?” I asked and watched his shoulder drop in disappointment.
“I’ll take care of my own problems, Lola”, he said my name with an icy tone and it felt like my heart was being crushed in my chest.
“But we used it together, I should help you clean it up a bit”, I tried to argue. “The one thing I need help with, you refused me. Don’t act like you care”, and with that, he went out of the tent.
I clutched my chest and tried to breathe through my mouth. I was angry and hurt but my anger wasn’t directed towards Adrian. It was mostly at Selene for telling me to do something that could potentially ruin my relationship and at me for being a fucking coward and not being able to tell the truth to my mate.
I left the tent with my shoulder hunched and saw Adrian waiting outside. My heart soared with hope and I moved towards him. I felt like I had been punched in the guts when he turned and started walking back the way we came.
“At least, he cares enough to wait for us”, Jasmine said in a sad voice and I sighed. It was meant to be a perfect night and I ruined it.
I tried to reach him through our mindlimk but he had it put up. I contemplated faking a fall but stopped at the last moment. That wouldn’t be fair to him and I already did enough for tonight.
I wasn’t expecting Rose to be awake by the time we got back to the house, but there she was, wide awake and excited when I walked in through the door.
Her smile vanished when she saw the look on my face and I almost burst into tears there and then. Adrian went upstairs without acknowledging anyone and Rose looked between the stairs and I before walking towards me.
“Pumpkin, how was your date? Why are you back so late? Adrian told me to have the door open for you, I just decided to stay awake till you get back but everything doesn’t seem well between you. What happened, Lola?” She asked with concern evident
in her voice.
“I fucked up, Rose. Royally”, I said and hugged her before moving towards the stairs, unshed tears shining in my eyes. “We’ll talk about it well in the morning”.
She looked like she wanted to say something but decided against it before nodding and bading me goodnight.
I got to the room, thinking that he’ll be there and probably less angry but the room was empty. So was the closet and bathroom.
I sniffed the air and it led me to my former room. I tried to open the door but it was locked and that was my undoing. Tears cascaded down my cheeks rapidly and I held my chest from the force of the pain.
I knocked but there was no reply, yet I could hear his uneven breathing which indicated that he was still awake.
“Ad…..Adrian”, I called out but I was met with total silence. “Adrian, please. Can you at least answer me? Just talk to me, please” I pleaded at the door but still nothing.
“You can lash out at me all you want but this silence is killing me”, I managed to get out through my tears. “Please talk to me”.
I heard ruffling on the other side of the door and heard his footsteps coming towards the door. I was expecting him to open the door but he didn’t.
“My silence is killing you but you refused to answer my own questions? How is that fair?” He said, his voice breaking which indicated that he’s been crying making me cry harder.
“I can’t, Adrian. I really can’t. I just need you to trust me on this one”, I said hoping to convince him but it had the opposite effect.
“Trust? Did you just say trust?” He asked angrily before he opened the door. I paused at the sight of him and my tears flowed again.
His hair was ruffled like he ran his hands through it multiple times, his cheeks were stained with tears and his eyes looked so hurt.
I caused that.
I tried to touch his face but he pulled back from me, making my hands drop to my side.
“You don’t get to do that? I don’t think I want to be touched by a woman that doesn’t trust me enough to confide in me. You know I’ll burn the earth to the ground if you asked, Lola. Why are you making me feel like I never do enough or I’m not good enough for you?” He asked, pain evident in his voice and I cried harder than I already was, yet I refused to utter a word.
“I see that you’re not going to utter a word”, he sniffled and his eyes hardened. “I’m not having any conversation unless it will bring answers”. And with that he shut the door in my face.
I didn’t even bother to knock on the door anymore, it was obvious that only my answers would bring peace to our bond.
I staggered and made my way to our room. Without bothering to undress, I searched my soul for the thin thread that tethered me to Selene and tugged on it.
I did not manage to reach the bed before I was thrown into darkness and lost consciousness.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 161
Lola’s POV
I opened my eyes and sat up only to be met with Selene’s eyes. Anger and hurt surge through me and I stood up abruptly, wobbling when I became dizzy and unsteady on my feet.
“Calm down. Take it easy”, her angelic voice reached my ears and I saw red. “Take it easy?” Are you joking with me right now?” I asked her, channeling the anger I felt into my words.
“I never said it would be easy”, she said softly and I laughed. I laughed maniacally because that was the only thing I could do at that moment.
“I never said it was going to be easy either”, I spat. I didn’t care if she was the goddess of the moon or anything, she was playing with my life too much and I wasn’t going to stand for that.
What exactly do I plan to do? I have no idea.
“Have you not had enough fun with my life?” I asked softly, all fight draining from my body, slowly getting replaced by grief and hurt. “For 10 years, I was plunged into suffering for reasons unknown to me. The motherfucking bastard you paired me with at first made me run from my pack”, I said, tears streaming down my cheeks.
“You gave me a second chance that almost cost me my life, Selene. We fought against all odds and finally began to love each other and now you want to take me away from him”.
“I didn’t really care that I’ll be losing my life as long as everyone I love is saved but now, you’re dragging Adrian into it?” I asked, clutching my chest to relieve me of the pain that was coursing through it.
“He wouldn’t talk to me unless I gave him an answer”, I cried and fell back to the grass. “He believed that the person that gave the idea was trying to kill both of us at once”.
I sobbed and buried my face in my hands as I cried harder. The pain was unbearable for me and it seems like my heart was being torn apart from the inside.
I felt soft hands on my shoulder but I refused to look up at her. “None of it was your fault, Lola. He should have trusted you and allowed the mating process to be completed”, she said softly and I scoffed.
“Trusted me”, I laughed. “I wouldn’t have trusted me if I had been in his shoes. You basically asked him to sign his own death warrant, knowing fully well that I was going to lose my life during the war”, I looked at her, hoping she could see the storm of anger raging in my eyes.
“Is there no other way to do this?” I asked after a while and she shook her head. “I’m afraid that this is the only way to move forward”, she said.
“You should go back”, she said and I felt myself being pulled into the darkness again. “But…..”, I tried to speak but she shook her head at me.
“Trust me child. Trust the process”, and I lost consciousness.
I woke up to the door being banged furiously and there was lots of noise on the other side of the door too.
What the heck? I thought as I sat up groggily and tried to get my thinking together. “Aargh, why is it so fucking loud here”, Jasmine said and I groaned in pain too.
“I swear to the moon that I’m going to break this door down if you don’t open up, Lola”, Adrian’s voice came from the other side of the door and he seemed to be panicking.
Are we under attack or something? I hurriedly stood up from my place on the floor and opened the door just as he was about to break it down.
His body was already positioned to ram into the door when he saw me. His posture relaxed and he breathed a sigh of relief.
“A….Adrian?” I said weakly, not sure if he still wanted to talk to me after the argument we have. He came towards me and I took a step back, not knowing what to expect.
I was shocked when he reached out his hands to me and pulled me into a bone crushing hug. “Thank goddess, you’re okay”, he breathed into my hair and held me closer to his body than he already did.
“How did you know I passed out?” I asked and he pulled back to hold my face in his hands. “I heard a thud and thought you dropped something but everything went silent afterwards “, he started speaking but I cut him off.
“You were listening to all of my movements? I thought you were mad at me and did not want either have anything to do with me?” I questioned him and he took a deep breath before speaking again.
“I was livid for what happened, baby, I’m not going to lie”, he said and Jasmine did a happy dance in my head.
“He called us baby again, that means he’s no longer angry “, she even howled happily in my head and it took all of my self control to not laugh our loud.
“I realized that I can’t leave without you, bound by a bond or not. I really can’t imagine a world without you in it. I’ll follow you to the deepest pit in hell of it meant that I’ll be able to stay by your side”, he said softly and a rogue tear rolled my left cheek.
I really don’t deserve this man.
“It’s not like I’ll allow any evil before you but the advantages that come with mating in our wolf forms surpass the downside to it.
“What are you trying to say?” I asked with my mouth agape and he smiled.
“I want us to mate in our wolf forms, Lola” he said with a boyish grin that melted my heart. “We’ll deal with the consequences later”, I nodded eagerly and he laughed.
“When do we fully mate?” I asked and he gave me a Cheshire cat grin. 1
“Right now, baby. There’s no point in wasting more of our time”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 162
Lola’s POV
“Now?” I asked in disbelief and he nodded. “But we can’t change into our wolf forms inside the house. You want to bring down the whole structure? Two horny wolves in this tiny space is a no no”, I said.
“Horny Bitch, you got laid earlier today and I am the horny one?” Jasmine asked in an offended tone, making me sigh and facepalm mentally. “You are a very horny wolf and you know it”, I said just to aggravate her.
“At least, I’m not begging to get fucked”, she said and I gasped. “No, you did not just do that”, I retorted but she rolled her eyes at me. “I did and our mindlink is down which means Daxon and Adrian are listening in on this conversation”, she said and I became totally red, earning a chuckle from Adrian.
“She’s right, baby. You were begging to be taken”, he teased and I buried my face in his chest. “Oh, come on. Not you too “,I whined and he laughed out loud.
“But you’re right. We can’t mate in the house. Apart from them being big and horny, shut the fuck up, Daxon, they will wake Mom up. We can’t have that now, can we?” He said and I shook my head.
“What do we do then? You suggested mating right away”, I said and he nodded his head like he had a plan.
“We have to go back into the woods”, he said and I just stared at him, expecting him to laugh but he seemed serious. “You’re not kidding?” I asked and he nodded his head.
“It’s late and it’s going to take a while before we can get back there. That’s coupled with the fact that we don’t have food or clothes there is enough reason. Don’t you think so?” I asked but he just pulled me closer and dropped a kiss on my forehead.
“I’m always one step ahead of you. I suggested the date so I made plans, baby, I did”, he said softly and my resolve slowly weakened.
I opened my mouth to speak but he beat me to it. “We’re going to change into our wolves outside the house. I promise you’re not going to regret it”, he said and I nodded.
We left the room hand in hand and almost reached the door when he went back to the kitchen. I was tempted to follow him to see what he went to do but I decided against it. He soon came back empty handed, which had me being more curious than I already was.
“Why did you come back empty handed?” I asked him as soon as he was within earshot. “Had to drop a letter for Mom so that she won’t be confused or worried about our whereabouts when she wakes up”, he said and I nodded.
I didn’t even think about Rose. I was so focused on the matter at hand. Thank goddess that one of us thought about that.
We entered into the cold, still night and I shivered a bit. I looked at Adrian and he nodded his head at me before he started undressing. I looked at him undressing for a while before I cautioned myself and started undressing too.
I had just pulled his shirt that I had on over my head when I heard cracking of bone and a wet nose nudged my shoulder. I giggled softly and faced him.
Even though I’ve seen him before, Daxon’s magnificence still took my breath away. His low whine took me out of my reverie. I touched his fur slowly and he growled lowly in satisfaction, making me giggle again.
“I’m glad to see you too, Daxon. Jasmine will be out in a second, okay?” He whined softly and licked the side of my face affectionately.
I moved back and imagined I was in my wolf form, relegating control to Jasmine. My bone cracked and when I looked down again, I had paws for limbs.
Daxon howled happily to the moon and Jasmine did the same thing. Since they couldn’t talk in their wolf forms, they had to use the mindlink.
“You look so gorgeous and beautiful”, Daxon’s voice came through the mindlink and Jasmine giggled. No one would have thought that she was a powerful wolf with the way she keeps giggling.
“You look very amazing yourself”, she replied to him and I resisted the urge to tease her. She sounded like a love-sick puppy. They kept nudging at each other and being all cute which tugged at my heart string but I managed to keep my sadness at bay. Tonight is all about having fun. We’ll deal with what tomorrow brings when tomorrow comes.
“Shall we?” Daxon asked and then dashed off towards the direction of the woods, howling at the moon. Jasmine followed behind him, howling at the moon also.
“This feels so nice, Lola. I don’t ever want it to end”, she said to me through our mindlink and I agreed. It sure does, Jasmine. It sure does.
Soon, they were at the clearing near the lake. Daxon sat on his haunches and howled at the moon. The howl was different, it was a happy howl and soon Jasmine joined him. They continued this loudly for a while, I was surprised the whole pack wasn’t awake yet.
Jasmine sat on her haunches and raised her head with pride and poise of every bit of royalty she is. Daxon sniffed the air before gently circling Jasmine who sat as rigid and unaffected as possible.
“Oh my goddess, it’s happening “, she squealed like a child through our mindlink making me giggle.
After circling her for what seemed like eternity but was just a few seconds, Daxon whined and nudged Jasmine’s cheeks with his snout to which she responded with a nudge of her own.
The whole wolf mating process was like a breeze for me. They did a whole lot of wolfish things that I couldn’t explain. Yes, I’m a werewolf but that doesn’t mean I have to be a wolf, Jasmine is already one.
All I could say was Jasmine was super happy and with every passing moment, I felt like something was about to change forever. I just couldn’t put a finger on it.
“You okay there?” Adrian’s voice cut through my train of thoughts. “Am I the only one that feels like something big that will change our lives forever is about to happen?” I asked him the question that was bothering me.
“I don’t think I get what you’re saying, baby”, he replied to me. Just when I was about to respond to him, I felt pain coursing through my body.
I knew I wasn’t the one feeling pain, it was Jasmine’s. “Jasmine! Jas! Can you hear me? What’s going on?” I asked frantically.
The pain spread like lava through the whole of my body, almost paralyzing me. If I was going through that much pain, Jasmine’s will be worse.
I heard groans of pain and it seemed like Adrian was in pain also. I tried to reach out to him but everything seemed painful and I grew weaker by the seconds.
“J….. J……Jas……”, then darkness surrounded me.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 163
Lola’s POV
Argh! Why the fuck is everything so loud?
“Adrian, what the fuck are you doing? Try to tone it down a bit, I’m trying to sleep”, I mumbled from sleep but all I got was a groan and the sounds became louder than it originally was.
“Adriannnnnnn”, I whined and tried to grab him from his side of the bed but I touched the grass instead. Grass? My eyes shot open and I tried to sit up quickly but I got pushed down by a heavy tree on my midriff.
“Aw”, I groaned and tried to remove the tree from my body only to be met with skin. Adrian’s hand was draped over my stomach while he slept with his body facing away from me.
I laid down back for a while and tried to remember the events that happened the day before but I could barely focus. I could hear the ants crawling on the forest floor, the sound of their tiny appendages scraping against the surface of the earth was so loud, I could barely hear my own thoughts.
It didn’t help that I could hear everything going around in nature, down to the sound of the wind moving. My senses were so heightened and I could feel a headache building.
Events of the day before came rushing to me. The date, the hot sex afterwards, my question that led to an argument, my conversation with the moon goddess and finally, Jasmine and Daxon mating under the moonlight. I remembered that I passed out from pain and tried to reach out to Jasmine.
“Jasmine! Jas, can you hear me?” I called through our mindlink and was greeted by silence. I got scared and was starting to panic, what if she was gone. The pain was severe yesterday night and if I could feel that much pain through our mindlink, it must have been 10 times worse for her.
What have I done? Why did I bring up this stupid suggestion in the first place? What is my fucking problem? I kept thinking while trying to keep my tears at bay without waking Adrian. I didn’t want to startle nor worry him.
“You’re so dumb, Lola”, Jasmine said and I squealed with delight into our mindlink. “Jassssssss, you’re still here”, I screamed and she tsked.
“Of course, I’m still here. Your head won’t hurt from hearing so many things at once if I wasn’t with you”, she said and I felt kind of stupid. She was right, our wolves are the reason we have heightened senses.
“You’re such a meanie, Jasmine”, I pouted. “I was just scared because you seemed to be in pain before I passed out. Are you okay? What happened?” I asked.
“I think it was the mating process that caused it. It was immediately Daxon and I marked each other that the pain started. I don’t think we’re the only affected ones though “, she said, “Daxon seemed to be in pain also”.
“I think you’re right. Adrian seemed to be in pain and he hasn’t woken up yet, despite the fact that I have been tossing around for a while. That’s so unlike him”, I replied to her and turned to where Adrian was laying down beside me just to find him staring at me.
I shrieked and placed my hand over my thumping chest. “Jeez, you scared me”, I said before slapping his arm that was around me. And he laughed before sitting up, groaning and holding his head in the process.
I sat up slowly after him. “Does your head hurt too?” I asked him and he nodded. “Why the fuck is that ant chewing so loudly?” He asked, his head still in his hands.
I giggled and covered my mouth with my hands, earning me a glare from him. “At least, I’m not the only one experiencing whatever this is”, I said and shrugged my shoulders when he kept looking at me.
My gaze shifted from his face and roamed all over his body, making me gasp in surprise. Adrian has always been handsome and fit, he was a werewolf after all but his body became more……..ethereal.
It was like there was a bubble around him projecting the aura of a god. I reached out and touched his shoulders, making tingles shoot from my fingertip to my toe. I shivered at the same time he did, meaning he must have felt it too.
“You feel it too?” I asked him and he nodded before cupping my face. “I’ve only seen the moon goddess once but I can swear that you’re emanating the same aura that she did”, he said.
“You’re giving off an ethereal aura too. What do you think happened to us?” I asked, panic starting to set in. The consequence of what we just did dawned on me and I started getting scared.
“There’s no reason to be scared, baby”, Adrian said. “I am not sacred”, I said with a smile that I hoped was convincing but he just shook his head.
“We’re fully mated now, Lola. I can feel your emotions more than I did when our human sides mated. You’re stressed and scared and I can feel it. I might not know what is stressing you but I assure you that I’ll be with you every step of the way. We can figure this out together”, he said with a kiss to my forehead.
Calmness and love flooded my body system, calming me down. I gave him a smile before pulling him for a passionate kiss. Things were starting to get heated before he gently lifted me off him.
I pouted and he laughed. “Serena is at the house. We should go and meet her, we might know the next step to take from there”, he said.
“Did you call for her?” I asked, trying to stop myself from getting anxious. “No, I didn’t. She must have sensed something and decided to pay us a visit. Mom just mindlinked me that she was at the house “, Adrian said and my heart missed a beat.
The last time I saw her was after I escaped from Damon and learned about her psycho sister. Why do I have a feeling that meeting her again isn’t a good idea?
Adrian stood up and held out his hand for me to hold. I took his hand and he led me towards the tent. He found some clothes for me and dressed up himself.
The air was thick with worry and anxiety and we barely spoke to each other. I guess Adrian thought exactly the same thing I did. 1
We left our spot after Adrian said he’d come back to clear everything and made our way to the house.
Here goes nothing.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 164
Lola’s POV
My heart was beating erratically as the house came into view. I tried to stall Adrian a bit before we went inside but he managed to make me move towards the house.
“I sincerely still feel like we should have cleared up that lakeside. I feel bad that you would have to go back to clear it by yourself “, I said after a while, just to stall and not go into the house.
“I think I might just leave everything there. You seemed to like it there and it can be our personal getaway after everything is peaceful again”, Adrian said and I gritted my teeth.
Calmness washed over me through our mindlink and I breathed in deeply. “It’s okay, baby. We’ll be together every step of the way. I’ll be with you no matter”, he said through our mindlink while squeezing my hand lovingly.
I took a deep breath as he held the door open for me to enter. I sent him a small smile and walked in, Adrian following behind me almost immediately.
Rose was the first to attack me when I walked into view. “Oh my goddess, I almost had a panic attack when I woke up and you were not in your room”, she rushed out while gently patting my face.
“I was about to alert the whole pack until I saw Adrian’s note in the kitchen stating that you were out in the woods for the rest of the night. Why were you out in the middle of the night?” She asked and I turned crimson red while Adrian cleared his throat behind me.
“Their wolves had to mate”, Serena said from where she was seated. I gasped and looked at her with an agape mouth.” Serena!!” I called but she just shrugged her shoulders like she did not just drop a bomb.
“Their wolves did what?” Rose turned to us with a shocked face and I slowly backed into Adrian who held a protective arm around me.
Rose’s face slowly went from shocked to pained. “Do you not know the consequences of what you’ve done?” She asked, her voice rising with every passing second.
“Mom, we know and we both consented to it”, Adrian spoke up from behind me but I could feel how his body went rigid and tensed up.
“Why? Why would you do that to me?” She asked and I bowed my head in shame. Maybe I shouldn’t have agreed with Adrian. I knew I was going to be losing my life which would definitely cause Rose pain. The pain is only going to compound when she loses her son shortly afterwards.
I was about to open my mouth to speak but Serena beat me to it.
“Now, now, calm down, will you?” She spoke, speaking to no one in particular. Rose looked like she wanted to say something but decided against it and went back to where she was sitting, pain and betrayal evident in her eyes.
I wanted to go to her but Adrian held me back and pressed me closer to him. “She’s hurt right now. Nothing you say will change her mind”, he said through our mindlink and I tried to blink back my tears.
“Are you just going to stand there? We need to talk”, Serena said. Adrian and I moved to the only available chair, he sat down before setting me onto his laps, the physical contact calming me down a bit.
“So, what’s going on?” Adrian asked Serena whose face and body was rigid. I took a good look at Serena and noticed that she was different from the Serena I knew.
Her face was sunken and she looked to have lost weight. Her hair looked dull and her skin seemed to have lost some of its shine. She must have been stressed over what happened with her twin sister since we last saw each other.
“The war is upon us, I can feel it in the air. The fact that your wolves already mated means it’s already here. You need to be prepared. You need to work hand-in-hand to defeat what is coming”, she said in her robotic voice with unfocused eyes.
“Can you tell us what we need to do? Guidance? Things to put in place?” I asked, hoping that she would give us a direction at least.
“It’s up to you to figure out”, she said. “Teamwork is important. You have to work with yourself and learn to trust others around you”, she added, making me further confused.
“I should leave, my work here is done”, she said and stood up. I stood up after her and held her hands in mine. I pulled her into a hug and whispered into her ears, “how are you holding up?”
“I want to be the one to handle her this time around. I need to finish what I started”, she replied to me with a cold voice that sent shivers down my spine and pulled from me.
She bowed slightly at Adrian before moving towards the door, followed by a quiet Rose. The door opened and closed after a while and I waited with a bated breath. Rose came into view but she ignored us and walked up the stairs.
“Adrian”, I turned to him with tears in my eyes and he stood up to hug me. “She will come around. Give her time to process it. It took me a while to process it too, didn’t it?” He asked while cradling my head and wiping the tears that managed to escape.
“Let’s get you cleaned up and well rested, shall we?” I nodded and made to walk but he scooped me into his arms, making me squeal.
I nestled into his chest and wrapped my hands around his neck, allowing myself to be lost in the warmth of his embrace. It will only be a matter of time before everything comes to an end so I plan to make the most of it.
Washing up happened like I was in a trance, I really couldn’t remember what happened. The last thing I remembered was drifting off into a peaceful slumber, cocooned in the warmth of my mate’s embrace.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 165
Lola’s POV
“Wake up, beautiful”, a voice said and I swatted in the direction I heard it from. “Wake up, Lola”, the voice said again, deepening than it initially was. I wanted to swat in the direction it came from again but I couldn’t quite pinpoint it. The sound was everywhere in my head and my eyes shot open in panic.
I took in my environment and saw that I was in our room. I turned to where Adrian was sleeping and he was already grinning at me mischievously.
“I should have known that you’re the one. I don’t know why I was panicking”, I huffed and faced towards the ceiling with a roll of my eyes.
“I’m hurt you still don’t know my voice in your head after all these while”, he said and I turned to glare at him. “I was sleeping”, I snapped.
I didn’t mean to snap but I was on edge. The look on Rose’s face after we told her what happened still breaks my heart and I felt bad that I was the cause of her heartbreak.
“Are you still worked up over what happened with mom in the morning?” Adrian asked beside me and I sighed deeply. “We were responsible for her pain. How are you not bothered about that”, I said before sitting up and turning my back to him so that he won’t see the tears in my eyes.
Fuck, I’m not supposed to be so weak, I thought to myself.
“You’re not weak at all, baby. You’re one of the strongest people I know”, Adrian’s voice rang in my head and I smiled a little. If only he knows.
“I should go and see her”, I made a move to stand up from the bed when my stomach decided to growl in hunger. “And I should get you fed”, Adrian said from beside me. I turned crimson red to which he chuckled.
“You should go and freshen up, I’ll whip up something for you to eat real quick”, he said as he stood from the bed and started to pull on a shirt. My eyes did not miss the way his muscles contracted and Jasmine purred in my head.
“Down, girl”, I teased her and felt her rolling her eyes. Adrian gave me a kiss on my forehead before he stepped out of the
room.
I went into the bathroom to clean up. While doing so, I tried to see what Adrian was going through our mindlink but I couldn’t see anything.
At some point, I felt agitation, pain and sadness that wasn’t mine. I hurriedly finished up with what I was doing and threw on the closest piece of clothing that my eyes landed on.
The nearest clothes happened to be one of Adrian’s T-shirts. I grabbed one of my shorts and threw it on, rubbed my hair with a towel and left it down to dry.
I quietly left the room and tried to eavesdrop on their conversation but it stopped almost immediately. I moved slowly and hoped to get anything from what was being said but I couldn’t hear anything. I wanted to know what triggered Adrian but I couldn’t hear anything.
“You know it is rude to eavesdrop, don’t you?”, Adrian’s voice came through our mindlink and I froze where I was. Of course he caught me, that’s why everything suddenly became silent.
“I was just wondering what make you agitated and sad”,
I said, revealing just a part of my reason. Truth was that I wanted to know what he was discussing with Rosa so that I could know how to approach her also.
I stopped at the entrance to the kitchen and I could almost cut through the tension in the air with a knife. Adrian’s body was rigid and Rose had puffy eyes and looked like she didn’t sleep a wink all night.
“Hi, baby”, Adrian said and I waved at him shyly. “Hi, Rose”, I said and almost bit my tongue with how lame that sounded. She nodded her head at me in acknowledgement and I sighed deeply.
“I want to go and take a shower. I’ll be back in a minute “, Adrian said to nobody in particular and left the room before I could say a word.
I cleared my throat and moved closer to where Rose was stirring something on the fire. “Do you need help with anything?” I asked but she shook her head.
It felt like I had been slapped across the face and I tried not to cry again. I can’t keep crying at every little inconvenience.
“I think I like it better when you lash out at me”, I started, “this silent treatment is killing me, Rose. I’m sorry that we did what we did but we had to do it”, I finished.
She turned to me so fast with a fire blazing in her eyes that I took a step back.
“You had to do that? There was no other thing to do apart from that? You guys knew the consequence and still went ahead with it”, she said and tears rolled down her eyes.
Looking at her swollen eyes, knowing that she’s going to lose both of us after a while, my tears cascaded down my cheeks and I went to pull her in for a hug.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. It was something I had to do, that we had to do. I’m so sorry, Rose. You wouldn’t have agreed if we told you but it is a necessary evil”, I whispered in her ears as I kept hugging her over and over.
“We could have found a way. I’m sure there would have been another way if we had searched deeper”, she said defeatedly.
She knew we had to do it too. She just didn’t want to admit that. She hugged me tightly and sobbed into my shirt as I rubbed her back and tried to keep my own tears in.
“The food on fire is going to burn”, I said after a while and she hurriedly put off the fire. I looked around properly and realized that she was cooking up a feast.
“Are we expecting visitors? Let me guess, the gang wants to come over?” I asked and she nodded with a smile.
“Lyla has been constantly claiming that her baby wants to see her godmother and you also refused to pick her calls. She threatened to bring down the house if she doesn’t get fed when she comes visiting”, she said and we both laughed.
“You should have called me to help you then”, I said, “this is a lot to prepare by yourself”. “I was angry at you and besides, this is therapeutic for me”, she replied to me. 1
I was about to counter her when the doorbell rang. “I’ll get it”, I told her and skipped to the door. I was expecting to see a grumpy Lyla, smiling Avianca and laid-back Nathan but I was met with a completely different person.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 166
Lola’s POV
“Serena?”
I looked at the woman in front of me with surprise. She looked radiant unlike what she looked like this morning when I saw her.
“(
“What a surprise! Did you forget something when you came around in the morning?” I asked her and she just smiled at me. I’ve decided that I’m going to punish Alysia myself and since the war will be upon us soon, I’ll like to stay back in the pack and help you with whatever I can”, she said with a straight face.
I felt something was wrong with her but I just couldn’t place my fingers on it. She almost seemed fake. The radiance, the way she asked to stay to help with the war ahead, everything seemed fake but I didn’t want to doubt it.
Alysia would never dare to set her foot into Crescent moon pack, she seemed smart enough to not take that kind of risk and besides, the person in front of me smelled exactly like Serena. I remembered Alysia having this kind of scent that made my nose burn but Serena’s scent was soothing to the nose. 2
“Lola, pumpkin “, Rose shouted from the kitchen, “I need your help setting the table”, she called out. “I’ll be right there”, I shouted back and ushered Serena into the house.
“Please, make yourself comfortable. You’re just in time for dinner”, I gave her a tight smile and went into the kitchen where Rose was already setting up the table.
“I don’t hear Lyla’s voice”, she said as she looked towards the door like she was expecting her to burst through them at any
moment.
“It wasn’t Lyla and the gang, Rose”, I told her and she looked at me questioningly. “It’s Serena”.
“Serena?” She asked and I nodded my head. “She told me she would be out of town for the whole weekend. What is she doing here again?” She asked, confusion clearly written all over her face.
“Finish up here, will you?” She said before going to the living room. “Serena. It’s so nice to see you again”, she greeted her warmly but I could hear the underlying question and confusion in her voice. 2
“I thought you were leaving for a couple of days. Why are you here again?” she asked. “I figured that I might as well stay back in the pack and help with whatever I can help with”, she said but it seemed fake.
“You’re welcome to stay then. I’ll arrange a room to be set up for you in the pack house”, Rose said. “Actually, I’d prefer if I could stay here. I’ll like a little bit of privacy, you know how fickle magic can be and I wouldn’t want to get distracted easily by noise”, she said and I had the urge to go out and tell her to leave.
My intuition is never wrong and I just knew something was totally wrong with the situation. Just when I was about to damn the consequences and call her Bellshill, Adrian walked into the kitchen. 1
“I don’t think that is a good idea”, he said. “But it’s so obvious that something weird is going on here”, I whisper-yelled at him.
“It’s either Selene is in danger or she’s cooking up something. I don’t have a good feeling about this, Adrian”, I said through our mindlink. 1
He pulled me to his chest and rubbed my back. “I don’t want you on edge, baby. If something is really going on, I’ll get to the bottom of it”, he kissed my forehead afterwards.
The doorbell rang and I pulled away from Adrian to go and get the door. I passed Rose and Serena talking in the living room and I could swear that she smirked at me. I ignored her and went to open the door.
The door had barely opened when I was squished between two bodies. “Guys, I can barely breathe”, I wheezed out.
“I’ll leave you ladies to it”, Nathan said and gently squeezed his large body through the little space that was left. “He’s in the kitchen “, I called after him and he gave me a thumbs up in response.
I felt a sharp pain on my shoulder and bit my lips to stop sounds from escaping. “Gosh, Avia. What is wrong with you?” I asked as I held my shoulder and she glared at me. 1
“You barely reached out to us. It was almost like you were avoiding us or hiding something from us and it got me mad”, she sulked. “Hey, I’m sorry guys, I was just caught up in a lot. I didn’t mean to go MIA like that”, I apologized and pulled them into a hug again.
“It’s so nice to see you, bestie”, Lyla hugged me with her very protruding belly. “Very nice to see you too, boo bear”, I replied to her and hugged her again, to which Avianca pouted.
“Did you guys change personality overnight?” I asked, to which everyone laughed. “I’m sincerely curious, guys. Serena is also acting weird and giving off a very weird vibe”, I told them.
“Serena?” Lyla asked and I nodded in affirmation. “She barely comes to the pack unless it’s necessary “, Avianca added and that was what further solidified my thought that Serena was just being weird.
“She even asked to sleep in our house till the war is over. I have a bad feeling about this, guys”, I told them but Lyla just waved me off.
“I’m sure the war has everybody on edge and you’ll get to see sides of people that you’ve not seen before. I’m sure you’re just being paranoid”, Lyla said as she pushed me in the direction of the kitchen.
I hope Lyla is actually right. I pray my intuition is wrong for once.
Damon’s POV
My phone dinged once and a satisfied smile crossed my face as I read the message.
“They don’t suspect a thing and I’ve been able to settle in their home. Everything is going according to plan, Damon”. Love, Al.
I gave Alysia’s lookalike in front me a kick to the stomach but she held her moans of pain in like she’s been doing since that morning that I captured her.
“Deep down in your heart, you know you’re fighting a losing game, Damon. Truth and goodness will always prevail and there’s nothing you’ll do about it”, she said to me with a mocking smile on her face.
“It’s not too late to give up. I’m sure Adrian and Lola will forgive you and understand “, she said, making me land a slap across her face.
“Never!” I spat in her face before I turned around and left the room.
I’ll never allow them to win. I’m going to wipe all of them out and rule over all of them. That is my calling and I’ll fulfill it.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 167
Lola’s POV
The next few days were really awkward and tension hung heavily in the air. Serena made it her life mission to be in everyone’s business. The only times she wasn’t trying to be in everyone’s business was when we were asleep.
“I beg to differ. I swear I’ve heard her outside our room on more occasions than one and it was not creepy at all”, Jasmine said sarcastically. I sighed and turned in my mate’s arm.
His arms tightened around me and he gave me a forehead kiss moments later. The feel of his lips against my skin was heavenly and I almost forgot all my worries.
Keyword being ‘almost’.
“Good morning, my Queen. What’s going on in that pretty head of yours?” He asked. “It’s Serena, isn’t it?” He spoke again
before I could answer him and I nodded.
“She’s being really creepy, Adrian. First, she insisted on staying in OUR house, now she hovers around like she has an ulterior motive”, I pulled away from him and sat up, forcing him to be in the same position.
“I seriously want to know what her deal is. Jasmine just said she’s caught her breathing and footsteps at our door a few times. I don’t like this, Adrian, I don’t”, I said frustratedly.
Adrian rubbed my shoulder gently and I allowed my body to give in and sag against him. “How about we go and visit Nathan and Lyla in their place?” He asked and my eyes lit up like a child that was offered her favorite candy. 1
“Yes, yes, please”, I squealed before jumping off the bed towards the bathroom. I was so eager to leave the house. Anything was better than being cooped up in the same space as Serena. 1
At first, I thought it was just me being paranoid but everyone saw it also. Serena was the laid back, cool aunty, kind of person but that suddenly changed. She started asking questions that she wouldn’t ask normally and it wasn’t weird at all.
“You’re being sarcastic, right?” Jasmine’s voice cut through my thoughts, making me roll my eyes. “Of course, I’m being sarcastic, girl. You think I want to be stuck in the same space as her?” I retorted.
“Why can’t we just tell her to leave?” Jasmine asked and I sighed in frustration.
I brought Rose’s attention to it and she also concluded that she was acting weird and promised to talk to her about it. Rose spoke to her and her words were, “I’m doing all of these to ensure the safety of everyone and make sure that we’re prepared for whatever the war will throw our way. I need to be here to protect everyone against Alysia and Damon”.
Even though Rose wasn’t completely okay with it, she had to let her be because it was for the betterment of the pack wolves. “I have an idea, Adrian”, I said through our mi drink as I got into the shower. “What’s that?” He responded almost immediately.
“Have Nathan invite people that can be trusted to relay messages to neighboring packs. I can’t rely on my powers alone. We should have backup, should anything happen”, I told him and he hummed in agreement.
“On second thoughts, I think it should be made known through the pack that we’re getting help from neighboring packs. I want Serena to show her motive”, I told him. He agreed and said he was going to my former room to get ready too.
I hurried up and threw on random clothes from my closet. Once I was satisfied with what I saw, I stepped out of the room. I could hear water running from my former room so I went downstairs ahead of him.
I had just reached the base of the staircase when I saw Serena sitting on one of the couches. I contemplated turning back but decided against it. This might be the only chance I have to talk to her alone.
“Hi, Serena. Good morning”, I greeted cheerfully as I took a seat beside her. She turned from the book she held in her hands and smiled at me. “Hi, Lola. You’re awake”, she said with a smile but it was so cold.
Call it paranoia or something, I just know something was wrong with her. Since I got crowned as the Queen of wolves, Serena referred to me as Luna, not Lola. 1
“Yeah, I am and you’re awake early too. What of Rose?” I asked looking around but there was no sign of her. “I guess she’s still sleeping. You look like you’re going somewhere, are you going alone?” She asked.
“Why do you ask?” I asked. Even though I seemed calm, I was resisting the urge to snap her neck at the mention of my man. No, I wasn’t being unnecessarily possessive. She’s been acting weird around Adrian since she got here and it’s been getting on my nerves. 1
“Do you hear me?” Her voice brought me out of my thoughts and I plastered a smile on my face. “I’m sorry, I was out of it for a while. What did you say?”
“I said you guys are always together and you seem to be alone and ready to go out”, she repeated and I bit my tongue to stop myself from lashing out at her.
“He’s getting ready, we’re leaving together”, I said and watched her face harden for a fleeting second before it went back to how it was.
It’s her. It’s Alysia. I swear that I’ve seen that look on someone’s face before.
I resisted the urge to claw at my chest to stop the way it was constructing with panic. She tried to get closer to me but I stopped her with a raise of my hand. 1
“What’s wrong? Are you okay? Should I get you water?” She asked concerned but I kept shaking my head at her and stopped her from getting closer to me. I closed my eyes and willed the memories from when I was kidnapped by Damon to go away but I was finding it difficult.
“Lola, you seem……..”, her words were cut short when Adrian rushed into the loving room and held me in his arms. “Baby, you’re fine. Look at me, focus on me”, he said as he hugged me closely to him while rubbing my back and sending images of comfort through our mindlink.
Serena offered to go and get me water while I buried my face in Adrian’s chest. I fisted his shirt in my hands and listened to the rhythm of his heart to calm myself.
You’re no longer there. You’re safe with Adrian. I repeated to myself until I calmed down.
“It’s her. It’s Alysia. The person in our home is Alysia, not Serena”, I told Adrian.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 168
Adrian’s POV
“It’s her. It’s Alysia. The person in our home is Alysia, not Serena”.
I knew something was wrong with the Serena in our home but I just couldn’t put my hands on it. How could she set her foot into my home after what she did to my mate?
Daxon tried to come to the surface but I suppressed him. “Not now, buddy”, I told him through our mindlink but he growled in response. “Not now This bitch hurt our mate and she’s in my territory, acting like she hasn’t done anything wrong. And all you tell me is to calm down? You must be fucking kidding”, he growled angrily as the battle for control continued.
“She must be here for a reason. We have to find out and find out the location of those bastards too. We can’t act rashly, Daxon. The fact that she’s here means that Serena is in danger and anything that can cause them to harm her must be avoided. We need Serena “, I tried to reason with him. “Fuck!” He swore before receding to the back of my mind.
The devil in question soon came into view with a glass of water and tried to touch Lola but I stopped her from doing so.
“Thank you for the water, Serena, but she won’t be needing it. She’s already fine”, I gave her a tight smile which she returned with a very weird one.
“Babe, let’s go. I’ll see the pack doctor on the way. I must have had one of my panic attacks”, Lola said as she pulled back from me but her eyes were concentrated on Alysia.
“Do you have panic attacks?” Alysia asked from beside me and Lola subtly fisted my clothes in her hand. “Yeah, I get them once in a while. I forgot about my medications for a while and that’s why this happened. I’ll get another prescription from the pack doctor”, Lola replied without batting an eye.
“I’m so sorry to hear that. Can I come along with you guys? I’d like to be kept in the loop of everything that is happening. The war ahead is not a small one and I wouldn’t want to make any mistake to jeopardize all we’ve worked for so far”, Alysia said and I clenched my jaw so hard, I was surprised my teeth didn’t fall out.
“Why would you want to follow us? We’ll keep you duly informed about everything that you need to know”, I replied through clenched teeth.
“I’m always bored inside here and it will only get worse if I don’t have anyone to talk to today”, she said and sighed. If Lola hadn’t pointed out that she was Alysia, I’d have fallen for her tricks.
“You chose to stay here and besides, Rose will be around and you can have all the women talk that you guys have”, Alysia said, her eyes still on Alysia like she was expecting her to break and let the cat out of the bag. 2
“Oh yeah. Yeah, Rose. I’ll stay here with her. She needs someone to be with her at all times”, she said with an underlying tone of mockery but I allowed it to slide incase I was just being paranoid.
“We’ll see you later then. Have a nice day”, Lola said as she stood up and held my hand in hers. Without sparing her another glance, she walked out of the door and kept walking towards the car without stopping.
It wasn’t until we were seated in the car that she allowed herself to breathe. She clawed at her chest and her tears fell freely. “She’s definitely the one. Serena would have called my bullshit when I mentioned the panic attack. She was so clueless about everything going on, she was so focused on herself. That was how Alysia acted”, she cried.
“I hope Serena is okay. They must have gotten her”, she lamented and I also sighed. “Serena is not the type to allow herself to be overpowered easily. If she’s really being held captive by them, she has her own reasons”, I hugged her to my chest as I spoke.
“What if there was no reason and she was really captured and helpless?” She asked, tugging at my heartstrings. “We’re fucked if that’s the case, Adrian”, she started crying again.
“That’s why we’re on our way to make sure that we’re prepared for whatever might be thrown our way”, I gently kissed the top of her head while she sniffled.
“I want to start training again”, she said after she had calmed down. “It’s so close, I can feel it. I can’t afford to allow my mistake to cost anyone their life again. I have to conquer”, she said with fierce determination.
After I made sure that she wasn’t going to start crying again, I started driving towards Nathan’s home where he, Lyla and Avianca were waiting for us.
Lyla and Avianca were the first to meet us. Lyla took one look at my mate and became concerned. “Hey, bestie. What’s wrong with you? Have you been crying? Did Adrian hurt you? I swear if he had anything to do with why you look so sad and gloomy, I’ll make him…….”, she said as she turned to me, rage evident in her eyes.
She was cut short by Lola who broke into laughter. “I promise you that he’s not the one that made me cry”, she replied softly. “So you admit that you were crying. Why were you crying and why did Adrian make it happen?” Avianca was the one who spoke next. 1
Daxon growled lowly at their disrespect but I wasn’t bothered. I was grateful that she had people who will take her side without thinking twice about it.
“Guys, the Serena in our home is actually her evil twin, Alysia”, Lola said and the room became dead silent. The girls looked at each other with open mouths.
“What? How dare her set her foot into this pack after being a bitch to you and to Serena. I’m going to kill her”, Lyla said in a rage and tried to leave the room but I blocked her with my body.
“Serena is being held somewhere, I’m very sure of it. We can’t act rashly or we’ll be putting her in danger”, my mate said and Lyla deflated.
She walked dejectedly into the living room while we followed behind her. Nathan came out of the kitchen with a cute apron and napkin.
He must have been cooking for his wife. “You’re here. Welcome guys”. He waved at Lola and pulled me into a bro hug. “I’ll go straight to business since we don’t have time to waste”, I spoke for the first time since we got there. “We’re not longer asking for help from the other packs secretly. We’re going to openly ask and see what happens next”. Desperate times call for desperate measures and for my mate, I’ll burn down the earth.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 169
Lola’s POV
It’s been 2 weeks since we found out that Alysia was the one in our home, not Serena. Two weeks since we sent out messages to other packs to solicit for help. Two weeks since I started training back, physically and also with my powers.
A week since we got response from most of the packs and had troops sent to us to be trained in preparation for the coming War. Moonlit pack was the first to oblige us and Grayson even sent his heartfelt apology for all he did to me when I was in Moonlit pack.
The war was so close, everyone was on edge, even Alysia. Something was definitely wrong with their plan and that brought me some sort of relief.
I haven’t spoken with Selene since the last time I did, I wanted to spend all of my time with Adrian. I couldn’t afford to waste time in the garden, I already had limited time with him.
During the day, we train and plan the war. At night, we make love till we get spent and sleep off in each other’s arms.
Rose was still unaware of the fact that it wasn’t Serena in her home and we kept it that way. There was no need for us to bother her without a solution in sight.
“Do you hear me, Luna?” Nathan’s voice brought me out of my deep thinking and I blinked twice to bring myself to reality. “You can call me Lola, Nathan. Also, what are we talking about?” I asked and 10 pairs of eyes stared at me across the room. ” I’m sorry guys, I kind of zoned out”, I said sheepishly.
“It’s fine, baby. We were just discussing the formation we’ll be using and how the training is going. It’s not really a big deal, right guys?” Adrian directed to the rest of the room.
“Of course, Alpha”, “It’s not a problem at all”, “You’re all good, Luna”, were said around the room and I smiled at them. ” Since we’ve sorted out all the issues at hand, I’d like to leave with my mate. This has been taking a toll on her and she needs to rest”, he said and the whole room nodded in agreement.
I didn’t get any bad vibe from the room and that made me happy. It’s a miracle how I went from a nobody, to someone that men of power sit around to listen to.
“Gentlemen, thank you for your time”, I said as I looked around the room, making sure to maintain eye contact with anyone that met my eyes. “We’ll get going now. Any updates will be passed through the Beta”, I pointed at Nathan and they all nodded.
Adrian stood up before me and all the men stood up with their heads bowed. He held out his hands to me and I gingerly took it in mine. All of them had their heads bowed till I stepped out of the room.
“You were amazing, Luna”, Adrian said beside me, sending me into a giggle fit. “Oh, please. You’re just teasing me, right?” I asked but he shook his head.
“I’m not kidding. I’m so proud of you and how far you’ve come. You’re one of a kind and I’m glad I didn’t lose you before it became too late”, he said.
I was about to speak when I felt a pang of pain in my chest. I looked at Adrian and he had pain and shock written all over him. “Rose!” I said at the same time he said “Mom!” We sprinted out of the pack house, which made us get a lot of looks on our way out.
We didn’t stop until we reached our home and Adrian was the first to burst through the door. Immediately I entered, I was hit with the strong smell of metal.
Blood. Rose is hurt.
We followed the smell and it led to Rose’s room. Please, please, don’t let it be what I’m thinking, I prayed to the moon goddess before I opened her door with shaky hands.
It took a moment for me to process what I was seeing in front of me. When I did, I slid to the floor unable to speak or even breathe.
Adrian entered the room and went towards Rose’s mutilated body. His hands shook as he touched her, or should I say, what was left of her. 1
Her eyes were wide open and they looked to be begging for help even when life left her. If she had been killed, it would have been better. She was severed into three- head, upper body and her lower body. 2
Her insides were spilled all around her and some type of markings were all over the floor around her. I crawled towards her. My brain almost exploding when I saw the occultic markings all over the floor.
Alysia. It was her doings, she was the only one on the house with her. Also the only witch that practices black magic.
I screamed out in pain as tears streamed down my face. Adrian howled in pain, followed by mine. Soon, the whole pack was howling in pain at the realisation of losing a very amazing soul. 1
I saw a note beside her and picked it up. It was already covered in blood but I managed to read it. The contents were;
“I can’t believe that you people are so stupid to not realize the difference between Serena and I. I’ve had enough of the games and by the time you get this, your beloved mother would have been gone”.
“I thought I could gather information by pretending to be my sister but you’re obviously as useless as you were when you were captured. Don’t relax, the war is about to begin. So long, fuckers”.
I squeezed the note in my hand and saw red. All of them, I’ll kill all of them without mercy. I promise you this, Rose. I closed her eyes and said a prayer for her soul. 1
I looked at Adrian and he seem shaken up. I went closer to him and held him against me. “You don’t have to hold it in, baby. It’s okay to grief “, I whispered to him gently. 1
Like he was waiting for permission, he broke down in tears. I held him close to me and rubbed his back as he mourned his mother.
I cried like a baby but I was still his support. In less than 4 months, he lost both of his parents and I could feel everything he was feeling through our mindlink. 1
The pain, the guilt, the anger and need for revenge all coursed through him at the speed of light.
I felt Nathan poking at my mindlink and let down my wall. “Yes, Nathan?”
“We’re under attack, Luna. And they definitely are not normal werewolves”, he said, fear evident in his voice.
Really? Oh, come on.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 170
Lola’s POV
“What?” I exclaimed. “I said we’re under attack and…..”, Nathan tried to repeat but I cut him off. “I heard what you said the first time, Nathan”, I snapped.
“How much time do we have till they get to the middle of the pack?” I asked him, still holding Adrian to my body. Those fuckers did this on purpose. They knew that he’d be weakened by the death of his mother. 1
Well, surprise, surprise, they’re in for a treat.
“Our border just got breached, it’s only a matter of time before they get to the centre of the pack, Luna”, he said, his voice steady as a rock.
“Get all the children, elderly and pregnant women into the safe room. Tell Lyla and Avianca to watch over them while we take care of these monsters. Inform the troops to be in their position, we’ll be with you shortly”, I ordered.
“And Adrian, is he okay?” He asked in concern. I took a deep breath before I answered him, “we’ll be out shortly, Nathan. The pack comes first to an Alpha and she wouldn’t have wanted it any other way”.
The mindlink shut off and I assumed he was already carrying out the orders I gave him. I knelt down beside Adrian, whose eyes were still fixated on his mother and cupped his face.
“Adrian”, I called out slowly. His eyes finally found mine and my heart broke for him. He was lost, like his whole world has crumbled before his eyes.
“Mom, she’s gone”, he said in a voice devoid of any emotions. I sniffled before I talked again. “She’s in a better place, Adrian, but our pack members are not”, I said slowly, not wanting to upset him.
“She wouldn’t have wanted this, she would have wanted you to go out there and put those bastards in their place. We’re under attack, our people need us. We didn’t come this far to allow them win at the end of the day”, I told, slowly gauging his reaction.
“You’re right”, he said and got to his feet, pulling me along with him. “I’m going to make sure it all ends today, everything ends today”, he said in a voice that sent shivers down my spine.
Yes, Adrian, it all ends today. I’m sorry.
I hugged him tightly, not caring about the blood covering both of our body. “I’m sorry, Adrian. I’m really sorry for everything”, I told him. “None of this was your fault, how could we have known that she would resort to such measures?” He told me before placing a kiss on my forehead. 3
He held my hands in his and we ran out of the house together. When we got to the pack house, all formations were in place already.
We made our way to the front of the line, where Nathan was already waiting for us. He bowed and looked at Adrian before his eyes glazed over, indicating that they were communicating through the mind link.
“The children and elderly? Are they safe?” I asked him after they finished their discussion and he nodded. “Lyla and Avianca are trying their best to calm them down”, he said and I acknowledged it with a small nod of my head.
I could hear footsteps coming from the pack border and my eyes watered from the smell of rotten flesh that was in the air.
Adrian held my hand in his and squeezed gently. “Stay by my side, no matter what. I can’t afford to lose you too”, he begged but I didn’t say a word. I smiled at him and tried to keep my tears at bay.
It’s too late, Adrian, too late.
The intruders soon came into view with Damon in the front row and Alysia by her side but that wasn’t what caught my attention. Serena and Fay were in chains and were being dragged by some creatures that I couldn’t explain. 2
They looked like they were stuck halfway into morphing into their wolves. Their lower body was like that of wolves, their backs were bent at a very weird angle with hair lightly covering the expanse of their back.
Their faces were morphed into something between a wolf and a human. Fuck, was this what the bastard needed my blood for. My breathing came out in puffs and I felt like the earth was shaking beneath me.
“Holy crap”, Nathan said from beside me and I couldn’t agree more with him. Nothing we trained for would have prepared me for what I saw in front of me.
“Alpha”, someone said from behind us. “We wait for them to make the first move, they’re under someone’s command”, he said. “I just can’t figure out who exactly”, he said through our mindlink while squeezing my hands in his.
I was impressed that he figured it out already. “Alysia. She’s the one that can have them under the control of her black magic”, I told him through our mindlink.
At the mention of her name, Jasmine and Daxon growled in anger. “She’s mine and mine alone to kill”, he growled.
“Well, well, well, I see you’re still covered in the blood of your mother”, Damon said from where he stood with his entourage. “I had so much fun killing her”, Alysia added with her cackle.
“Poor thing begged me to spare her life. She looked so ethereal as her life slipped from her”, she said and Adrian growled loudly beside me.
“Baby, you need to calm down”, I said gently but he kept on growling, Daxon almost taking control. “Snap out of it, Adrian”, I screamed at him through our mindlink, “fucking snap out of it. You’re falling into their trap, they’re obviously doing this to rile you up. So, for the sake of everyone, get your shit together”, I snapped at him.
He closed his eyes and took deep breaths, making me breathe a sigh of relief. “What the fuck do you want, Damon?” I snapped at him.
“You, your mate’s head on a platter and authority over every pack wolf”, he said with a grin to which I scoffed. ““Like hell you’re going to have it. Leave while you still have your head on your neck”, I told him but he just laughed.
“I should have known it wouldn’t go the easy way with you. Fine, we’ll do this my way”, he said and all hell broke loose.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 171
Lola’s POV
“I should have known it wouldn’t go the easy way with you. Fine, we’ll do this my way”, he said and all hell broke loose.
His creatures charged towards us and our men started shooting them down too. Guns barely had any effect on them and that was when I knew that we were in trouble
“Wolf forms, now!” Adrian commanded and we all changed into our wolf form. We had been training for any possible scenario and I couldn’t thank the moon goddess more.
My thoughts were on how to rescue Fay and Serena. Even if I decided to fight Alysia with my powers, Serena was the only one that knew how to subdue her finally. I made eye contact with her and that was all I needed to know that I needed to free her for this to end.
“I need to get to Serena. She’s the only one that can stop Alysia. We need her to stop Alysia”, I screamed at Adrian through our mindlink. “What?” He replied as he threw off the creature that tried to get me from the right.
I threw a lightning at a creature that was trying to attack from the back while he tackled the one at his side. I screamed in frustration and released a stream of lightning to where a group of creatures were coming from.
“We need to get to Serena now!!”, I shouted through our mindlink and nodded towards the direction where Serena was being held. He nodded in understanding and we both ran towards her, clearing any and every creature that was on our path.
The creatures kept moving away from the war towards a clearing but we kept following. Something in me knew it was a trap and we should stop following but I had to save both Serena and Fay.
“This is fishy, Lola. We should stop following them”, Adrian said, but I ignored him. After running for a while, the creatures left them and ran back towards the war zone. Adrian was torn between following them back and staying with me, his dilemma so obvious through our mindlink. He finally decided to stay with me and we got to untying them.
When I freed Fay and ripped the covering on her mouth off, she burst into tears. “You shouldn’t have followed us, they were going to……..”, her words were cut off when a familiar voice spoke from behind us.
“Allow me to break the news to them myself”, Damon’s stupid voice said from behind us and I hid Fay behind my body.
“Awwwww, trying to play the hero, are we?” Alysia said as she appeared from nowhere and I felt Adrian go rigid besides me with anger. I interlaced our fingers to try and calm down.
“You’re playing a losing game, Damon”, I said and watched his jaw tick with anger. Seeing that small things rile him up, I stood up, gently pulling Adrian with me so that he could see our interwoven fingers.
“First of all, you’re just a loser who doesn’t have proper love from his parents growing up. So you decide to take out your misfortune on others?” I laughed and heard a slight change in his breathing.
It’s working.
“This”, I held up mine and Adrian’s intertwined fingers, “is something that you’ll never experience. Not if you forcefully take me from my mate, not from the worthless power hungry bitch beside you, not from your mate that you treated like trash”, I told him calmly.
“You can never be enough, not for yourself, not for anyone”, I smiled as I gently walked towards him. His face was in a permanent scowl and he looked like he wanted to skin me and wear me around his neck.
“You made a mistake bitch!” He spat angrily. “You’re all going to die here and I’ll take over your stupid packs. Guess who will not be enough then”, he laughed maniacally but I kept my cool.
“You’re getting riled up by a bitch, Damon. If you’re half the man you claim to be, why don’t we go at it, one on one?” I looked him dead in the eyes. Fear crossed his eyes for a second before he masked it and smirked.
“Why would I battle with a weakling like you? Your man should be able to stand in for you. Right?” He looked at Adrian who gave him a smile and nodded without hesitation.
“Oh, and Alysia?” I called out and she looked at me like I was beneath her, “why don’t you face me too?” I asked and she scoffed.
“Unless you’re scared I’ll beat your ass down?” I smirked at her. She rolled her eyes before kissing her teeth. “I dunno. Big man over there is going to cry like a baby if anything happens to his mate”, she said, hoping to get a reaction from us but we didn’t react.
I saw their group of monsters coming towards us and put up a protective shield wide enough to enable everyone to move but still gives limited movements.
I knew something everybody else didn’t, not even Adrian. The protective shield weakens other people except me. Also, you can’t communicate with those outside the bubble, which means Alysia’s control over the monsters was null and we couldn’t communicate with our warriors too.
I prayed to the moon goddess for everyone to be okay and that was when it all started.
Alysia sent a black ball towards me but I dodged it in time and sent lightning towards her, sending her against the shield. She stood up almost immediately and sent another ball my way. Our game of throwing and dodging continued for a while until one of her balls hit me in the chest, making me fall close to where Serena and Fay were supporting each other.
“Lola!!” Fay screamed and tried to come towards me but I held up a hand to her to quiet her down. Serena held her back and nodded at me, she must have understood what I was trying to do, she had full knowledge of how capable I was after all.
“Is that all you’ve got, bitch?” Alysia asked with a smirk but I just laughed at her. “The real question should be “is that all you can do?” I mocked. She got enraged and looked like she wanted to rip my head off.
She threw balls after balls of her magic towards me but I managed to dodge all of them until the last one hit me, making me fall again. She ran towards me and tried to choke me.
She laughed maniacally as she cut off my oxygen supply. “Can’t do anything now, can you?” She screamed in my face. I looked her dead in the eyes till she dropped her hands from my neck and stood up abruptly.
The space became dead silent as everyone wondered what was going to happen next. She looked towards Damon and slowly walked towards him. Serena must have gotten triggered because the next event happened before anyone could say a word.
Serena stood up and moved towards Alysia with tears running down her cheeks, anger and anguish evident in her eyes.
“For every good thing you took from me”, she said before putting her hand through her chest and pulling out her heart that was still beating. She kept murmuring under her breathe till the heart caught fire and Alysia’s body started spasming on the floor till she caught on fire and vanished into thin air.
Serena fell down to the ground, her hands shaking as she sobbed uncontrollably. I crawled towards her and held her to me, completely forgetting that we were in the middle of a war.
“It’s okay, Serena. It’s okay”, I whispered into her ears till she calmed down.
“Lola, watch out”, Adrian shouted. I turned just in time for a bleeding Fay to fall into my laps.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 172
Lola’s POV
“Lola, watch out”, Adrian shouted.
I turned and caught a bleeding Fay in my lap. She was struggling to breath and held her shaky fingers to my face. “Yo….you m ….made it out alive and w…welll. We’re fi….fi…nally go….go…ing t…t…to win this war. I…I’m….I’m s…s….so ha…hap….py”. She said while tears streamed down her face and I shook my head.
“Why did you do that, Fay?” I said with a shaky voice. We could have won without you losing your life. That was supposed to be my sacrifice, I thought to myself while sobbing.
I looked up when I heard a gasp and Damon stood there with a livid look in his eyes, but there was also fear and panic in them. He dropped the knife in his hands noisily on the floor and started raking his hands through his hair. “Stupid bitch, I shouldn’t have brought her. I should have left her back as planned. Fuck!!” He kept cursing and pacing while everyone looked at him like he had lost his mind.
He suddenly rushed towards us and held me by the collar of my clothes. “You’re the cause of all these”, he spat angrily in my face. “If you hadn’t been a stuck up bitch that thinks she’s better than me, we wouldn’t be in this dilemma. This bitch would have died and all ties would have been cut. You ruined everything”, he shouted and started going crazy.
I dropped the shield to see all the creatures on the floor, it was only what was left of the war troop that was standing. Adrian pulled a frantic Damon off me and they started fighting again.
I stood up and two warriors came over to me to help carry Serena and Fay. “To the pack clinic. Now!” I ordered with tears running down my cheeks and they were lifted off the ground and carried towards the pack clinic.
“Adrian”, I called and he gave me a sad smile, “I’ll be with you shortly”, he replied and I knew what that meant. Damon wasn’t getting out of it alive. Too bad I couldn’t stick around to watch him get pulled apart for all he has done.
We got to the pack clinic and the pack doctor was already waiting for us. Serena and Fay were rushed into different rooms but I followed them into the one Fay was rushed into.
Her breathing had slowed down drastically and it was obvious she was barely holding onto life. “Stay with me, Fay. Please”, I pleaded as tears ran down my face.
She was placed on the bed and reached out her hands to me. “There’s no point in saving me, Lola”, she whispered but I shook my head.
“Shut your mouth and allow the doctors to do their work. You’re the reason I was able to get out of there alive, you had no business giving up your life for me the second time”, I sobbed. “I was meant to die, it was me. Why would you do that?” I asked her.
“There’s no hope for me anyway”, she breathed out and coughed violently afterwards. “I can’t find another mate after him. No one will want me, Lola. Leaving a life of loneliness and isolation isn’t something I wish for”, she struggled to get out as tears streamed down her face. 1
I hugged her and sobbed on her chest. She just wanted to have her own person but went about it the wrong way. She didn’t deserve all she went through.
An idea popped up in my head but Jasmine had other ideas.
“No, no, you can’t do that, Lola. It is very dangerous and we might lose our life in the process. We’re not sure if you can even do it. What if we both lose our lives in the process? We already won the war without dying, let’s just be careful”, she pleaded.
“We can’t just allow someone else to die in our stead, Jas. She saved us”, I argued. “She also betrayed us”, she snapped. “And came through for us when we least expected it. Be fucking for real, Jasmine”, I shouted through our mindlink.
I held Fay’s hands and closed my eyes after taking a deep breath. I imagined I was in a field that had different flowers. I passed different shades of flowers, which represent different areas of her being and looked around for the one that signifies being joined to another soul.
I found a garden of lotus flowers. There were white lotus flowers but they were being tainted by withered lotus flowers and it was only a matter of time before the remaining lotus flowers wilted away.
I plucked out the wilted flowers and watched them dissipate into thin air. I placed my hands over the lotus flower and watched it become prettier and healthier.
I suddenly felt like my chest was being pricked by a thousand needles and got pulled back into the real world. I took a deep breath and my legs gave out under me, making me fall to floor.
Fay sobbed and trued to reach me but she was held by the doctor. “You are still healing, Fay”, he said but she kept struggling.
I held her hands and managed to stand up. “What did you do, Lola?” She asked. I gave her a weak smile and she shook her head.
“You deserve a second chance, Fay”, I told her while I tried to wipe her tears but she kept on crying. “No, no, I…..”, she tried to speak but I shook my head at her.
I felt my energy depleting and left the room on wobbly legs. I slowly made my way through the clinic hallways with the sole aim of locating Serena.
I smelled them before I could see them. Just when my legs couldn’t carry me forward anymore, Adrian caught me before I could fall. Lyla,Avianca and Nathan were also there.
“Lola, baby, what’s wrong?” Adrian asked me, concern written all over his face. I cupped his face and tried to smoothen his wrinkle.
“You’re going to age fast if you keep frowning like this”, I told him. “What did you do, Lola?” Lyla was the one who asked.
“Come on, not you too, Lyl. It’s not good for the baby”, I reached out my hand to her and she knelt beside me, tears already gathering in her eyes.
“I did what I had to do, guys”, I said weakly, slowly feeling myself slipping away. “Adrian, I……”, and that was when the darkness took over.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 173
Adrian’s POV
She didn’t finish her sentence before she fainted. I carried her without missing a beat and ran into one of the wards.
“I don’t care what you guys do, bring her back to consciousness”, I barked out using my Alpha tone and all the doctors scurried to work. I held her hands the whole time and could slowly feel her heartbeat slowing down with every passing moment.
Please stay with me, Lola. Please save her, Selene, I prayed to the moon goddess as she was being attended to. I couldn’t bear the thought of losing her also. It was already heavy for me to have lost my mom because of my carelessness, I wouldn’t be able to handle the thought of also losing her because of my negligence.
After she left the war zone, I had this persistent feeling to follow her and make sure she was okay but I ignored and focused on the bastard in front of me.
“I’m going to kill you, I’m going to kill all of you”, he shouted with a crazed look in his eyes even when it was so obvious that he was overpowered and outnumbered.
Some warriors rushed forward to capture him, but I raised my hands up to stop them. “He’s mine”, I said in a tone that seemed strange to my ears.
Even when he knew he wasn’t getting out of it alive, he had the look of determination in his eyes. That bastard, Daxon snarled in my head, I’ll scoop his eyes and feed them to him.
“I’ll make sure that I burn all of you and your stupid packs to the ground”, he screamed as he ran towards me with the knife he stabbed Fay with.
Just when he was going to stab me, I maneuvered my body to the side and gave him a fatal punch to his throat. He choked on his saliva and waved the knife in all directions. He came at me again but I stabbed him.
He fell to the ground but I kept stabbing him even when he choked on his own blood. I kept stabbing him even when I could no longer hear nor feel him breathing.
For mom. Stab. For my little sis. Stab. For Dad. Stab. For Lola’s parents. Stab. For her little brother. Stab. For everything he has ever done to cause pain to the packs I rule over. Stab. Stab. Stab. Stab.
“Hey, hey man. He’s dead now. It’s over”, Nathan said as he pulled me off him. I looked at his battered body but I wasn’t sated. “I shouldn’t have allowed him to die easily”, I said as I pulled at the root of my hair. “He deserves a worse and slower death. He deserves to beg to die”.
“It’s over now and your people need you. Rose does too”, he said calmly. That was when I remembered that mom hasn’t been buried yet. 1
I stood up and cleaned my hands on my clothes, not that it hadn’t been stained initially. “What do we do with the bodies, Alpha?” One of the warriors asked.
“Burn them. Every single one of them”, I ordered. “Where is Lola?” I asked Nathan and he nodded towards the pack clinic.
I was slowly making my way over when I felt her heart rate spike through our mindlink, her energy slowly draining from her.
“Where’s Lyla and Avianca?” I asked as I picked up the pace at which I was walking. “On their way to the clinic. They went there right after Luna left with Serena and Fay.
I nodded my head at him and started running towards the clinic, with him on my heels.
Please, be okay, baby. Please. I pleaded to whatever god was listening. I couldn’t lose another one today, I don’t think I’ll be able to pull through it.
When I got to the clinic, her scent was barely noticeable and that made me even more agitated. Just when I thought I was going to go crazy, I saw Avianca and Lyla coming out of a room.
“Lyla, Avianca”, I called out in my Alpha voice and they turned to look at me. “Have you seen her?” she asked the same time I asked “where is Lola?”
“She went with Fay, she’s probably still with her. We just came out of Serena’s room”, Avianca said Lyla nodded. “A nurse told us what room she went and we were heading there before you came”, she continued.
“Lead the way ladies”, I said, “And Serena? How’s she?” I asked no one in particular. “She’s stable right now but still unconscious”, Lyla replied.
I couldn’t help but notice the way Nathan has moved in front of me and protectively pulled his mate into his side. My heart constricted and I hoped my mate was fine and I was just being paranoid.
Just as we rounded a corner, I saw a headfull of white hair and ran to her. I caught her just in time or she would have fallen to the floor.
Her skin was very pale and her heartbeat seemed to be slowing with every passing second which scared me to hell. She was about to say something else to me when she blacked out.
Two hours after I was thrown out of that room, I still haven’t gotten any feedback from the doctors and nurses carrying everything in and out of her room.
Our bond was hanging on by just a strand and that strand was growing weak by the moment.
Please, save her. Please, save her. I can’t lose her too, I can’t lose her again. I can’t.
I placed my hands on my head as I paced up and down. The doctor soon came out and I got my answer as I looked at his face.
“You better get back in there and bring her back to life. She’s your Luna and you won’t save her? Don’t make me repeat myself”, I said calmly, which shocked even me.
“She didn’t make it, Alpha”, he shook his head as tears gathered in his eyes too. I ignored him and walked into the room to find her as still as a log of wood.
I fell to my knees and howled painfully. How am I supposed to continue living life?
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 174
Adrian’s POV
“What the fuck are you kneeling and howling on the floor for?” Lyla questioned as she walked past me and went to where Lola was lying still.
“Lola, these people are calling you dead but I know you’re not. So what, if your skin has lost all colors? It doesn’t matter, right? You’re Lola Ashton, the moon wolf. Girl, you survived worse and they dare to think this will unalive you. Stupid people, right?” Lyla continued conversing with her like she was still very much alive.
“Lyla, she’s no more”, Avianca sniffled as she spoke from somewhere in the room. “No, Avianca, no!” She screamed.
“You are all getting in the way of having a very peaceful discussion with my bestie. I’ll really appreciate it if you can all keep quiet and not disturb her peace. She’s sleeping, she’s sleeping, okay? She’ll wake up in a minute and we’ll all go back to being a very happy pack”, she said with a tight smile.
“She promised me. She said she was going to come back safe and sound, she said she will be my baby’s godmother. Avianca, she promised to give my child a friend too, she can’t die”, she said dejectedly, realization already setting in for her.
“She can’t be dead. That’s not fair,it’s totally not okay for her to lose her life like that”, she started crying at that point while holding onto Lola’s hands.
“Nathan, can you get the ladies out of the room please? I need time alone”, I said slowly. “I…..I want to be by her side, please. Please, don’t throw me out”, Lola cried but her mate led her out. 1
After the door had closed behind me, I allowed my tears to fall freely. I crawled towards her bed and held her hands in mine, silently praying that she’ll at least wake and hold my hands again.
“I shouldn’t have allowed you to come to the clinic alone, especially with Fay injured. Your heart is too pure but you could have been selfish for us. For me, Lola. You’re supposed to be my support through losing mom but now I’ve lost you too. None of this is fair, none of it”, I cried into her chest and placed my head right where her heart was.
It was faint but I swear that I heard her heart beating at the same time our mindlink started thrumming slightly with life. I held her hands tighter, expecting color to start returning to her skin or at least, the temperature of her body should change but it was still the same thing.
I was about to check again when the door opened and a scent I haven’t smelled in a while hit me. “Adrian”, Fay said softly and I had to take a deep breath before I faced her.
“Fay”, I greeted back. “I didn’t know what she wanted to do, I swear. I was willing to give my life for her and just leave this world in peace. Most of this wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t been a bitch and I’m sincerely sorry, Adrian, I am”, she cried.
“I was almost sure that I was going to die. It wasn’t until a few days ago that I knew the part I had to play to stop Damon. I was lost on why he didn’t kill me immediately even when he caught me when I helped Lola escape. He kept me alive and would constantly said he needed me or he would have killed me. He never allowed me anywhere alone, made Alysia do a magic that kept me from my wolf, barely gave me enough to eat. I was losing it and the only place I found solace was in the library”.
She took a moment to gather herself before she continued narrating her story. “It wasn’t until I stumbled upon the prophecy again that I realized. In their own library, pack members were the villain and they glorified all the horrible things they did”.
“The reason Damon couldn’t kill me was that our souls were bonded from the moment we met and the only way he could break it without dying was by mating with the one he wants to spend the rest of his life with, that is Lola”, she sobbed.
“If I died, he’d die too. That was why I got in the way when he wanted to stab her. It would have been a success if she hadn’t done whatever she did when we got to the clinic. I’m sorry, Adrian, I’m so sorry”, she fell onto the floor and started weeping uncontrollably.
I stood up and went to where she was. I held out a hand to her which she took and stood up, tears streaming down her cheeks. I surprised her and myself when I hugged her, making her cry harder.
“I’m glad you’re alive, Fay. Thank you for saving her. Twice”, I told her and she stepped back and shook her head. “I didn’t save her. I couldn’t save her. I’m sorry that I couldn’t save her”, she sniffled. 1
“You did. Because of you, I was able to spend her last days together with her, doing what we loved. You saved her when you helped her escape and you also saved her when you took the knife for her. She gave herself up, you didn’t make her do it. You know by now that you can’t make her do whatever she doesn’t want to do”, I smiled at her and she nodded with a watery smile.
“I’ll be leaving the pack”, she suddenly said. “Why? You’re always welcome here, Fay. This is your home, why are you leaving?” I asked her, genuinely concerned for her.
“I don’t have my wolf anymore, Adrian. I will fit in with the humans. She gave me a fresh start and I owe it to her to love right this time around”, she said and I nodded.
“If you ever need to come back home, Crescent moon is always open to you”, I told her and we hugged one more time before she walked out of the room.
I walked back to Lola’s side and she looked like she was almost smiling. Our mindlink was still thrumming slightly and that made me make a decision right there.
I went to the doctor and did every necessary thing I had to do. I just know that she’s alive. She has to be.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 175
Lola’s POV
Jasmine! Jasmine, can you hear me? Please, say something. Anything? Jasmine!!!
I shouted into the black void around me but I got nothing in response. I had been in this void for God knows how long. At first, I thought Jas was drained from whatever drained our magic and would be back to me in no time but I was wrong.
She’s been silent for an awfully long period of time and I was starting to get paranoid. I thought I was going to wake up in the garden but imagine my panic when I woke up in a void. I had trekked until my body could no longer carry me and had fallen.
I had slept and woke up in the void and there was still no Jasmine nor sign of life. I slept on the floor feeling tired and curled into myself.
Adrian. My chest hurt when I thought of him. How was he holding up? I didn’t even say a proper goodbye to Rose. How would Lyla and Avianca be feeling? I really wished I had met her baby at least. I had lost everything, even my wolf.
If only I had let bygone be bygone and left Fay when she told me to.
“Yes, yes, you should have. There was no point in saving her. She almost killed your mate once and had always been against you in the Crdaescent moon pack. What if she’s with Adrian now? She was his chosen mate, after all”, a voice rasped in my head, jolting me into a sitting position.
“Jasmine? Is that you?” I asked cautiously. “Tch, as if”, the voice replied before cackling and moving farther away from me. I scrambled on my feet and went after the sound.
“Who the fuck is playing with me?” I shouted, scared and frustrated. Can anyone hurt the dead? Am I even dead? “Show yourself if you dare”, I said into the void, looking around to see if anyone would come out from the darkness.
Even if they did, would I be able to see them? I laughed at this question and sat on the floor. My laughter soon turned into tears and I just sat there, sobbing uncontrollably.
“But you did the right thing”, a softer voice sang this time around and I sat up, looking around for where it came from. “You knew she wasn’t supposed to die and you saved her. You didn’t allow your heart desires to win, you didn’t allow your selfishness to get in the way and your pure heart is what is going to save you”, the soft voice said.
“While I know what you’re talking about, why can’t I see you? Who am I even talking to?” I asked but got no answer. I sighed and was about to give up when I was suddenly blinded by a bright light.
I shielded my eyes and blinked a few time to adjust to the light. When I finally opened my eyes, I was in a throne room made of gold, everything in the room shone and looked magnificent.
My attention was grabbed by the three mythical being that sat on the thrones in front of the room. I’ve heard about the Moirai, also known as the Fates but I never thought I’d meet them so soon.
Above Clothos throne on the right was a spinner which represents what she does. Lachesis has a measuring tape above hers and Atropos has a sword above hers.
There were different shelves of clocks, probably depicting the life span of everybody. I was amazed and afraid at the same time. Why was I here and not just sent back to the garden?
“Why am I here?” I asked when the silence was getting unbearable for me, the sisters seemed to be perfectly comfortable sitting in the silence.
“Lola, welcome to the in-between”, Clothos said to me and smiled but I didn’t feel at ease one bit. The in-between? That means I’m neither dead nor alive. I didn’t know if that was also bad news or good news.
Well, it might be. If my time isn’t up and I’m sent back, I get to be with my pack and my mate. If I cross over, I get to be with my parents and brother. Either way, it was looking to be good news for me.
“We’re confused on whether to allow you to cross over or send you back to your mate”, Clothos said. “I say we make her cross over”, Atropos said, “she gave up her life when she could have stayed alive. Why not help her finally and help her move on to the other side?” She asked with a huff and crossed her arms over her chest.
“Atropos, we already discussed this”, Lachesis reprimanded her. “I’m so sorry about my sister, Lola. You’re here because you’ve been selfless and deserve a chance to pick which direction you want to go”, she concluded her sentence.
“It might be a very hard decision to make but your heart will guide you”, Clothos spoke up.
Some sort of screen surrounded by flames opened up in front of me and I saw my mate, Lyla, Avianca and Nathan. They seemed fine to me. Lyla was carrying a bundle in her hands and everyone flocked her. Adrian was distanced from them a bit but he’s always been one to keep to himself.
“She….she gave birth already?” My breath caught in my throat as I took in the baby who looked like the splitting image of her mother with her fiery red hair. My eyes watered and I sniffled severally to keep my tears in.
“Just how much time has gone since I left them?” I asked no one in particular as I fixated my eyes on the screen. “She’s beautiful. My beautiful goddaughter “, I whispered and tried to touch the screen but my hand went through it.
The scene soon changed and it was Adrian checking a picture of us together and crying, but that wasn’t what made me shocked. Beside him on the bed was me laying lifeless and dressed. He held my hand like I was still with him and continued to cry which broke my heart into pieces.
Why was I selfish? How could I cause him so much pain? How is my body still so fresh?
“Why is he holding onto me?” I asked in a broken voice. “Why won’t he let go? He should stop punishing himself like this and move through life while he can”, I fell onto the floor and started sobbing uncontrollably without taking my eyes off the screen.
He doesn’t deserve to go through so much.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 176
Lola’s POV
“I’ll go back”, I said without hesitation. “You choose to go back?” Clothos asked and I nodded my head. “You don’t want to talk to your parents at all? Rose and Jayden are at the other side too. We know you’ve been dying to say some things to your parents and also meet your brother. Are you sure that is your last decision?” She asked again and I nodded.
“You’re right”, I said and noticed a big smile on Atropos face, “I’ve been dying to see them and even speak to them”. “But?” Lachesis asked, “I can feel a but coming”, she said and I nodded slowly.
“But I might be able to meet them later, when my time is finally up. I also doubt that they would want me to pick them when I can be very happy with my mate. As much as I’d love to talk to them and see them, my mate comes first”.
“I know that his life will be cut short due to the fact that our wolves mated and are bound together and I don’t want that to happen”, I looked back at the screen and my heart broke watching him break down like that over my lifeless body.
“I’d love to go back, please”, I gave them a watery smile and saw Atropos huffed while the other two smiled back at me.
“You made the right choice, Lola. I knew that your good heart will always lead you in the right direction”, Lachesis said. “You guys should have just allowed me to cut the length of her life. Hades is gonna be pissed that we sent one of his newcomers back”, she said with a roll of her eyes.
“I was going to HELL” I asked with wide eyes. Clothos rolled her eyes, Lachesis pinched the bridge of her nose while Atropos just looked smug.
That bitch!
“She was the one toying with me when I was in the dark void too?” I asked and her smile got wider. “It was fun getting you startled and frustrated”, she smiled and I rolled my eyes.
“Can I leave now?” I asked, completely ignoring Atropos. “Yes, you can but you earned one more thing”, Clothos smiled at me.
I was about to ask when I got dizzy and nearly lost my footing. I closed my eyes briefly and when I opened them, I was in Selene’s garden.
“You were supposed to take me back to my mate”, I shouted into the garden but the response I got almost made me kneel.
“Pumpkin”, a soft voice that I’ll recognise anywhere said. “Rose?” I turned around slowly, worried that I might be hallucinating.
She was…….complete. She stood there like the Rose I know, not what I saw that remained of her before the war happened. “Rose. You……you are okay”, I ran towards her to hug her but I just passed through her. “Pumpkin”, she said softly, “you can’t touch me. You’re still living”. I broke down in tears at the realization of what was happening.
“But….but, I just want to hug you one last time”, I sniffled as I spoke. “Listen Rose, we should have told you that it wasn’t Serena that was in the house. I shouldn’t have endangered you by leaving you all alone with that psycho. I shouldn’t have left the house, I had no business at the pack house that day, I just didn’t want to be in the house with her. I didn’t know she had such intentions”, I cried.
“If only I hadn’t been a coward and faced her head on. If only I had realized what we had to do sooner. If only……”, I couldn’t finish my sentence and cried harder.
“Child, none of these was your fault. I’m very glad you put them in their place and saved all our people. You did well, Lola, and I am so proud”, she smiled and I returned the gesture with one of my watery ones.
“There are some people you should meet also. You’ll be very glad to see them”, she said as she clapped happily. I looked around eagerly since I know the people she will be introducing to me.
Three people suddenly emerged in front of me and I didn’t need to touch my face to know that tears were running down my face. They were tears of joy and my heart felt like it was going to burst from joy. 1
I didn’t need to be told that they were my parents and brother, the joy I felt from staring at them was enough for me.
“Mom, Dad”, I whispered, afraid to blink or breathe too loudly so that I won’t chase them away. “Lola”, my mom called out, her voice sounding like music to my ears.
“I’m so glad that you turned out well, my special wolf. I’m so sorry you had to go through all that you did in your former pack. We had no idea that they were going to turn on you like that. You’re a very strong and smart girl, we couldn’t have brought you up better”, she said, tears shining brightly in her eyes.
“I can’t believe I get to meet you after all these years. How has it been up here for you? Are you guys okay? And my brother, my brother, is he fine?” I said in one breath, overwhelmed by the emotions running through me.
“You’re amazing, my daughter”, Dad said and I sat down on the grass, weeping profusely from joy, wishing that I could hold them just once.
A beautiful baby giggled in my mom’s heart, pulling at my heartstrings. I guess you get stuck in the form in which you die, which is a relief because he wouldn’t face any grown up problems. He can live with his innocence forever.
“It’s time you go back, my special wolf”, Mom smiled as she spoke, “you’ve kept your mate waiting enough”.
“Make sure that you spend a very long time on earth with Adrian. I hope you build a very happy family and happy life with him”, Rose said from where she’s been standing, silently watching my interactions with parents.
Jayden was standing beside her too. “Alpha”, I called out and he smiled at me. “Now, now, don’t keep him waiting”, he said. The scenery changed and I was back in the Fate sisters throne room. Clothos and Lachesis gave me pitiful smiles while Atropos remained neutral.
“Thank you for allowing me to meet them”, I thanked them with a smile and they all nodded at me.
“We wish you a happy life with your mate and your pack”, they said in unison. A portal opened at the right side of their throne room and they gestured towards it.
Just when I was about to enter the portal, Atropos said something that left me baffled. “Oh, and one more thing, congratulations”, then the portal pulled me in.
I took a deep breath like I had just been underwater and when I opened my eyes, I was back in our room.
Well, hello Earth.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 177
Adrian’s POV
“Is everything ready?” I asked Avianca who nodded before giving orders to her mate that was standing nearby. “For moon’s sake, Lucy, I told you not to put that there”, she shouted at her mate who looked confused.
I shook my head at their antics and went to the pack garden where things were being set up. Everything looked ready for tonight’s ceremony and nothing could make me happier.
“Time flies”, Daxon said and I nodded. “It sure does, buddy, it sure does”, I agreed before sighing and putting my hands in the pocket of my trousers.
“Hey man”, Nathan said as he came up behind me and gently patted my shoulder, “you okay there?” He asked and I nodded with a small smile.
“I’ve never been better”, I replied before turning to the little bundle of joy in his arms, a sharp pain stinging my heart at the thought of what could have been.
“Our mindlink still vibrates with life, remember? And her body hasn’t decayed either. We still have a chance, Adrian. I’m sure she’ll come back to us”, Daxon tried to soothe me.
“You’re right, buddy. We still have our forever to wait for her”, I said, hoping to convince myself.
“Hi, Lola”, I smiled at the beautiful child who looked exactly like her mother. She smiled at me and I blinked severally to keep the tears away. She would have been thrilled to have a mini version of Lyla named after her.
“You’re still not going to hold her? It’s been 3 months, bro”, Nathan said but I shook my head. “I love your daughter, no doubt but I can’t bring myself to pick her up”, I told him and he nodded in understanding.
Lyla went into labor after I told them to leave the room and when I was busy putting things into place to transfer Lola’s body to our room, she gave birth to her daughter.
When I went to see her, she named her Lola which made me feel like I’d be accepting that she’s no more if I ever held the baby. The only Lola I want to hold is my mate and I wouldn’t go against what I stand for.
I explained to Nathan and he understood why I wouldn’t pick up his child. I wouldn’t have gotten through those 3 months without him and I was definitely grateful to him. 1
“What are you boys doing standing around? The ceremony is in 4 hours and you’re not getting ready yet?” Lyla said as she came into view, her hand on her waist.
“We’re guys, we don’t need 4 hours to get ready”, Nathan replied to her as he placed a quick kiss on her lips to which she smiled.
“Adrian here needs to sleep. He has been in the pack house since yesterday and I’m sure he didn’t sleep a wink. We don’t want you falling asleep on us when we start the ceremony”, she said and I rolled my eyes.
“Oh please, Lyla. I’ve been through worse and I’m still standing”. It was her turn to roll her eyes at me. “Just because you’ve been through worse doesn’t mean you have to go through this too”, she said.
“You can go home now to rest while we finish up here. You should also check up on her, it’s her 19th birthday after all”, she said, her voice breaking towards the end and I nodded.
“Yeah, yeah, I should”, I said as I patted Nathan on his shoulder, “I’ll be back before you know it”. With that I left the pack house.
I had almost gotten home when Daxon started getting restless and our bond began to vibrate with more life than it did before.
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” I asked him and he hummed in agreement. I picked up pace and ran the rest of the way to our home.
I took a deep breath before I opened the door to the house. It has never been the same since I lost her and mom. I barely stayed in the house during the day and at night, I stay up watching her for any sign of life.
The air in the house felt different when I opened the door, but I couldn’t quite place my fingers on what was different.
I made my way to our room and gently pried the door open. My heart almost stopped when I couldn’t find her body. I opened the door fully and burst into the room frantically searching for her.
I opened the bathroom door, almost tearing it off its hinge but it was empty. My heart started beating erratically, the sound of my heartbeat tuning out everything else.
Where could she have gone? Damon is dead, who could have taken her while I was away? What if I lost her forever? What if…..? “Adrian. Are you okay?” The angelic voice that I had waited to hear for three months reached my ears. “Lo….. Lola?” I stuttered and blinked severally to be sure that I wasn’t in a dream and she was really in front of me.
“I haven’t been transported into an alternate universe, right?” I asked and she laughed, the soft sound bringing a smile to my face.
“Of course not, dummy”, she tapped the bridge of my nose with her index finger and electricity zapped through me at the contact.
“Yup, definitely our mate”, Daxon said happily in my head. I pulled her into a hug and sobbed into her shoulder, startling both of us.
“I thought I lost you forever. I thought I was being delusional and you were not going to come back to me. I’m so sorry I wasn’t able to protect you from everything. I….. I’m….. I really……”, my rambling was cut short when she placed a chaste kiss on my lips.
“None of what happened was your fault, Adrian. No matter the outcome, I already knew how it was going to end”, she said and I looked at her in confusion.
“What does that even mean, baby? I should have protected you, I promised to”, I tried to argue but she shook her head. “No, Adrian”.
“Selene had already told me that I have to give my life to save all of the pack wolves”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 178
Lola’s POV
The look on his face when he took in what I said broke me but I had to clear the air, to make him stop blaming himself and make me free from the guilt of keeping such away from him.
“You purposely have your life up because it was all part of the big plan?” He asked and I nodded, hoping that he would understand why I had to do that.
“So when you asked me to allow our wolves to mate, you already knew what you were doing?” He asked and I nodded my head.
“When you went away with Fay and Serena to the clinic, you already knew what you were going to do?” I nodded my head again.
“Why?” That one sentence carried so much pain that I could feel my heart breaking again.
“It was to save all of us, Adrian. I was chosen for that purpose. I couldn’t bear losing all of you just to save myself, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself. I’m so sorry, Adrian, I’m so sorry”, I cried as I spoke.
He pulled back from me and stood up, tears streaming down his face. “You could have told me, Lola”, he said with evident hurt on his face and in his voice.
“But….”, I tried to speak but he held up his finger in the universal “not a word” signal, so I kept quiet.
“We were supposed to share everything with each other. I thought you were just worried because of the responsibility on you. I tried everything to make you feel better, I did everything to show you that I was on your side, I made sure you knew you could trust me and what? You kept such a huge amount of information from me?” Tears streamed down my face as he spoke because all he said was correct.
“We’re making him cry”, Jasmine whimpered sadly in my head. Yes, Jasmine came back. Apparently, she was sleeping while I was in the void. What we did with Fay was very powerful since only the moon goddess was supposed to interfere with the affairs of mates and their bonds. I was lucky I survived it at all.
“It was so hard to live with myself. It was so hard to wait, hoping and praying that you’ll come back to me. All I had was that faint vibration in our bond, Lola”, he screamed and moved away from me.
“How could you think that was okay?” He said before turning his back to me.
“But I’m back, Adrian. We can just forget any of these happened and live with each other peacefully”, I tried to reason with him.
“Forget it? We should just forget it? Being here doesn’t automatically erase the pain I felt when you were not here. I thought I failed you, not knowing that you already knew the outcome”, he raised his voice at me.
“You chose the day Mom left me to leave too. Did you think of how hard it must have been for me?” He kept talking.
“For 3 months, I refused to carry Nathan’s child. I thought holding her and acknowledging another one with your name would seal the fact that you’re gone and you’re never coming back”.
“I was supposed to be her godfather and I had barely bonded with her. You know why? I was a fucking coward who didn’t want to admit that you were no more. And I’m supposed to just forget?” He shouted, panting heavily before sitting on the bed.
I stood up from where I was still sitting on the floor and moved to sit beside him on the bed. I slowly wrapped my arms around him and held him close to my chest, thanking the moon goddess when he gave in and didn’t flinch from me.
“You know what? You’re right”, I sniffled before I continued speaking. “I was selfish and inconsiderate. I thought I was doing everyone a favour by not staying alive. I thought that everyone will be automatically saved once I lost my life”.
“I should have trusted you. I should have been with you after you lost Rose. I didn’t want to leave you, I swear to the moon, I thought I might be able to beg the Fates to untie our destiny so that you won’t have to leave the world so soon”.
“I’m so sorry. I’m really sorry”, I cried as I held him. We stayed like that for a while just crying and breathing in the smell of each other.
“No more secrets between us, okay? I want to share all of my life problems and joy with you with nothing standing between us”, he looked up and cupped my cheeks to which I nodded.
“No more secrets”, I nodded and brought his lips to mine, electricity crackling through me at being in close contact with him.
“This feels so good, Adrian. I never want to have to stay away from you again”, I murmured into our kiss and he hummed in agreement.
He pulled back, making me whimper needily. “Why did you stop?” I whined and he chuckled lightly. “Let me etch every part of you into my memory. I never want to have to let go off any part of you”, he whispered as he gently stroked my cheeks. “You’re so beautiful”, he whispered. Before I could say anything else, he covered my mouth with his and lifted me onto his laps.
Our making out was interrupted by a shrill sound and Adrian groaned in anger. He stomped over to where his phone was lying on the floor, probably from when he was sitting down there, and picked it up.
“I swear to God, you better have a good reason for calling me now or I will……”, he started speaking but was cut off by the other voice on the line.
“Thank God you’re okay”, Nathan said, sounding relieved. “I was not able to reach you through the mindlink and I felt you getting stressed for a while before it got cut off. Are you fine? Is everything alright with Lola? I mean not okay okay but you get what I mean”, he took a deep breath before he continued speaking.
“Do you want me to come over?” He asked after a while but Nathan shook his head. “No, man, I’ll be over in a few”.
“Are you sure?”
“Without a doubt, man”, he said. He was about to hang up when he spoke again. “And Nathan?”
“Yeah?” Nathan replied. “I have a surprise for the whole pack”. With that, he hung up the phone and eagerly came to hold my hand.
“I got distracted for a while but I have something to show you”, he said excitedly like a kid that was taken into a candy store.
He led me into the walk-in closet and my jaw dropped when I saw what he pointed at.
“Happy 19th birthday, my Queen”.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 179
Lola’s POV
“Oh my goddess”, I whispered but he heard it anyway. “Do you like it?” He asked and I nodded.
“Like is an understatement, I love it so much”, I hugged him and buried my face into his chest. I never want to be away from this man again.
I turned away from him and gazed at the dress again. It was a very gorgeous blood red dress. What really got my attention was the intricate patterns used to design the upper part of the dress.
It was long sleeved but transparent which will allow my milky skin to be seen when I wear it. The bust was designed to not show my boobs while my stomach skin could also be seen through the dress. The lower part of the dress was mermaid style with a very long tail.
I could feel my confidence rise just looking at the dress. Hands wrapped me, pulling me impossibly close to him. He kissed the top of my head while I relaxed into his touch.
“Did you pick this out?” I asked him and he hummed his response. “How are you so perfect, young man?” I asked him with a giggle.
“The same way you’re the most amazing being on the planet”, he said and turned my body to face him. I cupped and brought his lips to meet mine.
It was supposed to be a very quick kiss to the lips but it escalated pretty fast. He wrapped one of his hands around my waist and gently parted my lips with his tongue.
I couldn’t resist his touch and wrapped my hands around his neck as I deepened the kiss. I moaned into his lips, eliciting a groan of pleasure from him.
“I almost forgot how perfect your body is against mine”, he pulled back from our kiss and said to me with a smile that sent my heart into an overdrive.
“How soon do we have to be at the pack house?” I asked him and he smirked. “In 2-3 hours, why do you ask?”
“Yup. Definitely have enough time”, I pulled him back to me and kissed him. My kiss held every of my emotions and desires and I could feel his too.
“Fuck”, he swore and pulled back again. Thinking I had done something wrong, I took a step back from him but he shook his head and pulled me closer.
“Don’t you pull away from me”, he growled slightly, his voice deepened an octave and I knew Daxon was trying to take control.
“You seem to be stressed about something”, I asked him when he finally gained control of his body back. “Do you need space?” I asked timidly and he growled in anger.
“Space? Why would I need space from you, baby?” He took a deep breath to calm himself before he spoke again. “I don’t ever want you to leave my presence again. I love you, Lola”.
I looked at him as I awaited the but, there was definitely something bugging him. “But I don’t think we have enough time for me to do all that I have in my head to you”, he whispered and put his forehead against mine.
“You’re so silly”, I laughed lightly and gently hit his chest. “There’s more than enough time and besides, the ceremony won’t start without us”, I tried to cajole him but he shook his head.
“You don’t want to know all the ways of disrespecting you I have conjured in my head”, he said before sending very graphic images of what he’d like to do to me. 1
I blushed crimson and hid my face in his chest. “Well, now I do”, I muttered and he laughed softly. “Now, we can both be tortured till the ceremony is over”.
“Let’s get dressed. You have me to yourself for a lifetime, our people shouldn’t be kept waiting”, he kissed my forehead before leaving the closet.
“I’ll use another room to get ready”, he shouted and I heard the door close after him. I walked over to my clothes and felt the fabric between my fingers and sighed dreamily.
I’ll just take a quick shower, I thought. “You literally showered like an hour ago,” Jasmine teased me. “That was to rid me of any smell before Adrian came back”, I huffed and she laughed.
“I’m glad we’re back”, she sighed dreamily after a while. “Me too, Jas, me too”.
I took a quick shower, if showering for 30 minutes can be called quick. I thoroughly scrubbed my body with my favorite scented soap and made sure I washed my hair till I was satisfied.
Humming happily, I twirled into the room. I did a happy dance as I dried my hair, styled it and applied a little make up. I giggled as I went to the closet to put on my dress. I was struggling with the zipper when Adrian came inside and helped me with it.
“You look so beautiful, Lola”, he placed a kiss on my mark as he spoke, sending shivers down my spine. “I love the dress so much. It’s perfect”, I turned to him with a grin.
“Not as perfect as you are”, he said. “Are you ready to go?” He asked and I nodded. With our fingers intertwined, he led us out of the house and into his car.
While he went around the car, I noticed that some things had changed in front of the house. The flowers I planted a while back with Rose had grown and made the house look more alive.
“Do you think everything can go back to the way it was?” I asked him when he came into the car. “Nothing was normal when you were not here”, he cupped my cheek with one hand, “this is normal, baby”.
I nodded my head and took a deep breath as he started the car. Here goes nothing.
My heart started running at miles per hour as we got closer to the pack house. Rose, Avianca, Nathan, all of their faces popped into my memory and I got nervous. 1
How is it going to be when I see them again? Is Lyla going to be mad at me? Will the whole pack just take me back?
“Stop thinking about it too much”, Adrian’s voice reached my ears. I looked up from my hands and realized we’ve gotten to the pack house.
“I’m here now. Is everybody in the garden already?” Adrian said from beside me. “You’ll see me in a minute”, he hung up the call. He must have been talking to Nathan.
“Everyone is waiting”, he said as he got out of the car and came over to my side to open the door for me. “Let’s get this show on the road”, he said with his boyish smile that melted my heart.
I nodded and took his hand before stepping out of the car. Be still my heart, I said to myself as we walked towards the door leading to the garden.
The doors opened, all eyes turned to us and we were greeted by pindrop silence.
Oh, well. That sure went well.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 180
Lola’s POV
The whole room turned to look at us and everywhere was silent, you could hear it if a pin dropped. I scanned everyone’s faces and saw quite the number of emotions.
Happiness, shock, amazement and the one that broke my heart, anger. Amidst everyone’s frozen state, her small body walked to me, anger radiating from every pore in her body.
“Lyla”, I said her name as I plastered a smile on my face. “Is the surprise you have for the whole pack?” She totally ignored me and faced Adrian who looked angry also.
“Yes, it is. Do you have a problem with that, Beta?” He said with his Alpha voice which made Lyla bow her head in submission. “Not at all, Alpha”, she said with spite and gave me a glare before she walked away from the garden towards the house.
“You shouldn’t have done that. Everybody deals with grief and emotions differently”, I chastised him through our mindlink but he just shrugged his shoulders. “I couldn’t stand the way she was trying to be rude to you”, he said and I rolled my eyes.
“I’ll be back”. With that, I walked in the direction I saw her go, not looking back to see what other pack members thought. I followed her scent and found her in her former room, no surprise there.
“Lyla”, I called out gently as I entered the room but she refused to answer me. “Are you mad at me for leaving abruptly?” I asked and she sniffled.
“You left without even saying proper goodbye”, she voiced out in a very small voice. “You know things like death do not come with a notice, right? I couldn’t have known”, I told her before going to sit beside her.
Before I could say another word, the door opened to reveal an upset Avianca. Oh goddess, I was so distracted by seeing Lyla upset that I forgot that Avianca must be upset too. What kind of friend am I?
“Avianca”, I made to stand up but she held her hand out to silence me. “I’ll just pretend like I’m not here, you can have your reunion without me”, she crossed her hands over her chest and leaned against the door.
“I had no say in if I was going to die or not. I wouldn’t have left you guys alone if I had the choice, you have to believe me”, I told them, my voice breaking towards the end as I tried not to cry.
“You had a choice, Lola”, Lyla said with a voice so calm, it scared me. A very loud and angry Lyla, I could take but I can’t stand her being so calm about things that hurt her. It is usually a bad sign.
“Yeah, Serena told us that you knew you were going to die. She told us that you could have lived if you hadn’t gone ahead to play hero and save Fay”, Avianca spoke up from where she was leaning by the door and I sighed.
I guess there’s no point in keeping it a secret, they already know everything.
“I couldn’t bring myself to tell anyone, I’m so sorry, guys”, I said in a small voice and Lyla scoffed. “You had different opportunities to tell me, to tell us, but you kept mute”, Lyla said, her voice rising with every word.
“You promised to be my daughter’s godmother, guess who wasn’t around when I gave birth to her. Because Adrian blamed himself for what happened to you everyday, he refused to touch my daughter for 3 months”, she was basically screaming at this point.
“He is her godfather. Do you know how much Nathan is hurt that his best friend avoids his daughter? Do you know how much your selfishness has cost us?” Tears were streaming down her cheeks as she screamed in my face.
I cried as I realised just how hurt everyone that matters to me was because of my selfishness. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry”, I kept on repeating while crying.
“I can’t even stay mad at you for long”, Avianca said before coming to wrap her hands around me. “I missed you so much. Every day that you were not here was a torture. Don’t ever do that again”, she cried into my neck and I hugged her back.
“Never, never again”, I smiled through my tears and we pulled back from each other. Lyla was still sitting away from us crying but I could see that her eyes had softened.
“Are you going to be mad at me forever? Even when I’m your daughter’s godmother?” I asked as I held my arms open for her. She rolled her eyes before she hugged me.
“I missed you so much”, she said in a small voice. “I want a hug too”, Avianca said before hugging us, making it a group hug. “Oh goddess, the ceremony. Everyone must be waiting for us”, Avianca exclaimed but Lyla just waved her off. “The star of the show is here, the ceremony isn’t going anywhere without her”.
“The ceremony is for me?” I asked in confusion and they both nodded. “It’s your 19th birthday, of course, Adrian threw a party for you. Eveb though no one knew you were going to come back to us today”, Lyla said and my heart swelled.
“We got the best man in the universe”, Jasmine said happily through our mindlink. We sure did.
“Let’s not keep the whole pack waiting then and I also have to see my goddaughter. She looks exactly like you, I can’t wait to hold her in my arms”, I said exactly.
“Did Adrian already tell you all about her? I knew he adored her every though he refused to carry her”, she clapped her hands together like she just discovered the biggest secret of the century.
“Not Adrian, the Fates showed me”, I laughed. “That’s not to be discussed now”, let’s get this show on the road, shall we?” I asked while fist pumping the air and we all cheered.
“Thank the moon that I left some make up around here, we all look like casts for a horror movie”, Lyla said and we all laughed about it.
We fixed our faces and stepped out of the room chattering amongst ourselves while they tried to catch me up on all that i missed.
I’m so glad I chose to come back.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 181
Adrian’s POV
“What” Nathan whisper-yelled at me once Lola left to go after Lyla. “What?” I asked him.
“Are you being serious right now? When you said you had a surprise for the pack, that was it?” He asked and I nodded. His eyes bulged out of their socket in astonishment and I know that he would have scratched his head if he wasn’t holding Lola.
“When did she wake up?” He asked as he gently rocked Lola that was starting to wake up in his arms. “She was already awake by the time I got back to the house”, I replied happily.
Lola started crying but Nathan was trying to talk to me and rock her at the time which was just not working since she started kicking harder.
“I think she needs to be fed” he muttered as he started pacing around lightly to pacify her. He gently placed her to his chest but she kept kicking. Her head rolled to my side and my heart hurt watching her cry.
I reached out a finger to her and she suddenly stopped crying and held onto my finger tightly like a lifeline. “Hi, cutie”, I cooed and she smiled, making my heart feel funny and fuzzy.
“Well, it’s high time you paid her attention. My angel can finally get her godfather’s care”, Nathan said. I looked up from her face and realised that he had stopped pacing.
“She’s perfect”, I told him before turning my attention back to her. My heart fluttered at the thought of having small versions of her running around in our house.
“Do you think I’ll be a great dad?” I blurted out before I could think too much about it. “Think? I know you’re going to be an awesome dad, Adrian”, he gently shifted Lola to one hand and gave me a pat on the back.
With those little fingers still wrapped around my large one, I motioned to Nathan that we should move towards the stage. As soon as we stepped on stage, the whole pack went silent and all attention was on me.
“Good evening, everyone”, I greeted and cleared my throat before I continued. “Tonight was supposed to be used to celebrate your Luna that gave her life to save one of us but it’s now a celebration to welcome her back into our midst”.
“It was hard to rule without her by my side, it was so damn hard”. “Language, man”, Nathan said and everyone laughed, including me.
“What I’m trying to say is that after those 3 months of navigating through life without her, she’s finally back and I hope we’ll all treat with the same respect and loyalty that you accord me as your Alpha”.
“Tonight, we celebrate not just our Luna’s 19th birthday but also her return to us from the brink of death. Let’s party away, people”, I bellowed with unbridled happiness and cheers of heartfelt happiness erupted from the crowd.
I looked towards the fingers still holding onto mine and my smile widened. “You need to get your mind out of the gutter, mate”, Daxon teased and I chuckled. “Don’t act like you don’t want it too”, I said and we both laughed.
The doors to the garden opened and my Queen walked in, flanked by Lyla and Avianca. She was smiling brightly as she walked up to me, happiness radiating from every pore of her body.
Her eyes caught my fingers that was in little Lola’s own and her eyes glistened slightly. “You finally touched her”, she said through our mindlink. “She clearly isn’t ready to let go”, I joked and we both laughed.
She walked on the stage, gave Nathan a side hug before she came to stand beside me. She cleared her throat and that single sound brought the pack to a standstill. Everybody held their breath as they waited for her to speak.
“The last 3 months must not have been easy for everyone, it definitely wasn’t all roses and chocolates before that either, but I thank everyone who participated in tackling the rogues and keeping all our packs safe. It is coming later than it should but you’re all amazing and nothing would have been possible without all of your help”, she said with a air of authority and charisma.
###Luna Lola – The Moon Wolf – Chapter 182
Whistles, cheers and claps erupted from the crowd. A few “it’s so good to see you back, Luna” were heard also.
“And to my favorite person in the world that never gave up on me despite everything”, she turned to me and cupped my cheek slightly, “I love you so much and thank you for never giving up on me”.
I pulled her close to me and kissed her which earned whistles and cheers from the pack members. “Let’s cheers to continue to be a pack that will work together to overcome all obstacles. And to leaders that will continue to lead its people with impartiality and love”.
The crowd clapped and we walked off the stage while everyone got the party going. Lola stood beside me and peered at the mini Lyla that was still in her father’s hands.
“Can I hold her?” she asked Nathan who nodded, a little too quick might I add. “Hi, Lola”, she cooed as she cushioned her head and held her to her chest.
“My name is Lola too and I’m your godmother”, she sniffled and smiled at her while baby Lola smiled back. “I’m sorry I missed your birth, we’re going to have so much fun together going forward”, she kept talking to her and the little one smiled wider like she understood what was happening.
“Thank goddess she’s back”, Nathan said beside me and I raised my eye brow at him in question. “You’ve been a shell of yourself for the past 3 months and not to mock a man that was mourning but you suck and was no fun at all”, he said and exhaled deeply.
“It feels good to let that all out”, he smiled at me before focusing his attention on the ladies in front of us. Lyla and Avianca soon joined us and the atmosphere was very nice.
I hope nothing disrupts this peace forever.
Lola’s POV
“I’m just going to get some fresh air”, I said to the group before moving out of the garden to the entrance of the pack house. “It’s so nice to be back”, I said to him and he came to stand beside me. The air was chilly but I felt okay with him by my side. He interlaced our fingers and kissed the back of my palm before putting our interlaced hands in his pants pocket. “This is my normal, I don’t want anything to change this”, he said after a while and I nodded.
The moon was high in the sky and everything was so peaceful save the noise that escaped from the garden. We just stood there in the moonlight, basking in each other’s presence.
“Why is your breathing pattern different? Are you fine?” He said out of the blues. “What?” I laughed and gently touched his shoulder, “I’m perfectly fine, I promise”.
He didn’t look convinced and shushed me. “Listen to your breathing pattern and tell me nothing is wrong with it”, he said. I went silent and listened attentively and that was when I noticed another faint stirring of heartbeat coming from me.
I was about to panic when Atropos words came to mind. I gasped and Adrian looked at me wide-eyed, panic evident in his eyes. “I’m fine, I really am but I think you’re going to be a dad”, I told him and watched him go from being afraid to being ecstatic. “You’re being serious right now?” He asked in disbelief and I nodded while laughing. “I’d never play with you like that”, I assured him.
He lifted me off the ground and spun me around before hugging me tightly to him. “I love you, Lola”, he placed a chaste kiss on my lips before kneeling down and placing his ear on my belly.
“You’re going to be the luckiest kid in the world. I’ll bring the world down for you and mommy if I have to, I promise”, he talked to my belly.
“Do you know that your mom is the most amazing person in the world? She……….”, he kept talking while I smiled and reminisced about how far I’ve come.
I’ll readily go through everything again of it means I get to experience this moment again.
I sighed and smiled as I stare up to the moon.
THE END………or not.
