###Chapter 1
Chapter 1 – Runaway Bride 
“You’ll just have to get Ariel pregnant immediately. That way she’ll be chained to you forever.” my fiancé’s father’s voice is cold, calculating. 
“She knows her place.” my fiancé replies. “She’ll fall in line and become a proper wife in short time.” 
My heart sinks when I realize that they’re talking about me – and not as a soon-to-be newlywed Princess, but just as…as some kind of surrogate. 
All my life I’ve been the perfect Princess – learning manners, diplomacy, and always flashing the perfect smile for the camera. Today I’m going to take the biggest step I can towards helping my nation: I’m going to marry the Prince of Gangidor to build the military alliance. For one more extra rehearsal of our immediate wedding, I snuck into the prince’s private suite and overheard the conversation that shocked me. 
The King, my Prince’s father, chuckles darkly. “Don’t underestimate her, son. Her claws are too sharp now, you will have to nullify that part of her.” 
“Sharp claws or not, she’s just a girl,” my fiancé says, his voice thick with derision. “What’s the worst she can do? All she’s been trained for is taking pictures, buying jewelry, and decorating the house, just like mom.” 
“Ariel Sinclair is not like your mother, who came to me ready to kneel,” his father replies. “This Princess has been over-indulged; her parents and brother have doted on her and allowed her to learn skills that women shouldn’t touch. You’ll have to break her, son, and fast. The best path to that is to get her pregnant tonight.”
My jaw drops open in shock, my hand covering my mouth to hold back my appalled gasp. Never – not once has the Prince indicated that he felt this way about women! About me! 
“Ariel’s a prude,” my fiancé says on a disappointed sigh, and my cheeks burn with embarrassment. “She barely lets me kiss her, so I don’t think knocking her up tonight is going to happen. ” 
“There’s a great deal at stake in this, son,” the King snaps, and I silently peek around the door’s edge to see the two men standing in the middle of the room, their arms crossed in their wedding tuxedoes, casually discussing how to break me. Rage mixes with the disgust in the pit of my stomach, turning over and over until I feel sick. 
“You need this girl under your thumb,” the King continues. “Conquer her, and then all the resources of her kingdom will pass to us. If she won’t submit to you willingly tonight, you will force her.” 
“She’ll scream! Her guards will come running!” 
“She won’t,” the king growls. “It’s in the female nature to submit – women are animals, they obey the strong. Just show her that you are her Alpha – she’ll fall to her knees soon enough.” 
“And if she says no? Or tries to escape?” My Prince turns considering eyes on his father now, clearly encouraged and liking this plan. 
“There’s no way she can escape from us,” the King growls. “In our Kingdom, we have complete control over women. Even if she will one day be the Queen, Edward, she belongs to you.” 
Both men’s lips turn upwards in greedy smiles. 
And me? I almost vomit with fear and disgust. 
I’m already out of the suite and dashing down the hall, tears streaking down my cheeks as I run away from the Great Hall where I’m supposed to be married.
My mind reels with how much my world just fell apart. 
Too much is tied up in this wedding – and it’s all my fault. I’m the one who pushed for it, wanted to make the political ties that would give us the extra forces we need to end this war even though my mom told me to wait for love. And I want so much to run to her arms now – but if I do that? 
Then she’s going to tell my dad – Dominic Sinclair, the most powerful Alpha in the entire world – and he will rip that horrible Prince to shreds without thinking twice. 
And that will start a second war – 
I sob harder as I run, totally confused -And suddenly as I turn around a familiar corner, I know exactly where I’m going and where I want to be. I hurry my steps, dashing for the old brown door, shoving it open with all my might. 
The door bangs hard against the wall as I stumble into the room. My brother Rafe and cousin Jesse look up at me with wide, shocked eyes, both of their jaws falling open. 
“I can’t do it!” I gasp, falling back against the open door, my face a mess of tears. 
“Ariel!” Rafe gasps, springing to my side and pulling me away from the door, pushing it shut. “What the hell happened!?” 
Jesse stands and takes me by the hand, leading me over to the couch as I tell them everything in stuttering sobs. Jesse sits next to me, nodding and listening to every word, but Rafe stands at my side, a deep growl growing in his chest as my story progresses. By the time I finish, his whole body is tense and shaking. 
“I’m going to kill him,” Rafe growls, and he takes one long step towards the door, clearly meaning it. “I’m going to rip his head off –“
“Rafe!” Jesse snaps, leaning forward and grabbing Rafe’s arm before he can get any further. “Calm the hell down.” 
“So, you run,” Rafe says, pulling his hands away from his face and staring at me. “You leave he at the altar, and the press paint him as the wounded party.” 
I nod. “Mom and dad can salvage the treaty this way, even without a marriage. But I…I have to disappear, or else Prince will force me into it – I have too much leverage on him now.” 
“But where the hell will you go, Ariel?” Rafe asks, sitting up, shaking his head. “He’s going to come after you! No matter where you are, he will find you!” 
“Nah,” I hear Jesse say, and my eyes fly open to see a wicked smirk on his face. “I never liked that guy anyway – he’s a dick. You deserve more than this. Let’s run.” 
“What?” I gasp, staring at my cousin. “Where?” 
Jesse just continues to smirk at me. “With us. Rafe and I are enrolling tomorrow anyway – we’ll just leave tonight and take you along to Alpha Academy.” 
I stare at my cousin for a moment in shock, and then I let out a frantic little laugh and throw myself into his arms because – because that might actually be perfect. 
This plan gets me out of the palace and I’ll be somewhere that no one – especially not the Prince Edward – will ever expect me to go. 
A notoriously secretive all-male military academy designed to weed out and train the nation’s toughest Alpha warriors. 
Alpha Academy.
###Chapter 2
Chapter 2 – A Boy Named Ari 
“You two,” Rafe mutters, and I glance over to see him pressing the bridge of his nose between his fingers, just like dad does. “This is going to cause a damn firestorm that I am going to have to sort out.” 
“But you’re the best at solving our problems!” Jesse points out, laughing. “Come on, cousin,” he says, giving Rafe a little punch in the arm. “It’s an adventure.” 
Two hours later we’re in the boxcar of a train headed east, towards the war front where the Academy is located. 
It was shockingly easy to smuggle me out of the palace once I got rid of the wedding gown. Jesse just gave me some of the clothes he had packed, and after I had rolled the hem of the pants about a dozen times and tied the waist with some ribbon torn off of my gown…honestly, the clothes don’t fit so bad. 
“Okay,” Rafe murmurs, leaning back into the hay that fills the boxcar, grimacing as he types out messages on his phone. “Mom and Dad are on board.” 
“They are?” I ask, wide-eyed with surprise. 
“I mean,” Rafe says, flicking his eyes at me, “I didn’t give them any details about where we are or where we’re going, and mom is completely flipping out about you being gone from the palace without a guard for the first time in your life. But…she gets it. And they trust us.” 
We were always inseparable. I didn’t even really figure out that I was a girl – or that being a girl meant something different than being a boy – until I was around eight years old and I had to go to ballet class when Rafe and Jesse went to martial arts. I was devastated when I figured out that being different genders meant we had different futures in store for us.
But, well. I figured out pretty quickly that being a Princess means I have my own responsibilities. Even though I loved running wild with Rafe and Jesse, I learned how to be pretty, quaint, and sweet because I knew it would help mom and dad. Plus, it kind of came natural to me. 
Rafe and Jesse, they secretly taught me everything they learned in their fighting lessons because they didn’t want me to feel left out. But I’m mom’s tiny twin – petite with long rose-gold hair and a heart- shaped face. I’m not built for hand-to-hand combat the way Rafe and Jesse are, but things like ballet come naturally to me.And while I thought that I was eager to do my duties as a Princess, to marry a Prince to save our nation from war? 
Honestly, I don’t think my heart has ever been as happy as it is right now, running away from those duties and hopping a train with my two best friends. I’m so excited that I can barely catch my breath. 
Of course, Rafe throws a wet blanket on my excitement. “Okay,” he sighs, tossing his phone into his backpack, finished talking to mom and dad. “What the hell are we going to do with Ariel when we get to the Academy?” 
“Seriously, why don’t we just take her along with us?” Jesse asks, wrapping his arms around his knees. 
“What?” Rafe asks, frowning at him. “You mean like, into Alpha Academy?” 
“Sure,” Jesse says, glancing over at me. “I mean, you promised our moms that we’d keep her safe, right? If we have to keep an eye on her, what’s easier than keeping her by our side?” 
I gape at the audacity of Jesse’s plan. I’ve been hearing about Alpha Academy all my life and always dreamed about going – but, of course, it only accepts male students. And while Rafe and Jesse will certainly take the warrior track, I fantasized about taking up some of the other things you can study – like espionage, or becoming a master poison maker. There’s even a rumor that you can study battle magic if you have an affinity for it.
But honestly – no one really knows what goes on inside of the Academy, it’s all top secret and shrouded in mystery. But whenever one of the Alpha graduates came to the palace to consult with dad or report on the amazing advances they made for our nation? They always had this air about them – like they could take on the world. 
And damn, did I envy that. 
Still – my dreams never got far. While we always knew Rafe and Jesse would go, I had to make other plans.“Well, I’m definitely not letting her out of our sight,” Rafe grumbles, his voice growing deeper at the mere idea of it. He shifts his eyes, studying me. 
I sigh a little, hanging my head, knowing it’s impossible. 
“It’s not that I don’t want you there, Ariel,” Rafe sighs, guilty. “It’s just not a safe place for girls –“ 
My head whips up and I open my mouth, ready to protest that I can take care of myself, but my brother is already waving a hand, dismissing the idea. 
“It’s over a hundred testosterone-fueled Alpha males in their early twenties, Ariel,” Rafe says, frowning, “with no female attention for months. You’ll get eaten alive. There are going to be guys there like Luca Grant –“ 
“Luca Grant’s going to be there?” I ask, my eyes going wide as my head snaps up. Grant’s a minor celebrity – he’s the junior heavyweight boxing champion of our nation as well as a rather notorious ladies’ man. But he just retired from boxing to join the military in a show of national pride. His story has been plastered all over the news. 
And it doesn’t hurt that he is…insanely good looking. He’s got these dimples that…
Well. His dimples are beside the point. But I had no idea he was going to the Academy or that he’d be part of Rafe and Jesse’s class. 
“Isn’t the simplest thing just to just keep plans the same?” Jesse asks, interrupting my thoughts. “Ariel just…comes with us.” 
“You’re being ridiculous,” Rafe scoffs, glaring at Jesse and starting to lose his temper a bit. “What, we’re just going to waltz into the candidate barracks filled with a bunch of hormonal Alphas like ‘oh hey, we brought our little sister! Don’t touch her! Hands off!’” 
“No,” Jesse says, his eyes bright and eager. “We don’t waltz in with your sister,” he says, pulling his backpack over and rustling around in it, pulling out a grey camo-print patrol cap, standard issue for all Academy candidates. He plops it on my head. “We waltz in with your brother.” 
“What!?” Rafe seethes, appalled. 
“No, it’ll work!” Jesse says, grinning now as he scoots next to me and begins to tuck my rose-gold hair up under the cap. I grin right back at him, realizing where this is going. “Rafe,” Jesse says, turning to my brother with a wide grin, “meet Ari. Ari Sinclair.” 
Rafe’s mouth drops open as I laugh and then rearrange my face, trying to look tough and do my best impression of a dude. 
“Oh my god,” Rafe groans, allowing himself to fall back into the welcoming softness of the hay. “No, absolutely not – this will never work –“ 
“No, it will!” I insist, excited now. “It will work, I can do it! I’m Ari!” 
“No, you’re not,” Rafe mutters, his voice further muffled by the hands still pressed over his face. “You’re Ariel – you do ballet, and you arrange flowers, and you like making seating charts –“
“Not anymore,” I say, turning and grinning at Jesse, who nods eagerly at me. “Now, I’m Ari. And I’m a boy.”
###Chapter 3
Chapter 3 – The Barracks 
Now I’m Ari Clark, a family cousin on Aunt Cora’s side. 
But things start to get immediately real as Rafe and Jesse sling their backpacks over their shoulders and we start to walk towards Alpha Academy, a rugged castle built on top of the cliffs that rise before us. I gulp as I stare up at the castle, a little shiver running through me. “It’s cold here,” I murmur, even though it’s just towards the end of summer right now. 
“You’ll warm up,” Jesse assures me with a wink. “Besides, see that hill?” he says, and I look where he points. “There are apparently some hot springs over there. If you get too cold, we’ll just dunk you.” 
I move to elbow Jesse in the stomach for this suggestion but he neatly dodges me, laughing. 
Anxiety twists in my stomach we continue to walk, though. Can I really do this? 
“Stop stressing about it,” Jesse murmurs, leaning close and bumping his shoulder against me, knocking me a bit sideways. I scowl, wishing I was taller. “You’re trying to solve problems you haven’t even come across yet. Just chill out.” 
“Classic Jesse advice,” Rafe mutters, shooting him a little glare as we start to climb the hill, “which doesn’t make any sense right now because we actually have very real problems to solve. Like the fact that Ari Clark doesn’t have any ID? And is also in possession of – you know, girl parts? And is tiny, and about to get his ass beat by a bunch of gigantic wolves?” 
“Hey!” I protest, giving Rafe a shove that…well, proves his point more than it does mine, because he doesn’t budge at all. “I can stand up in a fight against both of you! Don’t doubt me now!”
“Are you serious, Ariel?” he asks, stopping in his tracks, his shoulders slumping. “Seriously think about this – about everything that you’re suggesting here. Are you just trying to get away from your asshole fiancé? Or do you actually want to train at Alpha Academy?” 
My face falls a bit as I realize that his question is a good one – that so far, I’ve basically been running on adrenaline. 
I take a second to think about it, tilting my head back and looking up at the castle on the cliff. And as I think about it…my mind flashes to all the things I wanted to do but was discouraged from because I’m a Princess and a girl – hockey lessons, and weapons training, and long chats with dad and Uncle Roger about war strategy. It was all boy stuff, but it means a thousand memories of doors closed in my face, a constant reminder that I had to learn a completely different set of skills. 
Because I’m a girl. 
Because I’m…a Princess. 
But I can’t be a Princess right now. I need to hide at least until this all blows over and Edward and his family leave our nation with a treaty intact. That’s all going to take some serious time. 
And quite suddenly, without the weight of my Princess title for the first time since I was eight…I realize how completely free I feel. I can do…whatever I want. 
And I know, instinctually, deep in my heart, precisely what I want. My wolf lifts her rose-gold snout to the sky, giving me a little howl of courage. 
Tell them, she urges. 
So, I bring my gaze back to my brother and my cousin. “I want to do this,” I say quietly determined. “If it had ever been an option for me, this is what I’d have chosen for myself. And now that it is?” I nod
steadily. “I want it, Rafe. I want to be here.” 
— 
I look around the room while I finish rolling up the wrists and the ankles of my uniform, my hair tucked discreetly up under my cap. And I can’t help but stare open-mouthed at all of the boys wandering around the barracks. 
I mean, it’s not that I haven’t been around guys before – but the sight of boy after boy flooding through the door? I mean…it’s pretty great. 
I mean, I’ve flirted a little – and Edward, he kissed me a few times before the wedding, mostly chaste stuff for press, but in general… 
Well, I’m a Princess. 
It sort of makes sense that I’ve lived a pretty sheltered life, right? Any guy who wanted to date me had to get through my gigantic overprotective dad, the King, and not many were very willing to do that. 
I blush now as I look around at all of these guys in front of me. Because they’re all so fit, like they’ve been training for weeks before submitting themselves as candidates for Alpha Academy so that they can hit the ground running. 
And I have to admit…it’s kind of a buffet. 
A few guys in particular catch my eye. There’s a tall blonde one who has set up shop in the bed almost diagonal from us, with a jaw so precisely molded it looks like it was cut with a diamond. And nobody can miss Luca Grant at the center of the room – god, he’s actually signing autographs. But he’s just as good looking as he is on TV – maybe even hotter.
And then there’s a sort of shy, slim boy with dark hair that falls into his eyes who looks moody and watches everyone. I mean, I never thought that was my type before, but now? I have to admit, I find my eyes drawn to him. 
Rafe slings his own supplies onto the bed next to Jesse’s and then smacks my arm as he points to the bunk above his. “Up,” he commands, interrupting my reverie. 
“What?” I ask, confused. 
“You’re up here,” he says, patting the upper bunk and giving me a big fake grin that lets me know it’s not a request. “Where I can watch you. All the time. And smack you when you stare too openly at all of the guys who are now your comrades, not your eye candy.”
###Chapter 4
The next two hours are…an education in boy world. I sit perched up on my bunk, staring around in awe. This room has more than a hundred boys in it right now, and we’ll all be sleeping in here together through candidacy. When that’s done, if we make it, we’ll move up to the castle to more private dorms. 
But seriously? Until then? I’m kind of…thrilled. 
The atmosphere here – it’s totally different than anything I’ve ever experienced. There’s a great deal of shouting and laughter, and two fist fights have already broken out, along with quite a few arm-wrestling matches. 
Girls? We’d all be simpering and sizing each other up. Guys? They just clasp hands and smack each other on the back, instant friends. 
But then a boy walks by in his underwear – which I’m not complaining about in itself – but my eyes go wide with shock when he just blatantly, casually dips a hand into his boxers and scratches his balls – 
“So, what do you think, cousin,” Jesse says, making me jump as he pops up at my side, standing on Rafe’s bunk and using the leverage to hook his arms over the edge of mine, grinning at me. “Regretting your choices yet?” 
“Boys are…” I whisper, still looking around with awe, “a completely different species.” 
“I think our prim little Princess likes it,” Jesse says with a laugh, observing my fascination. 
I laugh too and lift a finger to my lips. “Don’t tell Rafe,” I whisper, knowing my brother – like my dad – is crazy over-protective. 
“Your secret is safe with me,” Jesse whispers back, giving me a wink. “Just…try to look more boyish, all right? You’re sitting up there like a pretty little barn owl, staring around with those big eyes.”
I gasp a little, realizing that he’s probably right. I hunch my back a little, unfolding my legs so that I’m not so prim. “Is this better?” I murmur, pitching my voice lower and laughing because I feel ridiculous. 
“Just scratch your ass a little more around people,” Jesse suggests with a grin, “let people see you burp.” 
Horrified, I glare at him. “Absolutely not.” 
Jesse laughs and then holds out his arm to me, wrist up. “Here,” he says. 
“What?” I ask, tapping at his closed fingers, thinking he has some little present hidden in his fist. 
“No,” Jesse says, laughing, and then he beckons me closer. I lean towards him and, lightening quick, Jesse wipes his wrist across both sides of my neck and then across my own wrists. 
“What’s that for?” I ask, frowning, confused. 
“Scent marking,” he replies in a whisper. “Sometimes you smell like a girl. This will disguise it a little, make it not so obvious.” 
“Won’t I just smell like you?” I ask, confused. 
He shrugs. “We’re cousins,” he replies. “No one will notice or care.” 
“Oh,” I say, and then I lean back in my bunk as Jesse jumps down and goes to talk to a light-haired boy who has just come to introduce himself to Rafe. I didn’t even think about smelling like a girl – what else is going to give me away? 
I try to think it through, to strategize, but soon the room is so filled with young men that I can’t really think about anything else besides watching them, studying how they move so I can move like that and
start to blend in. I can’t even really keep track of which one is which as they all move around the room, unpacking their personal items and introducing themselves to their neighbors. 
Which is why it is so incredibly disconcerting when I find my head snapping to the left, my eyes frantically searching because… 
Because I swear, I just smelled…the most amazing scent that has ever crossed my nose – 
My wolf leaps inside me, which is itself shocking – she’s usually so calm that I sometimes forget she’s there – 
Get it, she commands, instantly starting to prowl, go find it – you have to – it’s ours – 
“What?!” I say aloud as I sit up stark straight, suddenly a little freaked out. But then I lift my nose and almost moan aloud when I smell it again – that incredible, amazing scent – the sharp bite of citrus, bergamot and wet pavement baking under the summer sun, apricots and almonds – 
Something snaps within me, an almost physical twist that redirects everything in me – all of my goals, all of my dreams – just wipes them away in the singular pursuit of it, of him – 
Mate!, my wolf howls, lifting her nose to the sky and singing the word, her feet dancing. Go! Get up! Go and find him – Mate! Mate! Mate! 
And I gasp, pressing myself back against my pillows because I know it now – know it for certain in my heart and my bones – that my mate is here – 
But as I look around, frantic, something…something else crosses my path. 
And I do moan aloud this time, my lower lip starting to shake as I go limp, falling back against my pillows. I have to press my eyes shut against the leather and whiskey scent of him – red hot cinders and the sharp bite of pine on a night so cold even the air freezes –
And, to my horror, something else snaps within me, shaking me to the core, so much so that my shoulders start to tremble with it. 
Because…because the other one is still there – and this one too – 
They’re both still there, both bonds now calling to me, urging me to run in two different directions at once – 
I’m suddenly nauseous, my head spinning as gravity reorients itself in two directions, trying to point both north and south at the same time, my internal compass spinning – 
I raise my hands to my temples and give another soft moan. 
“Ari,” Rafe says, coming to the side of the bed and peering over at me, concerned. “Are you all right?” 
But I don’t reply, my eyes pressed tightly shut as I concentrate on my wolf, on the ridiculous thing that she’s saying – 
Inside of me she prowls back and forth, giving little hops of excitement, turning in eager circles, her tongue lolling from the side of her mouth. 
Get up! She urges me, snapping her teeth with glee, go and find them! Now! 
What?! I say to her, frantic. But that’s ridiculous – we can’t – we’re in disguise! 
Go!, she commands, and I find myself sitting up straight, my eyes flying open despite myself. Go and find them! We need to meet our mates! 
But as I look around the room – it’s too much of a mess. I know that they’re here – but I have absolutely no idea which ones they are.
“Seriously, Ari,” Rafe says, peering at me closely. “You’re…all pale. Are you okay?” 
I spin my head to look at my brother with frantic eyes, my breath coming fast now. Behind him I see Jesse turn, confused, looking at me with curious worry. 
I open my mouth to stumble something out – anything – to beg them to help – 
But before I can, a loud clap sounds at the head of the room and we all spin towards it. Everyone goes silent, staring at the Academy Captain standing there with four Sergeants. He’s a gigantic man with a rough, craggy face that doesn’t look like it’s seen a smile for twenty years. 
But I can’t think about that now – my head still spins, and I do my very best to keep my eyes forward and concentrate on walking as my body begins to adjust, not allowing myself to be distracted by my surroundings or by my stupid wolf, who is howling at me – begging me to go find them, to hunt them down, to strip off my uniform right now and – 
The Captain scowls around at us, clearly displeased with our disorder. 
“Fall in,” he snaps. “It’s time for your first examination.”
###Chapter 5
“Time for the ranking,” the Captain growls, looking around at us with distaste. “You’re dressed in your grey candidate fatigues because you have not yet earned your Academy black. The bottom twenty percent of candidates will be cut at the end of the second week of candidacy. I suggest you take this seriously.” 
The Captain surveys us, his eyes cold. “Today’s test,” he barks out, “measures what you won’t survive without at the Academy: physical prowess. Rafe Sinclair! Kenny Dextrin! You’re up – first blood wins!” 
The Academy is famous for teaching its students the most cutting-edge methods and technologies – but first ranking is determined by a fist fight!? 
The match is over shockingly fast. Rafe knocks Kenny down and bloodies his nose within thirty seconds. 
When Luca Grant is called, I smirk a little. Luca dances around his opponent and taunts him for a while before whipping out a swift uppercut that knocks the other boy clean over. I bite my lip a little, admiring his technique – and the spread of his muscled shoulders – when to my horror I hear my own name. 
Or at least, my pretend name. 
“Ari Clark! Robert Brown!” 
My jaw just drops open because – god, I’m such an idiot – but as long as I’ve been standing here watching, I’ve never thought about how I was going to have to do this! 
I groan as I realize that I slipped into my Princess identity – I’m used to standing on the sidelines, watching Rafe and Jesse fight – 
“Let’s go, Clark!” The Sergeant snaps when he sees that I haven’t stepped forward.
Rafe, next to me, sighs and puts a hand on my back, shoving me forward. I look back at him in shock but he just shrugs, his eyes clearly saying you wanted to join the Academy, kid. 
Frantic, I turn to Robert, who is already stepping into a fighting stance. As he puts his fists up and I finally realize that I’m actually supposed to punch him, the candidates all around us start to shout and whistle. 
“Come on!” Robert shouts, urging me forward. “Let’s do it!” 
But I just stand there, shocked. 
Someone starts to laugh uproariously and then bellows, “The shrimp’s scared!” 
Others start to laugh too, and then they pick up a call: “Shrimp! Shrimp! Shrimp!” 
This, somehow, spurs me on – and finally gets my wolf to pay attention to something besides that insane thing that happened this afternoon – two boys – two scents – 
Kill him, she growls, stalking forward within me. Show ‘em all… 
And so I start to step forward, my lips curling back, raising my own fists the way Rafe and Jesse taught me to, moving fast towards the other boy – 
Everything goes black. 
When I open my eyes I see Jesse staring right at me, peering again over the edge of my bunk. “Hey there, Shrimp,” he says, smirking at me, but not without sympathy. “How you feeling? He got you good.” 
I open my mouth to say something but pain instantly flares over my entire face.
“Ith it…” I say, my voice all stuffy from my poor injured nose, which I raise a hand to gingerly touch, “Ith it broken?” 
Jesse takes a moment to press my nose between his thumbs, pushing at it experimentally, which hurts like hell. I gasp and wince, but he shakes his head. “Nah, cousin, you’ll be all right in a few days. You’ll have one hell of a black eye, though.” 
Well, also, I can’t smell anything with my nose all messed up, can I? 
So, I have no idea which of these boys are… 
God, I can’t even think the word to myself. 
Mate! My wolf gleefully supplies, dancing around inside of me, ignoring my pain. Your mates! Both of them! Get up now, shift into me! I can smell them! I can do it! I would love to do it! 
I scowl, ignoring her and closing my eyes again, wishing I was still knocked out. 
A few minutes later, though, my rest is interrupted by something landing on my pillow that makes me jump. I gasp, opening my eyes, and then I scowl when I see a cellophane-wrapped sandwich and a water bottle next to me, along with a packet of pain killers. 
“You okay, kid?” Rafe asks quietly, and I jump a little to see him standing where Jesse was before, peering at me closely. 
“No, I’m dying,” I sigh dramatically, collapsing back onto my pillow. 
“That breaks the pact,” he says, shoving me lightly on the shoulder. “You die, mom kills me – then dad’s only got Markie and Juniper left, their two worst kids. You know we can’t do that to them.”
I smirk, laughing a little, but then I flinch when laughing hurts. “Hey,” I say, suddenly remembering that I missed the big event. “Did you win?” 
Rafe just gives a casual shrug but Jesse pops up behind him. “Of course he won!” Jesse says, looping a proud arm around Rafe’s shoulders. “You should have seen the brute he had to take out though, Ari,” he continues, his eyes wide and thrilled. 
“You’re being dramatic,” Rafe murmurs, shrugging Jesse off even though he can’t keep the corners of his lips from turning up. 
“No seriously,” Jesse says, leaning in to me. “He was like, bigger than Rafe, maybe – or at least as big – and totally brutal. You could tell he had never been formally trained, but he just went into his fights like a damn madman –“ 
“Really?” I ask, curious, sitting up a little. “Which one was it?” 
“That big boulder over there,” Jesse murmurs, pointing across the room. I see him instantly – who couldn’t? He’s seriously gigantic – rivaling even my dad in size. He hunches over in his bunk, looking down at his mattress with his arms resting lightly on top of his knees, totally stoic but clearly disappointed to have come in second. His dark hair falls in his face like he can’t be bothered to push it away. 
“You beat him?” I ask, turning shocked eyes on my brother. 
“Don’t act so surprised,” Rafe snaps, frowning at me, offended. 
I laugh a little and lean over to give him a shove on the shoulder. “You’re right,” I say in an overly-girly voice, like a deranged cheerleader, teasing him. “No one can beat Rafe Sinclair!” 
Jesse laughs with me, turning to watch Rafe turn red as he scowls.
“Eat up,” Rafe mutters as he hops down from the bed, “and take the painkillers.” Then he hesitates, looking over his shoulder, and leans in to whisper. “There are some closed shower stalls, but…I don’t think you should go in there anytime soon. All right?” 
“I’ll do it in the morning,” I say with a yawn, reaching out to grab the cold water bottle and press it to my face, moaning a little at the instant relief. “I’ll get up at 3, before anyone else.” 
“Okay. Wake me up too. I’ll come with you.” 
“No,” I say, shaking my head. “You need sleep. It’ll be okay.” 
“Just wake me,” my brother growls. 
I nod to appease him and lean back against my pillow with a groan. 
Fine, my wolf growls as I drift of, displeased. But tomorrow, we’re finding them! 
Unfortunately, as fate would have it, tomorrow is too long of a wait.
###Chapter 6
Chapter 6 
I wake up in the middle of the night and groan a little with pain from my stiff muscles and my aching face. I prod at my nose, pleased to find that it’s already much better – the speed of wolf healing really is great, even though my nose is still too swollen to truly smell anything. 
But as I sit up, I realize that the real problem here is that I am…grimy. 
I’m completely covered in sweat and blood and my body feels…disgusting. I stick out my tongue as I survey myself, not even really able to believe that I was able to fall asleep like this. I mean, how much pain had I even been in? 
A lot, my wolf reminds me, nudging me with her nose. Can we go find them now? 
I scowl and mentally push her away, not able to think of it – or maybe just not wanting to, not right now. I mean, what the hell does it mean what do I even feel about any of this? 
Did I imagine it? 
– 
Or did…did two mating bonds actually snap into place yesterday afternoon, the day after I left Prince Asshole at the altar? 
But no. That’s impossible. You get one fated mated – just one! And most people don’t even get that! 
I don’t even know what one mating bond snapping into place feels like, let alone two. My wolf must be wrong – whatever happened must have just been…I don’t know, some kind of hormonal reaction to being around so many boys all at once.
I’m not wrong! she growls, snapping her teeth at my denial. But I ignore her again. 
I quickly move to the wide communal bathroom at the end of the room. I grab a set of supplies from the waiting shelf and dash towards the shower stall. But when I pull back the curtain I gasp – actually gasp – in horror at the site before me. The floor and walls are covered in muck, and boy hair, and oh my god, is that even blood in the corner? 
– 
I scowl at myself, hating this side of me that’s decidedly a Princess.. 
…but I have to get clean. 
And quite suddenly I remember what Jesse said on the way in that there are some hot 
springs over the far hill. I breathe out a little moan, instantly wanting nothing more than a long, hot bath all by myself. To get clean, and to refresh myself – I just know it’s the one thing that will set me right.. 
After about five minutes of searching for the hot springs, I find them. 
They’re everything I hoped they would be. Clean, fresh water – smelling just slightly of sulfur – bubbles out through a set of rocks, creating a little steaming pool that’s just deep enough to sink into. With a quick glance over my shoulder to check that I’m actually alone, I strip off my clothes and fling off my hat, running my fingers through my hair as I wade into the pool, moaning a little at the luxurious warmth of it enveloping my exhausted and battered body. 
When that’s finished, I tie my hair back in a knot at the base of my head and I take a deep breath, closing my eyes and turning my face up to again stare at the castle against the sky as I start on my body. As I run the bar of soap all over my skin, pampering myself a little as my muscles unwind, my mind turns to the question of battle magic, and just how the Academy might teach something like that.
Because Rafe and Jesse and I – we’re all supposed to have some kind of magic, a gift from our Grandmother, the Goddess. Mom and Aunt Cora told us each about it when we turned sixteen, but… none of us have manifested anything yet. Mom is an incredible healer, and Aunt Cora can control the weather, but the three of us? 
Not so much as a spark, no matter what we’ve tried. Mom tells us not to worry about it, that the Goddess will reveal her gift in time… 
But the Academy…would it have a way to bring something like that out in me? And if so… what form would my magic take? 
My imagination spins as I consider the possibilities as I soap myself down and I smile a little, staring to feel, finally, like myself again. I even hum to myself a little bit, carried away by how good this feels. 
Of course, the feeling is short lived because just as I set the soap aside and splash a handful of water up against my face, a voice rings out behind me. 
“What the hell are you doing here?” 
And I gasp, spinning and instinctually dipping low into the pool so that I’m up to my chin in the opaque water, staring up at the dark figure standing at the edge of the pool. I push 
myself away from him through the water, terrified but unable to see who it is – 
But as I reach the far side of the pool, terror streaking through me, the cloud covering the moon skates away revealing… 
Another candidate 
–
and not my brother or cousin. 
My eyes go wide in shock as I realize, quite suddenly, that it’s Luca Grant – all six–foot–two of him, staring down at me – 
“Seriously, Shrimp,” he says, crouching down and looking all around. “What are you even doing here? And did you see a girl running around? I’m looking for her.” 
My mouth drops open a little as I realize that…that in the dark he can’t see my long hair knotted at the back of my neck, or any details about my body underneath the water. 
And, simultaneously, I realize that I smell like all girl right now because in soaping myself down I washed off all of the scent Jesse rubbed on me, which was covering me up – 
My mind whirs, but luckily my mouth responds without me. “Um,” I say, pitching my voice a little lower. “No, I haven’t seen anyone.” 
“Shit luck,” the boxer says, standing and sighing as he shoves his hands in his pockets. “I’ve been getting bits and pieces of her scent all day…she’s got to be around, but I can’t figure out where…” 
“Why…” I say again, hesitating and rubbing at my nose, desperate now to be able to smell something – “why are you looking for her?” 
“Cause,” he says, sighing in frustration. “She’s my mate.” 
“Impossible,” a growling voice snaps, making both of us jump and spin towards the hulking figure that comes out of the shadows next. And my eyes go wide when I realize that… 
That it’s the huge, scarred brute that Rafe beat in the last bout disappointment in his bunk 
–
who hung his head in 
“Pardon?” The boxer says, raising an eyebrow at the bigger candidate who comes close to glower over him. To his credit, Luca doesn’t flinch. 
“She can’t be your mate,” the brute snarls, glaring down at Luca and not even sparing me a second glance. “Because she’s mine.” 
Yes! Yes! Yes! My wolf yelps within me, spinning in eager circles, holding her tail high like a banner. Our mates! Both of them! 
But my reaction is the opposite. 
“Ohhhh no,” I whisper, shaking my head as I look between them. 
Two mates both looking for me? 
– 
And neither of them realizing that I’m treading water right here!? 
How the hell am I going to get out of this?
###Chapter 7
Chapter 7 
“Wait a second,” Luca says, cocking his head and looking the larger candidate up and down. “How do we even know we’re looking for the same girl?” 
I snap my attention to the other guy as I subtly move further back into the pool, seeking shadow. God, if the moon could just slip back behind the Academy… 
“Don’t be an idiot, Grant,” the taller one growls, advancing on Luca another step. “Do you seriously think that there are two girls wandering around the candidate barracks of Alpha Academy?” 
“Point taken,” Luca says with a shrug, not giving any ground even though the larger 
candidate looks like he outweighs him by at least thirty pounds of solid muscle. “But let’s be sure – what’s your girl smell like?” 
My eyes flick between them as they share notes on my scent, coming to the conclusion that they are indeed both chasing the same girl who smells of smoke and cloves and honey. Is that seriously what I smell like? I wonder absently as my mind focuses on the more important thing: coming up with a plan to get the hell out of here. 
Yes, my 
wolf replies, preening as she prances, we smell very nice. 
And suddenly, as the boys again begin to argue about whose mate she is, I realize exactly what I need to do. 
“Um,” I say, pitching my voice louder to be heard over their argument. The boys stop talking and snap their gazes immediately to me, which makes me sink deeper into the water, even though my wolf nips
me internally, urging me ridiculously to just climb n*ked out of the pool and go to them. “You’re looking for the person who smells like cloves and honey?” 
“What do you know about it,” the big guy snarls, stepping towards me with narrowed eyes as if he’ll leap into the pool and beat me to a pulp if I say anything out of line. 
“Nothing!” I protest, putting my hands up, even though just my fingertips stick out of the water. “Um, sorry – I didn’t get a good look – I didn’t even realize it was a girl – I only saw like, a silhouette.” 
“Well, where did she go,” the larger cadet growls, and as I look up into his face I’m suddenly shaken by… 
+5 
Well, by how incredibly gorgeous he is beneath his scars and his snarl. Besides being so large that he could toss me around like a rag doll, his face is shaped by a square jaw and a long, straight nose beneath dark brows. And his eyes… 
Despite myself, I take a step forward, peering closer – 
Because I think they’re blue – the darkest, most gorgeous shade of sapphire blue, such an unusual contrast with his chestnut hair…. 
“Is something wrong with you?” he spits out, looking at me in shock and rage. 
I flinch back, realizing that – oh my god – I was just gazing into his eyes when he’s ready to kill me – 
“Nope!” I squeak, shaking my head and backing up again into the shadow. “Sorry, yeah, she went that way!” I point out into the distance, away from the barracks. 
“What did she look like?” he growls.
Opposite of me, I think, frantic. “Um, really tall! With like, lots and lots of long curly black hair.” 
Luca keeps his eyes on me, curious, but the other snaps his head in the direction I indicated. He shoots a glare at Luca but sets off at a run, clearly eager to get to this mystery girl first. 
Shit, shit, I think, staring unblinking at Luca now as he studies me. Why isn’t he going too!? 
“Seriously, Shrimp,” Luca says, leaning forward and narrowing his eyes, trying to get a better look at me. “Why are you out here?” 
“I…needed a bath,” I say, sputtering out the truth because I can’t think of anything else to say. Besides, maybe if I answer his questions quickly he’ll go – 
“Why didn’t you just take a shower, like the rest of us?” 
“Because they were gross,” I hear myself say, and then I gasp at how stupid I’m being and duck half my face under the water to hide my instant blush. Luca’s face bursts into a grin. 
“You’re really weird, Shrimp,” he says, shaking his head and smiling at me, “but you’re funny. I like funny.” 
My wolf sits down on her haunches and lifts her nose to the sky, howling in her grief that 
46 
I’m not hurling myself out of this spring and into his arms – 
– 
Because that smile oh my god, something in me melts at the sight of it. I actually have to force myself to not swim towards him.
When I don’t say anything, Luca just laughs again and shakes his head. “Anyway,” he continues, “thanks for the tip on the girl. That way, you said?” 
I nod vigorously, not even looking where he points because I don’t care – I just want him to 
go- 
He grins again and nods to me one last time before turning and running off. 
I stay in the shadows for a few minutes, casting out my hearing and making sure that it’s absolutely silent around me for a few minutes. And then, when I hear nothing in the around me – not even a single cricket- 
—- 
– 
grasses 
I spring from the pool and pull on my clothes as fast as I can – seriously, I’ve never gotten dressed faster – I have no idea if my pants are even on the right way – 
Then, grabbing what’s left of my bathing kit, I sprint for the barracks. 
– 
My breath is ragged in my lungs, my heart pounding in my chest with more than just exertion – because any second I expect a hand to grab me by my collar, yanking me backward, demanding an explanation 
—
But I know, above all things, that secrecy is still absolutely necessary. No one can find out that I’m a girl – no one can find out that my mates are here – no one can find out that the Princess is in hiding at Alpha Academy, or else I’ll be forced to marry that jerk or start a war 
God, I’ve been so stupid and reckless tonight, I should have listened to Rafe 
– 
You should have invited them into the pool with us, my contrary wolf grumbles. Then we could have 
– 
But I shove her voice away as I reach the barracks, my feet stuttering to a stop as I reach the door. I force myself to take slower, softer breaths as I grab the handle and pull it open because I’ve got to be quiet in here. 
And, well, I’m not precisely quiet as I dart to the back corner of the room, my feet slapping against the floor. I’m way too full of frantic energy to help that, but I hope that wakes up just thinks I’m a candidate running for the bathroom or something – 
anyone who 
stuff 
I hurl my 
up onto my bunk, grateful that it lands silently, and then leap ungracefully onto Jesse’s bed, slamming my hand over his mouth. 
His eyes fly immediately open and fear, then rage, then wonder pass over his face in a series of flashes as he sees me above him, a single finger pressed to my lips, my eyes begging him to be quiet. He
shouts my name, but it’s muffled by my hand, and I glance over at Rafe’s bed, shaking my head frantically, letting Jesse see that we can’t wake Rafe up. 
Because Rafe? He’ll kill me. 
Or worse, he’ll be disappointed in me. 
I don’t want to put this on Rafe’s shoulders anyway. 
– 
not yet. And Jesse – he’s the one I need 
I lean close to Jesse now that he’s fully awake and move my hand away from his mouth. “Jesse,” I whisper frantically, my mouth close to his ear, “I took a bath!” 
“So what, Ari!?” he hisses, pissed. “Did you seriously need to scare the shit out of me to tell me that!? Congratulations! You’re clean!” 
I glare at him for a second and then roll my eyes. “No, you idiot, you have to scent mark me! I forgot – I didn’t realize that I was going to smell all girly when I washed your scent away!” 
He 
groans then, putting his hands over his face for a second before lifting his wrists to wipe at my neck and my own wrists. 
“More,” I insist, grabbing his wrist and wiping it down my face. “I can’t smell like fricking cloves and honey anymore –“ 
66
“Ari!” Jesse snaps, snatching his wrist away from me. “What the hell is going on!? Why are you being so weird!?” 
I take a second to look around the room, scanning in particular for a wide set of shoulders under glowering eyes, or a body that falls naturally into a boxer’s stance… 
But the room is…still. Silent. 
I…I made it back. Unnoticed, at least for now. I take a second to make sure, but then relief rushes through me. 
“It’s nothing,” I whisper, shaking my head. “I’m sorry, Jesse. Just…um, don’t tell Rafe, okay?” 
“Don’t tell him what?” Jesse whisper–snaps as I jump off of his bed and start to climb up into my own bunk. “That you’ve gone insane overnight?” 
“You dreamed this all!” I call back over my shoulder, keeping my voice low. “It never happened! Go back to sleep, I love you!” 
And then I slip under my blankets fully dressed and put my hands over my face as I curl into a ball. 
Two mates and they know I’m here! And they’re looking for me! 
– 
How the hell am I ever going to keep 
Secret when I’ve got two guys looking guys – out there, doing everything they can to sniff me out?
###Chapter 8
– two really good- 
Chapter 8 
“Would you get up!?” 
I start awake to see Rafe’s face peering over the edge of the bunk, frowning at me. “Seriously, Ari! The bell rang like ten minutes ago – I have no idea how you’re still asleep!” 
I glare at my brother a little, already in a bad mood, wondering how he’d feel if he got about two hours of sleep after getting the crap beat out of him the day before. Rafe rolls his eyes at me and hops down, getting ready for the day. 
I was up for hours after I got back in bed last night, trying to figure out how I feel about all of this. At the core of me, I know that keeping my secret is the most important thing. But still… 
Two mates, in the same place, at the same time! And me here by what feels like chance – 
God, it’s almost like…fate or something. 
I mean, our family does have a history of this sort of thing happening – mom and Aunt Cora’s mother is the Goddess, after all, and she definitely threw some twists into their lives. But still – it’s all just so… bizarre. 
had almost drifted off to sleep again last night when the barrack door opened and a tall figure came in – his shoulders almost wide enough to fill the doorway itself. He’d moved slowly across the room in complete silence, but when he laid down in his bed his body language was…miserable. 
Luca came in a little later, not bothering to be stealthy. He too had moved to his bed, but had paused for a second, looking towards my corner of the room.
I had hastily whipped my covers over my head, holding my breath, desperately praying that he wouldn’t come over to me. 
Because even though my wolf howls for him – for them? I am so not ready to face this. Not with everything that’s at stake – and not with my enrollment at the Academy at risk, and certainly not with how… 
Well, I blush to think of it, but how na?ve I am about all of this boy stuff. I mean, I know that I was supposed to get married, but part of what I had thought was so appealing about Edward was that he didn’t push me for anything more than a chaste kiss. Even though he revealed that he had other plans once we were married, I had thought that he would give 
me the slow–burn romance I need. 
But mate stuff? 
From everything I’ve heard, it’s like lightening. 
And I am…not ready to be struck. I mean…am I? 
“Seriously, Ari!” Rafe shouts, reaching out and grabbing the front of my uniform. I gasp as he hauls me off my pillow. “Get up! We have to get to breakfast in two minutes!” 
“I’m already dressed, Rafe!” I snarl, batting his hand away and throwing my legs over the side of the bed. “I just have to put my shoes on 
99 
Rafe’s eyes go wide and he grabs me again, hauling me down off the bed and bumping my body hard against the metal rails as he does. I give a shriek as I go down.
“Ari,” my brother growls, holding me tight against him. “Where the f**k is your hat!?” 
I gasp, my hand going to my head as I realize that my hair is still tied in a bun at the base of my head 
not exactly spilling around my shoulders in a way that screams girl but certainly 
visible – 
– 
“It’s on my bunk!” I squeak. Rafe glares at me and takes his own cap off, shoving it hard on my head before jumping up to grab my cap. Then he grabs my boots off the floor, shoving them against my chest. “Put your shoes on, you idiot,” he growls, “and learn to be more careful!” 
I’m blushing hard now as he pulls my cap onto his own head. I pull on my boots, not bothering to tie them before beginning to tuck my hair up beneath the brim of my cap. 
“Heyyy cousinnnns,” Jesse says, coming over to beam at us way too cheerfully, clearly aware that there’s drama but ignoring it. “Did you guys sleep well?” He turns his wicked grin on me. “I had a really weird dream.” 
“No time,” Rafe snaps, grabbing my arm the second I finish tucking my hair in and hauling me to my feet. “We go now or we miss breakfast. And if we miss breakfast, we miss rankings, which we desperately need to know. So, let’s move!” 
Jesse still smirks at me as we both hurry along behind my brother, raising an eyebrow and clearly demanding an explanation for my midnight assault. But I just hastily shake my head and glance at Rafe, silently begging Jesse to keep it a secret. Jesse shrugs, tacitly agreeing but letting me know he’s not happy about it.
The three of us barely skirt through the door before it closes. A few candidates call out behind us and bang on the door, but the Captain clearly wasn’t kidding about getting to breakfast on time. I move through the line with my brother and my cousin, filling my tray with food, but being last through means slim pickings. I get a sausage, two cartons of apple juice, and a very sad little orange. 
When we take the final three seats at the edge of a long table, Rafe rolls his eyes at me and shoves two biscuits onto my plate. 
“Hey!” I protest. “I don’t even like biscuits –“ 
“It isn’t about like, Ari,” Rafe mutters, tucking into what looks like a bowl of cold oatmeal. “It’s about calories, and you need them, so eat up.” 
I do as I’m told, forcing myself to chew the dry biscuits and washing them down with apple juice. Passively, I hope that the food at the Academy is way better than this. As I eat, I look around, and as much as I pretend that I’m not looking for them… 
Right over there, my wolf cheerfully points out, focusing my eyes immediately on Luca, who laughs at the center of a group of guys two tables down, and then the other one, who sits by himself, moodily eating a gigantic plate of food. 
I quietly peel my orange, letting my eyes drift between both of them, studying their movements, wondering why on earth my grandmother the Goddess picked them out for 
me 
– 
When Rafe stands up to get a napkin, Jesse elbows me, making me jump.
“What the hell is going on with you?” Jesse hisses, and I blush, shaking my head. 
“Nothing,” I murmur, concentrating on my orange. God, I can’t believe I just let myself stare at my mates 
what was I thinking – 
– 
– 
“I know something’s up Ariel,” Jesse growls, and I spin to look at him wide–eyed, not only because he used my real name but because my sweet–tempered cousin never growls. 
“Jesse,” I say, my eyes pleading. “Look, I’ll tell you, all right? But…” I nod hastily at my brother, who is on his way back. 
Jesse sighs, clenching his jaw. “You promise you’re all right? And you’d tell me if you weren’t?” 
“I promise,” I say, my voice pleading. Jesse sighs, nods once, and then turns back to his 
nearly empty tray. Rafe sits down with a fist full of napkins, looking suspiciously between 
1. us. But before he can say anything, all heads in the room turn towards the Captain, who has just stood up at the head table. 
“Candidates,” he says, his voice booming out over us. “Today we will post the first ranking.” He points above his head at a giant black screen, indicating where the ranking will be listed. “Rankings will be calculated according to your performance in all training activities, as well as aspects like adherence to the rules, prompt attendance, and decorum. At the end of the first two weeks, the bottom 20% of
candidates will be dismissed from the academy. As this is an entering class of 120, that is the bottom 24 candidates. I suggest you take your rank seriously.” 
The Captain glares around at all of us and then nods once. “Agility training is next. You have five more minutes for breakfast, and then will report to the gym at 08:00.” 
Without another word the Captain leaves his place at the head of the table and, as if on cue, the screen flashes on, our names already arranged. 
My eyes fly over the board and my heart sinks to find my name exactly where I thought it would be. 
Spot 120. Ari Clark.
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9 
“Oh god,” I groan, sinking my face into my hands, my dreams of becoming an Academy cadet suddenly slipping through my fingers. 
“Don’t worry about it, Ari,” Jesse murmurs, wrapping an arm around my shoulder and giving me a manly squeeze. “We’ll train you up good. You just had one bad day, and they didn’t measure any of the things you’re actually good at.” 
“He’s right,” Rafe says, and I raise my head to see my brother looking at me seriously. I blink a little, emotion swelling in me because Rafe looks so much like dad when he looks at me like that, with a mix of stern expectation and love in his eyes. “We’ll get your number up fast, Ari, you just need…a little more training.” 
“Not like you two have to worry,” I sigh, leaning into Jesse for just a second before glancing up at the board again. “You two are…” and then I scoff a little in jealousy because their numbers are one and four. “Seriously, guys!?” I say, pouting at them. “You had to show me up that bad?” 
“Someone had to uphold the Sinclair name,” Rafe murmurs, smirking a little as he finishes off his plate, shoveling the food into his mouth. “Seriously, Ari, eat up,” he says, gesturing towards my plate with his fork. “You need the energy today!” 
I sigh and eat the sausage in two bites, finishing up the orange as we bus our trays and head for the door. But as I swallow the last little bit of orange, I realize that I didn’t even look – 
I spin at the last minute, my eyes roving over the rankings for their names – 
Luca Grant – that one’s easy. Number five, right at the top, right under Jesse. Does that mean…did Jesse beat him in the bracket yesterday? Surely he would have mentioned
But Rafe – if he beat my other mate in the final match that means… 
Number two. 
My eyes dart up the chart, fastening on his name. 
Jackson McClintock. 
That’s him, I think, even as Rafe grabs my arm and hauls me out of the room. 
Jackson. Luca and Jackson. 
– 
– 
My mates. 
And as we pass head towards the gym… I can’t help but feel a little thrill of excitement twist 
my stomach. Because I know who they are. 
in 
But they have noooo idea who I am. 
At least, not yet. 
I look up at my brother and my cousin on either side of me as we walk into the gym, moving towards the group of candidates who stand before what looks like a gigantic obstacle course. “Thanks, guys,” I whisper, suddenly overwhelmed by a rush of gratitude. Because honestly, if anyone can get me raised up from number 120? It’s them. “Thank you for believing in me.”
“Don’t thank us yet,” Rafe says, shaking his head down at me. “Training is about to kick your ass. You ready for this?” 
“Probably not,” I sigh, and Jesse grins at me to let me know I’m right. But I square my shoulders and nod to them, ready to try. 
By the end of the day, Rafe’s prediction turns out to be correct: I have absolutely no urge to 
thank them. 
– 
Training today was brutal. I don’t even know why they call it training – it was just a lot of running through obstacle courses, throwing ourselves over barriers, and climbing chains an activity at which I completely failed. None of it had anything to do with fighting anyone, as far as I could see. And it certainly was not an activity that played to my skill set. Thankfully, nothing today counts towards rankings – we’ll run the obstacle course again at the end of the two weeks, which is when it will actually affect our rank. 
And I was seriously, pathetically bad at all of it. I gritted my teeth as I pulled myself through the final obstacle – a sand pit that I had to crawl through under a set of low ropes. As I hauled myself forward with my burning forearms, I was shocked to see Jackson passing me, barely giving me a glare as he went. 
He was close enough that I got a good whiff of his scent as he pulled ahead, an experience that made me emit an embarrassing moan as my arms gave out so that I faceplanted in the sand, completely overwhelmed by exhaustion and lust. God damn it, having mates while running an obstacle course makes me look even more pathetic than I really am.
I spit out a mouthful of sand as I crawled out of the pit.“Dead last, Clark,” a Lieutenant said as I got to my feet, raising an eyebrow at me. 
“How can I be last!?” I panted, gesturing towards Jackson. “McClintock is ranked second, and he barely made it out before me!” 
“Because,” the Lieutenant said, raising a snide brow in my direction. “McClintock went through twice, while you did it once.” 
I groaned, tilting my head back, thinking longingly of the hot shower that I’d get to take 
next- 
But no. Rafe grabbed my arm and hauled me towards the last task of the day: a five–mile run that left me gasping for air because Jesse and Rafe refused to let me finish last again and made me keep up with them the whole time. Honestly, I had thought I was a good runner – I’m usually pretty fast – but my exhaustion, combined with my lack of sleep, combined with my realization that Jesse and Rafe really have been going easy on me all these years? 
Let’s just say that when they drag me back to the barracks, each with a hand under my arm to help hold me up, they’re not doing it for show. 
“I hate this,” I grumble, glaring at them. “I hate boy stuff.” 
“Yeah, well,” Jesse breathes, his words barely audible from his stupid smirking mouth, “you’re the one that wanted to be a boy.” 
Rafe just glares down at me, drawing my eyes to him. “What?” I ask, frowning. “I tried!” 
“You didn’t,” he says, frowning at me in turn. “You gave up. A lot. If you’re going to make it, Ari, you’re going to have to give it your all. You’re going to have to –”
“Oh, shut up,” I grumble, yanking my arms from theirs and willing myself to walk on my own, pushing myself to keep up with their long strides. “I can do it. I just need more sleep.” And to not have my wolf howling after my mates constantly. 
“That’s better,” Rafe snaps, his eyes again focused forward. “Hurry up, we want to get good showers – the hot water will be gone if we’re last.” Jesse nods eagerly and we all pick up our pace as we enter the barracks. When we get to our bunks we all yank off our boots as fast as we can and then hurry into the bathroom, beating the majority of the candidates there. 
As we grab bathing packs off the shelf – just towels and soap again – I see Jesse and Rafe look longingly at the tiled rows of open showers which are already spurting hot water. But then they glance at me, sigh, and join the short line for the three curtained showers with me again standing between them. 
I scowl, hating that they’re again giving up what they really want to stand with me, and T glance at the long row of open showers, hoping desperately that there’s still hot water by the time we have a chance to get in – and that the shower stalls aren’t disgusting already. like they were yesterday – 
? 
But suddenly my mouth drops open as I realize what I probably should have noticed instantly – 
Which I only didn’t notice because I’m a na?ve idiot who had the sense knocked out of her in training – 
But all the guys that are standing in front of the open showers? 
They’re completely n*ked. 
My jaw drops open with what I swear is an audible click as my eyes go wide and scan the line of n*ked boys in front of me, some of them laughing and chatting with each other as water streams over their
bare shoulders, the skin of their backs 
– 
Some of them are quiet though, clearly thinking through their day as they run the bar of soap over their muscled chests, dipping between their legs – 
My eyes go even wider as one guy half turns towards me, tilting his head back and closing his eyes as he takes the spray of water on his face. Because it’s…it’s Luca. 
1. Stop. Breathing. 
My entire world narrows to the sight of him before me – to the way that the water runs down his muscled chest, and ripples along his abs, drifting like a river all the way down to the defined v–shaped muscles alongside his hips – 
Luca twists his bottom half away before my eyes can drift any lower, but this just allows my gaze drifts over his perfect ass – god, I didn’t even know there was anything to like about a guy’s ass before today – but then my attention moves to the swell of his biceps, and then to his hands, which run lazy strokes through his water–darkened hair as he exhales a deep breath, water dripping down his cheeks – over his lips – 
Rafe and Jesse step forward. 
I do not. 
I stand transfixed, staring, practically drooling at the sight of my mate – 
Rafe suddenly turns back to me and goes still, his eyes flaring. “Oh my god,” he groans, grabbing me and yanking me forward before smacking me lightly on the back of my head. Jesse frowns at us for a second and then, realizing what happened, bursts out laughing.
“Ari,” Rafe growls, pushing me in front of him and turning me decidedly away from the view of my gorgeous, n*ked mate. “What is wrong with you!?” 
I blush horribly and don’t answer, doing everything I can to cool the reddening of my entire face before someone else notices.
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10 
“Ari’s just curious, Rafe,” Jesse says, still laughing and grinning, looking around to see if anyone noticed, but there’s no one behind us in line for the shower stalls yet and everyone else is too busy to care. “He’s led a sheltered life.” 
“And he’s going to continue to lead a sheltered life,” Rafe growls, glaring first at Jesse and then at me. “I’m serious, Ari – this is not…” he stumbles now, searching for words. 
“A meat market?” Jesse whispers wickedly, making me blush again. 
“Fine,” Rafe snaps, taking another step forward as another shower clears. “For a lack of a better term, yes.” He grabs my arm, leaning down to hiss in my ear. “We took you from home a virgin, Ariel, and whenever it is that you go home? You’ll be returning the same way. So, if you had any ideas otherwise, get them out of your head now.” 
I gasp, appalled, and shove my brother away. “Ew, Rafe! How did that!?” I look between Rafe and Jesse, shocked. 
– how do 
how do you even know 
“Oh, come on, Ari,” Jesse says, giving me a sad little smile. “When would you have had the chance? Uncle Dominic keeps you locked down –“ 
My jaw drops again as I stare between them, realizing that…that… 
“Oh my god,” I gasp, looking between them. “Are you two…are you not virgins!?”
Jesse laughs and gives a little shrug, playing it off like it’s not a big deal, but Rafe just clenches his jaw and stares forward at the shower stalls. Only a faint touch of pink on his cheekbones gives away the fact that he’s hiding something from me. 
“Rafe!” I shriek, swatting at him. “Who was it!?” 
“Stop. Shrieking,” he snaps, glaring at me and knocking my hand away. I purse my lips, tucking my hands behind my back and admitting, at least internally, that – okay – maybe that was a little more girlish than I’d like. But still! 
– 
“Seriously, Rafe,” I say, lifting my chin at him and demanding an answer. “Who did – who did you 
-“I blush again and curse my stupid cheeks. 
“We’re not talking about this,” Rafe snaps, ending the conversation as he strides into a newly vacated shower stall, whipping the curtain closed behind him. 
I spin on Jesse now, the same question in my eyes. 
“I don’t kiss and tell,” Jesse says, shaking his head with a smirk. I glare at him and he laughs, but then he gestures forward to an empty stall. “Go on, Ari. I’ll see you on the other side.” 
I give my cousin a glare and hurry into the stall, yanking the curtain closed and stripping down before letting the hot water run all over me, fuming over the hypocrisy of my brother and my cousin who are apparently insisting on my celibacy even if they themselves… 
Well. I guess the less thought on that, the better. 
But still, as I hastily soap down and let the hot water do its work unwinding my muscles, I wonder…
Is that even something I want to do? I mean, my attraction to my mates is undeniable, and my wolf basically salivates after them all day – but emotionally, am I ready for that? And even if I were…the Academy is notoriously rigorous, and there are more cuts once you’re admitted as a cadet. Half the reason that the academy is male–only is so that those enrolled can concentrate completely on their studies. 
Won’t having two mates just be an incredible distraction, if I even get inside the castle walls? Am I really willing to sacrifice everything the Academy offers just to…I don’t know, kiss them? 
Or more? 
sigh as I turn the water off, shaking my head, not knowing at all how I feel or what I want. But…maybe I don’t have to decide today, right now. There’s time, right? 
At least I hope there is…even though the way Jackson smells, and the way Luca looks when he’s n*ked? 
God, the memory of both sends shivers down my spine. 
When I emerge from the shower fully dressed in my dirty clothes – a little chagrined that I didn’t realize that I should probably have brought a set of fresh fatigues or something else to change into – I still haven’t decided what I think or feel about any of it. Jesse steps immediately forward and subtly scent marks me at my neck and wrists while Rafe watches, his arms crossed. 
“Probably good you’re wearing your dirty clothes,” Jesse murmurs, slinging an arm around my shoulders as the three of us head towards our bunks, my brother and cousin just 
OP
dressed in a towel wrapped around their waists like most of the other candidates. “Nobody’s going to be able to smell your girl scent in those.” 
I twist 
my head to the side, glancing to the right to where Luca and Jackson’s beds are, subtly considering that maybe it’s in my favor to be dirty, at least for a little while. 
“I’ll go get dinner,” Rafe says, quickly pulling on a t–shirt and a pair of soft pants that he’ll sleep in before heading off to the mess hall. Evening meal is simple for the first couple of months – they give us hot breakfast in the morning and a big lunch, but it’s just wrapped sandwiches and bottled water at night in the twenty minutes before lights out. Candidates eat in bed or gathered in small groups around our bunks. 
When Rafe strides away, Jesse finishes dressing and sits down on his bunk, patting the next to him in invitation. Knowing I can’t avoid it, I sigh and sit down. 
“Come on, Ari,” he says, friendly but stern. “Spill. I know something’s up.” 
spot 
“It’s nothing,” I mutter, not able to look him in the eye, but desperately tempted to tell him. Jesse – he’s always been a friend and a great listener, and I’m dying to talk to someone about this. I’m having trouble processing how I’m feeling about it all by myself. 
But still if he knows? Will he make me leave? 
– 
Jesse sighs. “Ari, either you talk to me about it, or I tell Rafe and let him interrogate you about it. Pick your battle.”
“Can’t you just trust me?” I ask, looking up at him with big pleading eyes that usually work. 
“Normally I would, cousin,” he says, bumping his shoulder into mine. “But when tackle me in bed and make me scent mark you at 2 AM, panting like you’ve just run a race? I’ve gotta know.” 
And I sigh, realizing that there’s no way out of this, and I…tell him. 
Well, I tell him some of it – about how I wanted to get clean, and how the showers were gross, and so I went out to the hot springs – 
Jesse groans when I say that, covering his face with his hands and falling back on his mattress. “Who caught you?” Jesse’s words are muffled by his palms. “Did they figure out that…” 
“No,” I say, shaking my head even though he can’t see me. “Secret’s safe.” 
“So?” he asks, dragging his hands down a little so he can see my face. “Who was it?” 
I bite my lip for a second, deciding whether or not to tell him, but I’m bursting to talk to him about it. When my wolf gives me an encouraging little prod with her nose, telling me to trust him, I lean forward. “Jesse,” I whisper, “it was my mate –” 
Jesse stares at me in shock, his mouth hanging open for way too long – until I start to worry that he’s like…frozen like that or something. 
“Jesse!” I hiss, giving him a sudden shove on the shoulder. 
“Ari,” he says, snapping out of it and sitting up fast. He grabs me by my shoulders. “Are you…are you serious? Your mate is here!?” 
His face is deathly pale, his eyes wide and scared like I’ve told him the worst thing he’s ever 
heard.
Well, my 
wolf says, turning in an anxious circle inside of me. At least you only told him 
about one of them… 
I hesitate, scared of his reaction and wanting to take it all back, but before I can say anything Jesse’s eyes flick to the side. 
“Whatever you do, do not tell Rafe,” my cousin hisses, leaning forward to make me hear him. “He will kill every guy in this room rather than let one of them touch you, let alone 
claim you 
“What?” I ask, shocked. “Why does he 
— 
66 
“Promise me!” Jesse snaps, shaking me once, hard. 
“Okay!” I burst out, surprised into agreeing. “Okay, I won’t tell him!” 
Jesse lets out a long breath and lets me go, turning away just as a wrapped sandwich lands in my lap. 
“Roast beef,” Rafe says, his face pleased. I look down at the sandwich in my lap, but I don’t touch it or say anything. I mean, I know my brother and my cousin are protective of me, 
but –
“What’s going on here?” Rafe says, and I look up to see him staring between Jesse and me. “What’s wrong?“ 
Chapter 10 
shake my head, not saying anything, but Jesse fumbles out some lie about being worried about the rankings. Rafe looks at me sympathetically, leaning forward to give me some kind of pep talk or advice, but before he can start a Lieutenant suddenly appears at the end of the bed, a tablet in his hands. 
“Candidate Rafe Sinclair?” the Lieutenant asks. 
“Yes?” Rafe asks, standing, suddenly all business. 
“A video call,” the Lieutenant says, holding the tablet forward, “from…the Palace.” 
My eyes go wide because…well, obviously I know who’s calling. 
“Thank you, Lieutenant,” Rafe says, nodding to the man and dismissing him even though he clearly outranks my brother. 
Rafe turns to me and Jesse, and I can see his mind working fast. He beckons Jesse forward, but I stay on the bed. When Jesse’s standing next to him and I’m sufficiently out of frame, Rafe presses the button to take the call. 
“Hey mom,” he says, pasting a big smile on his face. “Hey dad. What’s up?”
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11 
“Cut the crap, Rafe,” dad snaps, and my eyes go immediately wide because dad only uses that tone when he’s really mad. “What the hell are you doing at the Academy when you told us two nights ago that you were taking your sister somewhere safe?!” 
Jesse visibly gulps while Rafe struggles to keep his composure under what is probably dad’s most menacing glare. While the three of us obviously know that he loves us, he’s still probably the scariest man on the planet. Only mom is completely immune to him. 
“Rafe, you look so cute!” My face bursts into a smile when I hear mom’s voice coming through the video call. “Show me Jesse! Oh my god, your little uniforms!” 
“Ella -” Dad says on a sigh, reminding her that they called for a reason. 
“Oh right. Yes! Boys, where is your sister!?” 
“It’s fine, mom,” Rafe says, and I know that he feels more secure now, talking to her. Rafe 
we’ve got and mom have always had a special bond, just like me and dad. “I promise you everything under control, Ariel’s doing great 
66 
– 
“How is that possible,” dad grumbles, cutting him off, “when you are at a military Academy and she is – Rafe! Where the hell is she?!”
I wrap my arms around my legs and stare up at my brother, wondering if he’s going to break under the pressure of dad’s glare. Deep down I desperately hope he doesn’t – I’m not done here, not nearly. 
“We’ve got 
it all under control, Uncle Dom,” Jesse says, reaching out and turning the tablet so that my parents can see him. “We promise – we’d never let her be in any danger, and it’s actually safer if we’re the only ones who know!” 
“You have to trust us, dad,” Rafe snaps, turning the tablet back to him, starting to glare back at our parents now. “You know that we would both rather die than let anything bad happen to Ariel. So, either you call us all back right now, or you trust the three of us together.” 
The other line is silent for a moment and I go tense with hope. 
“We trust you, Rafe,” mom says, her voice thick with emotion. “If you promise that she’s safe and that you’re taking care of her? I believe you.” 
Rafe and Jesse shift their eyes, clearly looking at dad now. His answer takes longer. 
– 
“She’s my little girl, Rafe,” dad says, his voice cracking on the words in a way that makes my entire stomach tie in knots. “I know she’s growing up – you all are but god damn it, if you let anything happen to her “ 
“I won’t,” Rafe says, giving a single nod and looking steadily into the camera. Jesse nods too, sealing his promise as well. 
“All right,” dad growls, clearly unhappy with how this went but determined to trust his kids.
“Good luck, babies!” mom calls. “Don’t let them beat you up too much! And don’t 
– 
But then I hear dad sigh, and mom laughs, and a little smile pulls at my lips because I can almost see him shaking his head at her. Rafe and Jesse smile now too, saying their final goodbyes before Rafe turns the tablet off, tossing it on the bed before looking around to see if any of the other candidates have been listening in or figured anything out. When he decides they haven’t, he slips his hands in his pockets and turns his glare on me. 
“You’d better not make a liar out of me, Ari,” he growls, shaking his head. 
“What did I do!?” I gasp, sitting up straight and glaring right back. “I’m just going along with the plan!” 
– 
“What I mean,” Rafe growls, stepping towards me now and glowering over me – an act that just makes me roll my eyes because he’s been doing that to me since we were six – “that you’d better not do anything stupid that makes dad tear me to pieces because you got hurt, or killed, or pregnant.” He delivers the last word in a vicious whisper–hiss. 
“Oh my god, Rafe,” I snap, jumping to my feet from Jesse’s bunk and glaring back at him. “I’m not doing anything but trying to get into the academy just like you 
66 
“I wasn’t the one staring at the other candidates like they were prime cuts of meat –” 
“Ew!” I shout, slapping my hands onto his chest and shoving him, hard. “Rafe, you’re being ridiculous –”
Behind my brother, Jesse just raises an eyebrow at me, his face unusually grave. Because now…well, he’s probably figured out what, precisely, I was looking at. 
God, can he have already guessed who? 
I burst into a vivid blush for what feels like the hundredth time tonight, and before either of them can say anything else I grab my toothbrush kit from the edge of my bed and start to storm off to the bathroom, needing a moment alone. 
“Where the hell do you think you’re going!?” Rafe shouts, storming after me. 
“To brush my teeth, Rafe,” I growl, turning stop so abruptly that he smacks into me and makes me stumble a few steps back. His mouth pops open in surprise and I see the apology on his tongue for almost knocking me over, but I wave a hand in his face, dismissing it. “What, I can’t even do this alone!?” I snap, shaking my head at him as I step closer enough, close enough for him to hear my whisper. “Or is the risk of me getting pregnant, and ruining my entire life, too high!?” 
He glares at me again, but I can see him processing my words, realizing that he has perhaps. stepped a little over the line between protective big brother and complete asshole tonight. So I nod curtly once more and turn on my heel, storming into the bathroom alone. 
I pointedly refrain from looking towards the showers, where a few cadets are catching the final now–icy showers, and instead stalk right to the row of sinks where I furiously squeeze toothpaste onto my brush and stare blankly at the wall while I scrub my teeth. 
Stupid idiot brother, I think to myself, anger still pulsing through me. 
He just loves you, my contrary little wolf says, brushing her warm fur up against my soul and making me sigh in defeat, because I know she’s right.
Can’t you just let me be mad? I ask, leaning over to spit my toothpaste into the sink with a scowl. Sometimes a little anger can be very therapeutic. 
Nope! She replies, suddenly standing up straight and swishing her tail. Cheer better things to concentrate on! 
up 
– 
we’ve got 
What? I ask, standing up straight, but before I can even fully consider her words, a hand grabs the fabric at the back of my uniform and begins to haul me along, away from the sinks. I drop my toothbrush in surprise. 
“Come on, Shrimp,” Luca says, smirking down at me as he pulls me towards the door. “You and I are going to have a little talk.” 
“What!?” I gasp, and then as the surprise fades I snarl, putting my weight back into and trying to get out of his grasp. “Let go of me! I’m not going anywhere with you!” 
my heels 
Go! My wolf howls, prancing around inside of me, maybe he’ll kiss you – maybe he’ll take his shirt off! But I hastily shove her away, glaring up into my mate’s face. He doesn’t let of me at all, instead grabbing the front of my uniform now and leaning closer to whisper to 
1. me. 
go
“You either come willingly,” he says, raising his eyebrows, “or we go have this little conversation about what you were really doing out last night in front of your over- protective cousins, who I’m starting to realize don’t know anything about your midnight. bath and would probably not be thrilled to hear of it.” 
crap – if he’s figured out that 
My eyes narrow at Luca even as I inwardly shriek, because Rafe and Jesse are overprotective, that means he’s been watching me. 
And he’s right. After Jesse and Rafe’s little chat with mom and dad? They definitely don’t need any more information about my midnight adventure not tonight. 
But Luca – he’s not letting me out of this either. 
I take a moment to assess before I lift my chin at him. “Fine,” I snap, stepping back and jerking my uniform out of his hand. To my surprise, he lets me go. “But let me get my toothbrush,” I insist, pointing to where it clattered into the sink. 
To my surprise, Luca laughs. “They’ll give you a new toothbrush, Shrimp 
46 
“That’s wasteful,” I murmur, sending him a nasty glare over my shoulder as I go to retrieve my kit and come back to his side. 
Still smirking, he nods to me and wraps his hand again around my arm – 
The moment he touches me, even with fabric between us, a tingle runs through me, spreading from his hand all up and down my arm. My eyes widen and I look up to find him frowning down at me. 
He feels it too! This is so great! My wolf spins in a thrilled circle within me.
Luca stares at me for a long moment, but he doesn’t drop my arm. Instead, quite gently, he guides me from the bathroom, putting himself between me and my family so that they can’t see where I go. My heart starts to pound for a thousand reasons 
100 
Rafe’s going to kill me – 
Jesse’s going to figure out Luca’s my mate 
My whole body is tingling – 
– 
And crap – where is he taking me? 
– 
I’m going somewhere alone with my mate, what if he smells my scent!? 
Chapter II 
I’m basically panting with anxiety by the time I realize that Luca’s walking me over to his bed – my wolf lifts her nose with joy, howling a single high note to the sky as her toes tap in a skittering dance.
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12 
I gulp as we approach Luca’s lower bunk because I am completely out of my element never, ever been in a boy’s bed before except, obviously, a member of my family – 
— 
I’ve 
But Luca, to my relief, gestures me towards the head of his bed before sitting down on the other end, lounging back against the metal footboard with one leg bent at the knee, his arm wrapped casually around it. I grimace a little inwardly to see that his left boot is sole–down on his blankets. Slowly I lower myself onto the bed, perching on the edge, my eyes unblinking as I watch him. 
“Make yourself comfortable, Shrimp,” he says, raising his chin and indicating that I should relax. “I’m not going to bite.” 
My wolf gasps. Do you think we could get him to do that? He could give us his mark! 
Mentally I smack her on the nose and she gives a little yelp, but it does nothing to defer her excitement. 
Slowly I do as Luca bids, leaning back against his pillow a little and curling my bare feet beneath me. I don’t say anything though, letting him start the conversation. 
He grins at me, lifting his other leg and stretching it out along the length of the mattress, effectively pinning me in on my left side. I glance down at his gigantic foot, which is just inches from me now, before raising my eyes back at him. Without intending to, I wrinkle my nose. 
Luca bursts into laughter.
“Are you like, a clean freak or a germaphobe, Shrimp?” he asks, turning his foot so that he taps me with the dirty toe of his boot. 
“No!” I protest, even as I flinch away from his boot – mostly because I don’t want any more tingles but, also, yes! Because it’s a dirty boot! 
away. 
“You totally are,” he says, grinning at me from the other end of the bed but turning his foot 
“First you go 
take a secret bath in the middle of the night, then the only time I can get you alone is when you’re brushing your teeth, and now you’re scared of a dirty boot?” He raises an eyebrow at me, clearly entertained. 
“Did you ever consider that you’re just dirty, Luca?” I ask, leaning forward and flicking my eyes deliberately to where his shoe is pressed into his clean blankets. “Because I think that 
wanting a hot bath and brushing my teeth just makes me normal.” 
“So,” he says, leaning forward to peer at me, his smile deepening. “You know my 
I sit back, fast, blushing a little to have been caught out. 
name.” 
“Don’t worry,” he says, laughing again as he, too, leans back. “I know yours too, Shrimp.” 
“It’s not Shrimp,” I say, renewing my glare.
“I know, Ari Clark,” he says, tilting his head at me. “I just think Shrimp suits you better.” 
I don’t let my inner victory show, because of course he doesn’t know my real name. 
Tell him! My wolf ridiculously prompts. Maybe he’ll say it! Maybe he’ll whisper it! 
I swat at her again, but she dodges my blow and continues to run in excited circles. I sigh inwardly because she’s making it hard to concentrate. 
But frankly, so is he. 
Because, god damn it, but he is handsome. The way he’s sitting there, with his powerful body so relaxed – and how his scent is coming off of him in waves after his shower? 
God, that shower – I’m suddenly hit with the memory of him running his fingers through his wet hair- 
“So,” Luca snaps and I blink, gritting my teeth as I realize that I was just staring at him, thinking about what he looks like n*ked. No wonder he thinks I’m so weird. “What were you really doing out last night?” 
“I was just taking a bath,” I reply, my voice cold. “Like I said. Now are you going to let me go back to my 
bunk?” 
“What are the chances,” Luca says, ignoring my question, “that you and my mate would be outside at the same time? Just…coincidentally.” 
100% chance, I think to myself wryly, my eyelids lowering a little at the irony of his question. 
“My cousins are going to be pissed when they find out you kidnapped me,” I say, not bothering to answer, even as my body settles back against his pillow a little. Because as much as my mind knows I’ve got to get back to my bed? My body…wants to stay right here.
Being lightly interrogated by my gorgeous mate. 
My wolf yips in agreement. 
“What did she look like?” he asks, ignoring my comment and speaking swiftly, all pretense 
gone. 
“She’s really ugly,” I snap in reply, something in me wanting to piss him off. 
He bursts out laughing. “No, she’s not,” he says, shaking his head. “Come on, tell me.” 
“I don’t know,” I lie. “I didn’t get a good look at her.” 
“Why did you say she went north, and then when I pointed south, you confirmed that that was her direction?” 
“What?” I breathe, confused. 
– 
“I was testing you – you sent McClintock in one direction and me in another,” he says, leaning forward. “Why?” 
“I don’t know –” I spit out, frustrated with myself for not catching that. I remember, suddenly, the moment he’s talking about – after Jackson ran and Luca stayed crouched by the pool. I didn’t look where he pointed, I just said yes to whatever direction he was indicating. I just wanted him to go – 
“Why won’t you just tell me?” Luca asks, his tone suddenly changing as he leans forward further, studying my face. “Seriously, Shrimp – why are you holding out? Is she…is she in trouble or something? What bad thing would happen if you just told me why you were out there – ”
“I’m not lying –” I protest. 
“You are lying,” he says to me, stating a simple fact that’s frustrating because it’s true. It’s bizarre – like he can already read me or something. “You know something, Shrimp, and I can’t figure out why you won’t spill.” 
“If she ran from you,” I say quietly. “Maybe she doesn’t want to be found.” 
“Why wouldn’t someone want to meet their mate?” Luca asks, leaning forward, staring at my face. 
I go silent for a long moment, torn. Because on one hand I am the girl he’s talking about – 
? 
the one who’s running from him, trying to keep our bond a secret. And on the other hand… I’m sitting here in his bed. And I could shout for Rafe, or just get up and run. 
But instead I’m sitting right here, and we’re staring at each other in silence, and I know that there’s absolutely no place I’d rather be in this moment. 
Except…well, except maybe a little closer to him… 
Shit, I think, shaking my head a little. I am…I am in trouble here. 
And Luca, even though he doesn’t know what I know, he stares right back at me and the silence between us grows warm and comfortable. He turns his head a little in curiosity as he studies me and his eyes narrow, like he can’t…can’t quite see me or something. I watch, fascinated, at how his chest rises and falls as his breathing starts to deepen – 
– 
Some silent impulse comes over me – I don’t know what
I don’t know what – and as he watches I slowly run my tongue over my lower lip before pressing my lips together, wetting them. And then I leave my mouth slightly parted so that my breath rushes out over my lips as I exhale a deep breath I didn’t know I was holding. 
Luca’s eyes drop subtly then, fastening on my mouth 
And I swear to god, a shudder passes through him, traveling all the way down his spine. 
I sit up straight, suddenly realizing – 
But I don’t know what the hell I realize because a new hand wraps around my arm now and yanks me out of Luca’s bed. 
“What the hell are you doing here,” Rafe growls, glaring down at me as I scramble for my feet. 
“He made me!” I shout, pointing at Luca. “He – he –” 
66 
I hold myself back from saying anything else – because one, Rafe doesn’t need to know, and two, he’ll probably punch Luca or something ridiculous. 
So I sigh and, not knowing what else to do, snap my mouth shut. 
“Hey, Sinclair,” Luca says, and I turn to see him grinning at my brother with a calm equanimity that makes me wonder if I imagined everything that just passed between us 
I stare at Luca as he leans back against his footboard, lifting his arms to tuck his hands 
–
casually behind his head as he smiles at my brother. 
“Shrimp and I were just catching up,” Luca says, nodding his head toward me though he definitely, almost pointedly, does not look at me. “Always good for the little guy to make friends, especially with someone who can protect him.” 
“Ari’s got all the help he needs,” Rafe snaps, glaring first at Luca and then at me. “Are we good here?” he snarls, asking me in not–so–veiled code whether or not Luca needs to be punched. 
“We’re fine,” I say, rolling my eyes, my toothbrush kit still clasped in my fist. 
“Then let’s go,” Rafe says, pulling me along with him as he strides across the room. 
“Rafe,” I sigh, trying to figure out how the hell I can explain this as we get to our bunks. 
– 
“I don’t want to hear it,” he snaps, spinning on me and pointing his long finger in my face. “But you’re not going a single place alone ever again, Ari – not even to brush your teeth.” And with that he bends down and grabs me by the waist, his other hand reaching behind my knee, and I shriek as he basically launches me up into my bed. 
I hit the mattress hard, the breath leaving me for a second as I hear Jesse burst out in laughter from his bunk. 
“Rafe!” I shout in protest, starting to get pissed – I hate it when he throws me around just because he can 
“Good night, Ari!” he shouts, ending the conversation before he gets even angrier.
And I open my mouth to protest just as the lights flick off, which feels like a sign. So, I heave a sigh and flop back against my pillow, staring at the dark ceiling. I jump and give a little shriek as something hits my stomach. My hands fly to whatever it is, touching cellophane… 
“Eat your dinner,” Rafe grumbles. 
“I already brushed my teeth 
“Fine! Do whatever you want!” The bed shakes as my brother throws himself onto the bunk 
below me. 
My hands wrap around the sandwich though, because I realize quite suddenly that I am hungry. I was just too distracted by the events of the evening to realize it. 
“Night, cousins!” Jesse laughs, his words almost lost in the clatter of the rest of the candidates turning in alongside us. “Love you!” 
Neither of us reply. I just scowl, turning in my bed and quietly unwrapping my sandwich, taking a bite as I peering into the darkness towards Luca’s bed. And even though I can barely see anything at all, I swear I see his silhouette still sitting at the end of the bed, not having moved an inch. 
Except for his head – which is now turned towards me.
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13 
I sigh and drop my head back on my pillow as I finish my sandwich, curling up tight and pressing my eyes shut, going over every moment of my conversation with Luca in my 
head. 
Thinking about his handsome face, the way his eyes fell to my mouth, the ran down his spine — 
The fact that I did that to him… 
This is… 
I sigh, feeling suddenly overwhelmed. 
Because this is getting into some dangerous grounds, isn’t it? 
way 
the shiver 
Some wonderful grounds, my wolf corrects, curling into a little crescent and tucking her nose warmly beneath the edge of her tail. Sneak back over – let’s see if we can make him go all shivery again! 
No, I growl inwardly, shaking my head. Because as much as I’m completely distracted and fascinated by my new connections, I have to resist the urge to explore them right now. There’s far too much at stake – 
If I let Luca or Jackson in too much, I could get caught and then I risk losing my shot at trying myself in the Academy and I’ll risk having to go home and fulfill my promise to marry Prince Edward. As much as I’m intrigued…
I have to keep my distance. Which means doing my best to avoid my mates during the two weeks of candidacy. 
I can do that, right? Mates are forever – I will have time to explore my connections with them later, and right now I need to turn my mind to other things. 
I can do this, I tell myself with a steady nod, my eyes still pressed shut. 
No you can’t, my wolf sighs sleepily, closing her eyes. 
But I just ignore her, determined, and steady my breathing, willing myself to fall asleep. 
When a hand shakes my arm the next morning, I gasp awake out of a much–needed deep. 
in 
Chapter 13 
dreamless sleep. 
“Morning, Shrimp,” Jesse says quietly, grinning down at me from his perch on the side of my bed. “Time to get up!” 
“What?” I mutter, confused because it’s so quiet. Usually the mornings here are a mess of noise, all the candidates getting ready at once. I sit up and look around, realizing that everyone’s still in bed. So… 
“Come on,” he whispers, hopping silently down from the side of the bed. “We’re going for a walk and a chat.” 
“Oh god,” I sigh, but I pull my blankets off and hop down softly, taking note of the single finger pressed to Jesse’s lips as he glances towards the still–sleeping Rafe. I grimace, realizing that if we’re going without my brother…
There’s only one thing we’re going to be talking about. 
I groan, pulling on my boots and quickly lacing them before Jesse and I sneak quietly to the bathroom for our morning ablutions and then out the door of the barracks. As we pass my bunk I smile at my brother’s sleeping form, grateful again that he’s a good sleeper. 
But then again, in our big crazy family there wasn’t much choice but to be able to sleep through a great deal of noise. 
Jesse pushes open the door to the barracks and slips a friendly arm around my shoulders as we walk out into the dawn light, the fresh morning air bracing as the door shuts behind us. But as we start to walk, I glance back at it. 
“Why aren’t there any guards?” I ask, confused. “Like, why are we able to just walk in and out of this place?” 
“Because,” Jesse says, looking around happily at the pretty morning as we start out on a dirt track that leads towards the hills. “Candidates are all here voluntarily and they’re all determined to hold themselves to the rules. Because the school is going to cut the bottom 20% anyway, there’s no reason to stop candidates who want to take themselves out of the running.” 
“So we can just come and go at will?” I ask. 
He looks down at me and shrugs. “Some cadets like to go for an early morning run. Which is what we’re doing.” He gives me a wink and a little squeeze around the shoulders before dropping his arm and starting to stretch. “Ready?” 
My jaw drops open before I scowl at him. “You said walk!”
“I lied,” he says, grinning at me and starting off on the track at a gentle jog. “Come on! You need to keep up!” 
I groan, desperately wishing I at least had some coffee before this, and then I hurry to catch up with my cousin, who I know is only doing this for my benefit anyway. I really do need to get faster. 
Jesse and I jog in silence for a long while as he puts me through my paces, making me stay by his side until I’m panting for air while he, infuriatingly, barely breaks a sweat. When we get to the top of a hill he signals to me to take a break and I put my hands on my knees, catching my breath. 
“Why are you so much fitter than me,” I gasp, glaring at him. “I do…ballet. I do sports!” 
He grins at me and laughs a little. “You have hobbies, Ari. Dad and Uncle Dom have been prepping Rafe and I for this since we were kids.” He takes a deep breath, looking out over the gorgeous, hazy countryside with a smile. I follow his gaze as my breathing comes easier, likewise admiring the way that the hills roll and the early–morning clouds settle low over them. 
“That’s such crap, you know.” I say, crossing my arms and shaking my head, aware that my angry thoughts are in contrast to such a beautiful landscape. “I hate that you and Rafe got to become bastions of athletic prowess and I got to train to be a perfect wife and Queen.” I cross my arms, bitter as I stare out at the beautiful view. “A whole lot of good it did me, in the end.” 
“No one forced you into that engagement, Ari,” Jesse says gently, letting me have my bitterness while still pointing out the truth. “That was all you. Mom was pissed as hell when Aunt Ella let you move forward with it.” 
“Really?” I ask, my eyes wide. 
He nods and smiles at me. “Yeah, she said that she had seen your future at your moonlight baptism and that guy was not your mate – so why the hell would we let you go into a marriage that we knew
would fail? But Aunt Ella said you had to be free to make your own choices.” 
I turn my head to stare at him, baffled by this. “So, you knew the whole time too? And wait – they had this conversation in front of you!?” 
He laughs a little and runs his hand through his hair. “I may have been eavesdropping. Just 
216 
a little bit.” 
“Jesse!” I shout, reaching out to smack him but laughing as I do. Jesse – he’s always been good at being sneaky. 
“But seriously, Ari,” Jesse says after he dodges my hand, still smiling at me. “You trained your whole life to be a Queen, and it didn’t work out in that way, but the fact that your mate is here? Training for the Academy at the same time you are?” he shrugs and grins at me, a little baffled. “Honestly, I think it sounds a little bit like fate – like you’re meant to be here.” 
“I know,” I whisper, nodding with him. “It feels like…grandma has a hand in it.” 
He laughs, shaking his head a little at our inside joke of calling an all–powerful moon goddess “grandma.” 
“But Ariel,” Jesse says, and I turn to him, a little surprised to hear him use my full name in such serious tones. I raise my eyebrows, inviting him to say what he wants to say. 
Jesse sighs and puts a warm hand on my shoulder. “I get that you’re a big girl now, and that I have no right to tell you what to do, and that you’ve already got an overprotective big brother to play this role. But…” he hesitates and I step closer, wanting to hear what he has to say. “Just…maybe give this whole mate thing a little breathing room, yeah?”
“Why?” I ask, a little confused. 
“Well, your mate – he hasn’t figured out who you are yet, right?“. 
Slowly, I nod. 
“Maybe…” Jesse says, shrugging, “let it stay that way for a while – just until you learn more about him. I mean, I’m sure he’s great, but…” 
“Just say it, Jesse,” I say, frowning at him. 
“Ariel,” he sighs, shaking his head at me. “In your life you’ve only really spent time with men who really respect women and admire their mates. You’ve been a little bit sheltered, which is not a bad thing, but…not all men are like that.” 
“Yeah,” I say, nodding and raising my eyebrows at him. “I learned that when I heard my fiancé’s secret conversation with his dad – and thank god I did.” 
“I know,” Jesse huffs, looking off into the distance with a grimace as he, too, remembers what I dodged. “But see how easy it was to miss that? It’s just…not all guys are good to 
women – so many were raised to believe that women were born to serve them, or to be their second mom, or that women are inherently inferior. And a mate? He’s going to feel… so possessive over you, Ariel, from the start. I think, for you, I just want…” 
“A little time,” I say, finishing his thought for him, as I so frequently do. 
“Yeah,” he replies, turning to me with a little sad smile. “Time for you to figure out who this guy is and how you feel about him, before all this mate stuff gets in the mix as well. And for you to figure out if you actually want to like…date him. Let alone be mated to him.”
I laugh at this, shaking my head. Because Jesse’s right – I’ve never even had a boyfriend, let alone a mate. Let alone two mates. How on earth am I going to juggle all of this? 
“I think I want to just concentrate on getting into the Academy,” I say quietly, stepping close to my cousin and resting my head on his shoulder. 
“I honestly think that’s a good plan,” he murmurs, wrapping an arm around me and giving me a little squeeze. “I think you’re here for a reason, Ari – and I don’t think it’s just to meet your mate.” 
“I feel that way too,” I say with a confused frown know. And I’m glad you have my back.” 
— 
and honestly, it’s true. “But I’m glad you 
“Always, little Shrimp,” he murmurs with a happy sigh. After a long pause he speaks again. “Now. Are you going to tell me who this mate is?” 
“Nope,” I say, a little smirk pulling at my own lips now. “I get to keep some mysteries to myself, don’t I?” 
“Boo!” Jesse says, laughing and shoving away from me. “And now, just for that, I’m going to kick your ass double–time on this run back to the barracks so that we can make it for breakfast.” 
“Nooo,” I moan, tipping my head back. 
“Come on!” he whoops, starting down the hill at a full run. “Let’s raise that ranking, Shrimp! Plus, I heard there’s pancakes in the breakfast line today.” 
“Damn it,” I hiss, shaking my head, and my stomach growls because damn it… I want those pancakes. And so I take a deep breath before I start to sprint after him.
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14 
Unfortunately, my determination to take a little space from my mate and concentrate on raising my rank is immediately foiled when Luca comes sauntering over to our table with a tray full of food. 
“Hey,” he says, grinning at Rafe and Jesse with the trademark stunning smile that flares his dimples. “I come with a peace offering.” 
Rafe raises his eyebrow as Luca takes a plate off his tray, sliding it onto the table. I take a sharp breath as I focus on the pair of little raspberry pastries Luca brought us – the tray was completely empty by the time Jesse and I got through in line and it broke my heart – 
But Luca? Luca got two. 
“What for?” Rafe asks, smacking my hand when I immediately reach for one. I hiss, more in surprise than pain, and pull my hand back. 
“I didn’t mean anything when I took Shrimp over to my bunk last night for a chat,” Luca says, his face more serious now as he gives a little shrug. “I didn’t realize it would piss you off. I was just trying to offer my support – I know he’s low on the rankings, and I’ve soft spot for the underdogs.” 
got a 
I narrow my eyes at Luca now, because he’s blatantly lying – but he’s also protecting my secret. Luca’s eyes flash to mine and the corner of his mouth quirks up in a grin. 
“Ari is ours to protect,” Rafe says, looking Luca over from head to foot before picking up the plate and holding it out to him. Luca blinks in surprise and turns his eyes back to Rafe. I don’t think he’s used to rejection – not with that face and his fame.
“Ari,” I break in, rankling a little at the possession in Rafe’s voice, “is a full person who can make friends with whoever he wants,” I say, rolling my eyes at my brother and snatching the plate of pastries out of his hand. “This was nice, Luca – thanks. No harm done.” 
Rafe grumbles a little next to me but I elbow him, trying to remind him silently that I still have to fit in here. It won’t do us any good to make an enemy of Luca Grant by offending him. 
Plus, I want pastries. And for my mate to stay close at my side for a few more moments – damn but his scent is amazing, almost better than these flaky little Danishes – 
– 
“Want to sit?” Jesse asks, smiling at Luca and gesturing to the seat next to him. I pale a little 
– because, I mean, accepting a peace offering is one thing – 
But Luca, having breakfast with us? That’s starting to cross a dangerous line. 
Unfortunately, before I can think of a reason to protest, Luca cheerfully takes the seat and raises his eyes to mine, smiling at me a little deviously. 
Shit. This was his plan. He still has questions for me, and he knows that he has to get on Rafe and Jesse’s good side if he wants to ask them. 
Clever boy. 
I scowl at him and take a big bite of the pastry. Unfortunately for me it’s delicious, which makes it very hard to be mad and wary of my st*pid mate, who’s sitting across the table from me, smirking at his victory.
Jesse and Luca chat idly, introducing themselves even though they probably already know who each other are. Jesse ropes Rafe into the conversation too, though my brother only joins in begrudgingly. I concentrate on my pancakes, working very hard to ignore Luca. 
It works for a while, until he ropes me into the conversation as well. 
“So, what’s your plan?” Luca asks. “For getting Shrimp’s numbers up?” 
My head snaps up. “Why?” I ask, my nose scrunching a little as I glare at him. 
“I told you before, Shrimp,” Luca says, grinning at me. “I think you’re funny. It’s good for morale to keep the comic relief around.” 
My glare deepens, because we both know that’s not the truth, but I look away, not wanting Jesse to get suspicious about the connection between us. Frankly, I’m shocked Jesse hasn’t figured it out already – Luca’s making it so obvious. 
“And how do you propose to help?” Rafe asks, his voice low and derisive, clearly suggesting that it’s impossible, “on a day like this?” 
“I know,” Luca says, shaking his head a little bit and crossing his arms, studying me like I’m a lost cause. “It’s a shame he came in so unprepared…” 
“He was a last minute addition to the roster,” Jesse says, his voice dry. 
“Unprepared for what?” I ask, sitting up straighter and looking between them. “Wait, what’s today? What am I unprepared for?” 
“Today ends in another combat competition,” Rafe says, glancing over at me. “It affects the rankings. One–on–one, though, not bracket style this time.”
“How do you know this shit,” I breathe, shaking my head as I stare at him. 
“Our dads made the school, Ari,” Jesse says, rolling his eyes at me. “They told us. Nepotism for the win.” 
“Not like it’s a big secret,” Luca says, shrugging and finishing up a bowl of oatmeal. “There are all kinds of forums online where previous cadets spill the school’s secrets, if you know where to find them. Anyone who did any kind of prep at all to be here knows the schedule of candidate exams.” 
He quirks an eyebrow at me, clearly implying that I failed to do that essential research, but duh – of course I didn’t. I was busy planning my wedding. 
“Well how the hell am I gonna get through this?” I ask, looking a little frantically between my brother and my cousin. 
“Don’t worry about it, Ari,” Rafe says, taking a calm drink of his coffee. “They pit lowest against the highest for this one. So, you’ll be facing me.” 
“So!?” I ask, my voice squeaky with anxiety. “How does that help me? I can’t beat you’re a gorilla – you’re twice my size!” 
you 
GMS 
“You don’t have to beat me,” Rafe snaps, turning to glare at me a little. “You just have to pretend to. I’m going to take the fall.” 
“What?” I breathe, shocked.
“Whoa, man,” Luca says, his eyes wide as he stares at Rafe. “You’re going to give up the number one spot? For your cousin?” 
Rafe doesn’t reply, just shrugs and turns back to his tray, finishing off his food. 
“I don’t like any of my cousins that much,” Luca says, glancing up at the clock. “Shit, we’ve got to go – 
26 
“Rafe,” I say, putting my hand on his shoulder. “You can’t do that – we have to figure something else out —“ 
“It’s done, Ari,” he says, glancing at the clock as well and starting to stand up. “It’s not like it will knock me off the board – it will just drop me down a few spots and bring you up about 
half way. It’s worth it.” 
“Rafe!” I protest, standing up with him and gathering my tray. 
“No time to debate,” Jesse says, tugging me along with him and away from Rafe. “You have to let him do this, Ari. It’s the only way.” 
I sigh, not fighting him on it as the four of us bus our trays and head for the door just as a bell sounds, signaling the end of breakfast and the start of training. But inwardly, my mind whirs – because there has to be something that I can do that doesn’t put Rafe’s spot at the Academy at risk just to save mine. 
Unfortunately, as the day passes, I don’t come up with anything. We all troop into the gym together and are run through the horrible obstacle course twice as some kind of warm–up. The entire time I run it, I push my mind to come up with something – anything –
I mean, can I fake sick and make Rafe go up against someone else? But I don’t know what the the results of that would be – would they just kick me out immediately? Or…is there any way I could subtly swap spots with another candidate so I’m fighting someone easier? 
But what would that do? And who the hell would agree to that, even if it were allowed? 
I’m panting and defeated in two ways at the end of the second run of the obstacle course, which just… really feels like a kick in the face. My time improves, but I’m still dead last. When we’re finished the run, we’re lined up in our ranking order and lead into a sparring gym next door, which has mats already laid out ready for our bouts. We’re spread out at even distances and each handed a long wooden staff before we’re taught a series of moves that it takes hours to perfect. 
By the end of it, I have no idea what’s going on, and I’m anxious as well as exhausted. 
“You may have noticed,” the Captain booms out when we’re all standing quietly, “that the wooden staff is not a particularly high–tech or effective weapon in today’s battle climate. That’s why we chose it for this test. Our understanding is that very few people are proficient in staff work anymore. Today’s examination tests not only your physical prowess, but your ability to learn an unfamiliar fighting technique quickly. Though your sparring partner will for many of you be a mismatch, the unfamiliarity of the weapons evens the playing field.” 
Bullshit, I think, glancing at the front of the room where Rafe stands with his staff like an extension of his damn arm. No matter how unfamiliar the weapon, he’s still going to take me out with it. 
Unless he really intends to go forward with his idiot plan to throw the bout in my favor? 
I shake my head, realizing that the only acceptable plan is for me to throw it first. I nod to myself, decided. That’s the plan.
“The bouts will be paired with highest taking on the lowest – though some small variations. have been made in order to ensure fair play.” 
My eyebrows raise at this announcement. 
Wait wait what? 
– 
What does that mean? 
“When your number is called, pair up in your designated circle,” the Captain continues, sounding a little bored as panic flares in my chest. “In Circle 1 we have #1 against #119,” the captain says, pointing towards it. 
Rafe spins to look back at me, his eyes wide. My eyes snap to the candidate next to me, a small guy named Ben Ternicki, whose dark hair that falls into his face. He exhales a long breath, pushing his hair back under his cap as he looks over at me and shrugs. 
“In Circle 2,” the Captain snaps, “#2 will face #120.” 
The breath leaves me in a rush as I figure out, immediately, what they’re up to. 
– 
They know Rafe is related to me my cousin, we reported it on the intake form. So they rearranged the pairings so that he can’t face me in the bout. 
Which means… 
My eyes fall immediately on my opponent as he moves towards our circle, taller than the staff that’s in his hand.
Jackson McClintock. 
My bout is against Jackson, my second mate. 
“Good luck with that,” Ben murmurs to me as he looks between Jackson and Rafe. “Honestly, we’re both f**ked either way, but at least Sinclair probably won’t beat me to a pulp in the process,” he says, giving me a shrug as the Captain continues to call out names and the candidates start to move around the room. 
“Oh god,” I moan, leaning into Ben’s hand a little as he pats my shoulder consolingly. “I’m 
so screwed.” 
“Come on,” he says, heaving a little sigh. “Let’s go get the shit kicked out of ourselves.”
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15 
“Ari,” Rafe hisses, trying to get my attention in the sparring circle next to me. 
But I can’t take my eyes off of Jackson, who stares at the floor in front of us, rolling his shoulders back. God why is he even stretching – it’s not like he’s going to have to expend any energy at all to push me out of this circle – he could probably just growl at me and I’ll run screaming out of it myself – 
“Ari!” Rafe hisses, and I snap my attention to him. “You can’t forfeit,” he whispers hastily, searching my face to ensure I understand. “If you do, you’ll be disqualified. Just try not to fall, all right? Just engage once, stay on your feet, and let him push you out –” 
“Begin!” the Captain shouts at the front of the room. 
– 
Rafe hesitates, glancing between me and Ben, who steps into the ring, his staff clutched in his hands. 
I nod hastily to Rafe, letting him know that I understand. 
Then I look at Jackson – or, more correctly, up at Jackson, whose eyes are on me now. God, he just seems to keep going up, like a mountain – did he get like, taller? Since the last time I saw him? 
Did I shrink? 
“Come on,” Jackson grumbles, his voice flat as he nods towards the center of the circle, telling me to get inside. “Let’s get this over with.” 
I stare at him, my legs locking in fear – or in something – 
–
Because, as much as I need to concentrate on surviving this getting out of this ring as fast as I can – I just can’t stop wondering… 
– on doing what Rafe 
says and 
…what the hell my grandmother the Goddess was thinking when she picked this guy as my 
mate. 
My eyes sweep over him again, and while he is obviously an impressive physical specimen, he’s just so brutal. There’s absolutely nothing about Jackson McClintock that looks capable of being soft, or kind, or making me laugh. Everything about him looks built for violence and cruelty- there is nothing there that’s sweet. 
When I think about fated mates, I think about mom and dad, or Aunt Cora and Uncle Roger, whose personalities seem to have been made for each other. Mom’s soft side evens out dad’s harsh edges, but still deep down, they’re both fierce, dedicated, and loving. They even have the same weird sense of humor. 
This guy? He’s…he’s supposed to match me? 
I just stare at him, shaking my head in disbelief when he snaps his eyes up to mine. 
“Would you get in here!?” he snarls, the blue of his eyes flashing in demand, his words harsh enough to make me almost literally jump. My palms are sweaty as I take a single step forward, gripping the staff. 
His eyes sweep over me, his lip rising a little in distaste. “Are you even going to raise that?” he asks, nodding towards my staff. “Or should I just come…push you over?”
And something in the way he says that, the complete derision in his eyes… 
Well. It kindles something in me. 
My wolf growls in my chest, as pissed as I am. This guy might be twice my size and 
undoubtedly going to win the easiest bout of his life, but he doesn’t have to be a jerk about 
1. it. 
Don’t let him talk to us like that, my wolf snaps. Even if he’s our mate, we’re in charge. 
I nudge her sometimes. 
away, because while her sentiments are right, she says ridiculous things 
“Fine,” I say, raising my chin and tightening my hands on the staff, falling into the stance they just spent hours teaching us. “Let’s do this.” 
“Your funeral,” Jackson murmurs, his words barely audible over the sounds of sticks banging against each other and bodies hitting mats all over the room. Then he falls into his own stance, and our bout begins. 
Get out fast, I say to myself, remembering Rafe’s words. Don’t let him get me to the mat. 
Jackson and I start slowly for a moment, circling each other, looking for openings, but he strikes quick as a cobra, taking advantage of his larger size and charging for me with a wide swing of his staff. Panicked, I leap to the side with a little yelp, ducking to avoid the of wood that probably would have cracked my skull if it had landed. 
sweep
Some instinct in me kicks in, either from the quick lesson we just received or my years of casual sparring with Rafe and Jesse, and I move in closer, knowing that he has $ chance of hurting me if he can’t use his whole range. Quickly, I use the butt of my staff to jab at the outside of his knee, connecting solidly. 
Jackson gives a little gasp of pain and his leg buckles slightly, but my victory is short–won, because before I can comprehend what’s happening he gives a bellow, spins his staff in his hands and sweeps it behind me, hitting me hard behind my knees and taking me down. 
The air rushes from my lungs as my back smacks against the mat. As I gasp for air all I can think is shit – shit Rafe told me not to fall 
I roll onto my stomach, hoping that I can get to the edge of the circle, that if I get close Jackson can push me out and end the bout- 
But suddenly he’s on top of me, holding his staff in either hand and looping it over my head so that it presses against my neck. When he pulls back, I’m lifted onto my knees, my back pressed to his chest, the staff choking me so that I can’t get any air 
– 
Something electric passes between us as our bodies touch but I can’t concentrate on that as I gasp, desperately pressing my hands against the staff, trying to get it away from me, but he’s so much stronger than I am – 
“Yield!” Jackson demands, shouting the word above me. I nod frantically, trying to yield, but he doesn’t let me go. 
“Ari!” I hear someone shout – Rafe but I can’t see.
“Do not interfere!” someone snaps. 
– 
“I told you,” Jackson continues, lowering his head so that his mouth is close to my ear now, “to yield –” 
I drop my shaking hands, trying to do whatever I can to communicate that I’m giving up – that he’s won 
– 
When suddenly he goes rigid behind me, and then slack, and the staff falls away from my neck. 
Immediately, I collapse onto the floor, coughing and gasping for air. My eyes are shut as my face presses to the mat. I press my palms flat, letting air flood my lungs – 
But something grabs my shoulder, spinning me – my back hits the floor hard and terror 
runs through me as my eyes fly open to see Jackson crouched above me, his eyes flaring. I gasp as I realize that he’s losing control – that he’s going to shift into his wolf in moments if he doesn’t contain himself 
Because if he does that, I’m a goner – he’ll shred me to pieces – 
“No!” I shout, my hands going up, pressing to his chest, desperate to – I don’t know him off of me? Or to remind him that he’s a man and that he can’t kill me 
– 
to get
As soon as my hands touch him a pulse pounds between us in the air, like a shock wave or a…….god, I don’t know how to describe it. Jackson’s eyes go wide as my mouth falls open, as my hands begin to heat where they touch him. 
Jackson’s eyes fly to his chest and he whips one hand upwards, seizing both of my wrists and yanking them backwards, pinning them up above my head as he looms over me, snarling, pinning me to the floor with the weight of his body. 
I 
gasp in fear, turning my head away and pressing my eyes shut. 
“Ari!” I hear Rafe’s shout again, and then the noise of pounding feet. 
“What,” Jackson snarls, and I can feel him movinging closer to me, hear him taking a deep sniff of my scent. “What the f**k are you!?” 
I sob a little gasp of fear, shaking my head, having no idea how to answer that or if I’m about to die – 
When suddenly… 
There’s nothing holding my wrists anymore. And the weight lifts off my body. And then the shadow retreats, and light presses against my closed eyes. 
I stay perfectly still for a moment before I peek through my lashes to see… 
Nothing. No gigantic wolf bent on my destruction. 
Nothing. 
I look around for him, frantic – what is he planning, some kind of second attack!? But he’s not there. I sit up, confused, looking for him, terrified for what’s coming next…
And suddenly I spy him across the room, stalking towards the door. 
My face goes slack because I…I don’t understand it… 
“The bout in Circle 2 goes to 120,” a dry voice says next to me, and I spin my head to see a Lieutenant marking his clipboard before walking away. And suddenly Rafe is kneeling at my side, his hands on my cheeks, his eyes moving over me frantically. 
“Are you all right?” Rafe gasps, his eyes moving over me frantically, looking for wounds and broken bones. “Did he –” 
“How did…” I start, shaking my head to clear it, “how did I win!?” 
“Because,” Rafe growls, falling back on his ass and shaking his head at me when he realizes I’m okay. “You’re still in the ring. He’s not.” 
My eyes go wide as I look around me and realize that Rafe’s…Rafe’s right. 
I’m still within the circle. And Jackson is…gone. 
“Welcome to the top 80% of candidates, Ari,” Rafe says, shaking his head at me, as baffled as I am. “I don’t know what kind of mystical intervention just happened, but it may have just saved your ass. 
I groan and flop back on the mat, wishing to hell I had some idea what on earth is going on.
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16 
The rest of the bouts around us begin to end pretty quickly, with Lieutenants moving around the room recording the results. Rafe and I sit quietly together in my circle and, even as my mind whirls fruitlessly, trying to figure out what the hell just happened, my eyes scan the room for Jesse and for 
Luca. 
Did they win? Did they keep their place high in the rankings? 
“If you’re finished,” a Lieutenant says, stopping by our circle, “you should go to lunch.” He nods towards the door before he moves on. 
“Come on,” Rafe says, standing up and grasping me by the arm to pull me with him. 
“I can stand,” I mutter, even though he’s already pulled me to his feet. 
Rafe doesn’t say anything, but he keeps hand on me as we move towards the gym door and towards the barracks cafeteria. As we get into the lunch line which I’m pleased to see we’re at the start of, lucky us – I turn to him suddenly, realizing that I’ve been too lost in my own thoughts to ask. 
“Wait, did you win?” I ask, eager. 
Rafe just glances at me and rolls his eyes, because duh, of course he did. I laugh, unable to help it. 
“You don’t have to be so smug about it, Rafe,” I sigh, heaping mashed potatoes and gravy onto my plate along side the roast meat and peas. 
“I’m not being smug, it’s just that the outcome of my bout was basically predetermined,” he sighs, grabbing two bottles of water and passing me one.
“Well so was mine,” I say as we carry our trays over to our usual table. I grin as I see Jesse coming through the door, Luca at his side. Jesse waves to us as he and Luca jog towards the food line. “But my result did not match the odds.” 
Rafe settles across the table from me and frowns. “Yeah, we need to talk more about that,” he murmurs. “What the hell happened? Tell me everything.” 
“Um,” I say, starting on my food, for which I genuinely am hungry today. “It all happened very fast…” I hesitate and then say what I can, about how Jackson basically had me pinned before he inexplicably bailed. As I speak, I look around the room for Jackson, who frankly should have been the first person in here. 
But he’s nowhere in sight. 
Rafe hums in thought, considering my story and asking for more details, but I say that’s all I know. a whiff Because I’m certainly not going to tell him what I suspect to be the truth that Jackson got of my scent and realized that he might be murdering his mate. 
But, if he’d figured that out, why did he just….leave? Why didn’t he say anything, or confront me? 
I gnaw on my lip, distracted enough to jump a little when Jesse’s tray lands next to mine. 
“So?” Jesse says, looking eagerly between Rafe and I as Luca puts his tray down next to Rafe’s. Luca nods around to us in a friendly way and looks at me with commiseration in his eyes. “How’d it go?” 
“I won,” Rafe says with a casual shrug, “you?” 
Jesse nods eagerly and gestures towards Luca. “Him too. Solid bouts poor kids, it’s really unfair that they put top versus bottom, even though it works out well for those in the middle.”
“Yeah, it’s a shame, Shrimp,” Luca says, his mouth twisting with regret as he looks at me. “Seriously, do you have a hidden skill or something? Or are you crazy smart? Because otherwise –” 
“Why.” Rafe says dryly, interrupting Luca while concentrating coldly on his lunch, “are you assuming that he lost?” 
Luca stops mid–sentence, looking between Rafe and me. I raise my eyebrow at him, adopting an arrogance that I absolutely have not earned. 
“No way,” Jesse breathes, and then he starts to laugh. “No way!” he says again, a shout this time, and he wraps his arms around my shoulders, rocking me back and forth. “What the hell, Shrimpy!? How did you do that?” 
I can’t help but laugh with his enthusiasm but I swat him away, trying to be cool life Rafe does with no effort at all. “It’s not a big deal,” I sigh, though I blush a little, because it kind of is a big deal. I mean, there are more tests coming, but this one will give me a significant boost in the ratings that I absolutely need, especially considering that I’m still coming in last in the obstacle course. 
“Are you 
serious?” Luca asks, his voice thick with disbelief as he leans forward to stare at me. “You…. you beat McClintock?” 
“Maybe you should learn not to underestimate me so much, Grant,” I say, my voice dry as I pretend to concentrate on my food. “Or I’ll take you out next.” 
Luca laughs a little at my hubris and grins at me. I can’t help the little smile that pulls at my lips. My brother looks up at me then with a small smirk on his mouth, pleased with me and proud. Because even if I didn’t really win the match? I’m at least learning how to handle myself around these guys.
I burst into a smile at that and we fall into an easy conversation then, eating our food hastily because we know the day isn’t nearly over. 
We’re all shepherded into what looks like a classroom after lunch, with one hundred and twenty little desks all lined up in neat rows, a pack of paper and a pencil neatly set on each one. New ratings haven’t been calculated just yet, so I’m in the back row again with Ben Ternicki. He nods to me with a little smile and I shrug at him, communicating without words that I’m sorry my beat him in the match. 
brother 
Ben just shrugs like it was inevitable and I grin, liking his easy sense of humor. My eyes pull away 
from him, though, when I notice a bunch of figures in black enter the room, spreading out behind the head table and observing the candidates. 
“Who are they?” I whisper, leaning over to Ben. 
“Professors from the Academy,” he whispers back. “They’re probably specialty subjects. They’re allowed to come down and note any candidates who they think might be worthwhile, even if they don’t otherwise stand out.” 
“Oh.” I say, my eyes going wide as they focus on one professor in particular with a handsome, angular face, his dark hair pulled back into a knot at the back of his head. “I didn’t know there was a…way in. Beyond the examinations.” 
Ben nods and I look down at the papers on our desks, the cover sheet marked with our candidate number and name. “What are these?” I ask as the Captain commands us to sit. 
“Logic test,” Ben answers as we take our seats. “Basic math, word problems, that sort of thing. It’s a thinly veiled IQ test.”
“Oh.” I say, my eyebrows going up. I’ve never taken one of those at least not to my knowledge. 
– 
“Begin,” the Captain calls from the beginning of the room, his voice dry. “Bring your test up to the front when you’re finished with it. And then you’ll be dismissed.” 
I nod to Ben, wishing him luck, and then I flip to the first page, sinking into a calm, almost meditative state, moving through the exam pretty quickly as soon as I realize that these are the kinds of problems our have tutors trained us on since we were kids. It’s a relief, honestly, because this? This is my wheel house. I was always good in school. 
The exam takes almost two hours, but I write my answer to the last problem and set my pencil down with a satisfied smile. I mean, it was tricky, and the problems got harder as the test progressed. But…I know I got them right. Every single one. 
I sigh, pushing my chair back, and I jump a little at the screech it makes as it slides across the floor. Awkward, I look around the room to see if I’ve disturbed anyone…. 
And my eyes go wide to realize that I’ve disturbed everyone. And they all turn to look at me. 
I glance down at the test in my hands, wondering if I missed a page or something, because…I mean, I know I’m smart. But I can’t have finished first, right? 
Another chair scrapes across the room and I flinch when I realize that I recognize the giant form that stands up next. He turns and looks back at me and my eyes meet flinty blue steel. He stands still, and I realize that he’s waiting for me. 
Because I stood up first.
I stumble a little as I move away from my desk and then, scowling, I hurry to the front of the room. To my chagrin, Jackson starts in that direction so that we get to the head table at the same time. 
Heat rushes to my face as I look down at my shoes and my mind spins because – what the hell is going to happen? 
Is he going to like punch me? For taking his victory from him? My shoulders seize despite me as my whole body tenses, waiting for him to act.
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17 
“Well?” Jackson says, his voice low, and I flinch again god, that’s getting annoying as I snap my head up to look at him. He gestures towards the head table. “Hand in your test.” 
“Um,” I say, and then another chair scrapes in the room. Someone else is finished too, and headed this way. “You take it.” I say, making a snap decision and nodding towards it. 
“You finished first,” he growls, taking a menacing step towards me. 
I shock myself by holding my ground. “Just turn in your test, Jackson,” I growl, looking up into his eyes, starting to get pissed. Because if one of us doesn’t do it, whoever finished next certainly will. 
Jackson comes to the same conclusion that I do at the same moment, seeing the next candidate. walking towards us. He snaps his gaze to me for a moment and then turns, expressionless, and places his test face–down on the table. I follow, doing the same, fully aware that if Jackson did as well as I did on this exam he just took first. 
Which…well, it doesn’t really make much of a difference to our rankings, not really. But at least, to me, it feels like we’re more even now. 
He gave up one for me, even if he didn’t mean to. And now? I’ve given one back. 
As far as I’m concerned, we’re square. 
face And as I walk about ten feet behind him towards the barracks, doing my very best to turn my away so that I don’t catch any spare sniffs of his scent. I very much hope that that’s the end of any interaction that me and Jackson McClintock get to have for my entire time at the academy. 
Or, at least that’s what I tell myself.
My wolf, who lifts her head in the air and eagerly sniffs at his scent, her eyes half–lidded, her tongue. lolling from her mouth? 
She, clearly, has other ideas. 
Get ahold of yourself, I growl to her. 
No way, she says, shaking her fur out as a shiver passes through her. Do you remember the way pinned our wrists above our head? Imagine what he could do in bed 
“Oh 
my 
y god,” I murmur aloud, clenching my fists and storming past Jackson as we both walk through the door, locking down my mind and not letting any more of my wolf’s ridiculous thoughts in. 
Because the last thing I need to be thinking about now is… 
Anything close to that. 
he 
I climb up into my bed and lay down on top of my blankets, tucking my cap low over my eyes before I close them, waiting for Jesse and Rafe to come back so that we can take our showers and end this crazy day. 
Luckily, I don’t have long to wait. They’re not stupid, after all. 
“Cousin!” Jesse says, popping up by the side of my bed and making me gasp a little in surprise. He laughs as he reaches out to shake my shoulder. “Nicely done! I saw you get up first.”
“Maybe you’d have been done a little faster,” I say, raising an eyebrow at him as I sit up, “if you’d kept your eyes on the exam, instead of worrying about how everyone else was ranking.” 
“How could I do that,” he says, rolling his eyes, “when the exam was so boring.” 
“Not everything is fun, Jesse,” I say, sighing and hopping down from my bunk, starting to gather my 
bath stuff. 
“Nope,” Rafe says, walking up and putting out a hand out to stop me. “Not yet. We’re not done today.” 
“What?” I ask, looking between them. I mean, the day is done there is nothing else scheduled, and frankly I am beat. So what… 
“Come on,” Jesse says, slinging an arm around my shoulders and leading me away. “We’ve got a surprise for you.” 
I groan, but Jesse grins and Rafe is solemn as they walk me through the barracks and back towards the door. I have a bad feeling that whatever this is? It’s not going to be fun. But before we can get to the door, Rafe pauses, peering into one of the bunks. 
“Ternicki,” he says, and I turn curiously to see Ben’s head snap up, confused. “Come on,” Rafe continues, nodding to the door. 
“Where?” Ben says, a line of confusion forming between his brows. 
“Does it matter?” Rafe asks, dry, and Ben laughs a little, shrugging and getting out of bed, slipping his boots on and starting after us without tying them. He catches up fast, looking between us all curiously but not asking any questions. I shrug at him, letting him know that I don’t know either, and we both sigh as Rafe and Jesse lead us back into the gym.
“We’ve got an hour,” Rafe says, flicking on the lights and striding into the room. “Let’s go.” 
“Wait, what is this?” I ask, looking around, confused. 
“Look at it as…extra credit,” Jesse says, turning to grin at Ben and me as he walks backwards into the room after Rafe. “You both need the extra work if you’re going to make any progress on these physical exams. So,” he shrugs, “we’re going to help you do that.” 
“Which,” Rafe says, turning to glare at us a little, “is Jesse’s nice way of saying that we’re going to spend an extra hour kicking your asses every night until you can make the cut.” 
Chapter 17 
“Wow,” Ben says, his eyes going wide. 
“Ohhh no,” I groan, simultaneously, looking over my shoulder at where the showers are probably already filling up with cadets, all of the lovely hot water running down drain… 
“Come on, Ari,” Rafe says, nodding towards a pull up bar. “You need this.” 
I sigh, dragging my feet and heading over to him, but Ben’s words stop me.. 
“Wait.” Ben says, taking a step forward but frowning at my brother and my cousin. “Him, I get,” he says, gesturing towards me with his thumb. “But why are you helping me?” 
Rafe just shrugs. “I think you got a bad turn, being pitted against me in the bout today. So, I figured, why not give you a shot. We were doing it anyway one more isn’t much.” 
I smile at my brother, who is trying to play off his kindness, even though we all see through it. The truth is that Rafe likes an underdog – he can’t help it, he’s soft–hearted like mom, even if he pretends that he’s not. It’s probably why he acts tough all the time – so no one figures it out.
“Well, thanks,” Ben says, smiling and running a hand through his hair. “I mean it. Thank you.” 
“It’s no bid deal,” Jesse says, gesturing for him to come over. “I noticed, on the first day, that you’re… kind of shit at throwing a punch. Let’s work on that.” 
Ben laughs and nods and the two get to work as I walk over to Rafe and wrap my arms around his waist, unable to help myself. 
“My big brother is nice,” I say softly, grinning and giving him a squeeze. 
“Don’t tell anybody,” he mutters, pushing me away. “Now stop trying to get out of work. Up!” 
I sigh and stare up at the bar, thinking that the last thing I want to do is chin–ups. 
But as I stand, staring, regretting my choices, suddenly Rafe grabs me by the waist upwards so that my only choice is to grab the bar and swing from it or fly across the room. 
and hoists me 
“Rafe!” I gasp, glaring at him. “I told you stop throwing me around!” 
“I’ll stop throwing you around the day you can do a chin–up unassisted,” he says, smirking at me and putting his hands beneath my feet so that he can take a little bit of my weight, making it just a little easier for me to lift my weight. “Now let’s go, Ari – three sets of ten, and then we’re doing pushups.” 
I groan, but I get started because even as I complain? 
– 
I know they’re just doing it for me. That my brother and my cousin are skipping their chance at a hot shower and first in line for food to help me.
And that outweighs any of the misery of chin–ups. 
Chapter 17 
Which is saying something 
Because I am…really bad at chin–ups. 
“Come on. Ari!” Rafe shouts, laughing at how much my arms tremble as I work to pull myself up so 
that my 
chin rises above the bar. “Let’s go! Seven more, and then a break, and then six thousand 
after that. 
“I hate you.” I grumble. But he just grins at me. Because he knows I mean the opposite. 
And I sigh and get to work, trying very very hard – and failing to not think about Luca, who is probably stripping down for his shower right about now…
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18 
I’m almost too exhausted to notice how fast the next week passes. Jesse wakes me up early every day, and I scowl at Rafe. who snores peacefully while Jesse drags me out the door for our run. He seriously puts me through my paces, too, not even relenting when I try to bribe him. 
“Please.” beg. “I’ll give you my crown –” 
“Why would I want your crown. I’m a duke –” 
“But dukes,” I pant, “don’t get anything pretty to wear on their heads –” 
But Jesse just laughs, and makes me run harder. 
The candidate lessons are no less brutal. Every other day is spent running through that damn obstacle course, and even though Jesse and Rafe make me work out every night I still can’t climb that damn chain. I mean, I am getting better, which is satisfying, I can pull myself up about three feet of it now. But still, every day, after ten minutes of trying, the Lieutenant at that point on the course blows the whistle and lets me climb the ladder, putting a further demerit on my time. 
Even Ben gets up faster than I do now, looking down at me with apology in his eyes as he does. But I just scowl and wave him off. 
Rafe and Jesse really put the time in with Ben and I every evening, which has actually become as fun as it is useful. Ben has proven himself to have one hell of a sense of humor, and he makes me laugh so hard it feels like my sides will split. Even Rafe, as he pushes us around and tells us to get back to work, can’t help but smile. 
Still, it’s nice to have made a real friend.
Every day the four of us eat our meals together and every morning our eyes go immediately to the ranking list to see what the previous day’s exams – if any have done to our numbers. 
And while I’m never, ever going to beat out the big guys like Rafe and Jesse – I have to say, I’m holding my own. 
This morning. I grin when the numbers come up to see that I’m ranked at 75 – a personal high spot. for me. Jesse slaps me on the back, laughing and grinning. 
“Nicely done. Ari!” he says, smiling at me with true pleasure. “Looks like the marksmanship competition yesterday did its work.” 
He’s not wrong. There are still enough hand–to–hand bouts that while my win against Jackson and my second place on the logic exam pulled me out of the cut zone above 96, I’ve been hovering right on the edge for days. But yesterday, when they finally put a crossbow and then a gun in my hands? 
Then I really showed them what I could do. Because even if dad didn’t let me train like Rafe did, he always made sure I could handle myself with a gun more than handle myself, really. I came in 
? 
Chapter 18 
second, talling only behind Rafe ben beating Jesse, who came in at 
“Thank you.” I say, preeting a little as 1 digitory pancakes. But when my eyes all on Bere’s blank 
expression. I feel instant galt. Because here I am celebrating, and I didn’t even look to see how he 
“We’re going to get you there. Ben,” Rafe says as my eyes fly back to the hoard, where Ben is ranked at 100. Four spots. That’s nothing”
“You really are getting faster, Ben,” I say, nodding to him encouragingly. 
“Don’t fuss over me. Ben says, his face breaking into a smile as he waves a hand around at us. “I’m fine. Seriously, it’s fine, it’s way better than 119, where I was So Progress is a good thing 
I smile at him, nodding, even though a knot twists in my stomach. Because there are only 5 days left until the final ranking, and both of us are still in a great deal of trouble. None of our runs of the obstacle course have counted yet, and the one on the last day? It counts as double any of the rest of the tests, because we’ve practiced it so many times. 
And Ben and I: Even despite our extra credit work after hours with Rafe and Jesse we’re still crap 
at it. 
Inwardly, I sigh, wondering how much better we can even get, or what the other exams will be. 
We can do it! My wolf yips encouragingly, prancing around inside me. We are strong and brave! No one can stop us! 
Smiling. I run a mental hand over her fur, grateful for her high spirits and constant support. 
And then, once we’re in the Academy, she babbles, we can get a private room! And invite our mates over to visit us – 
I sigh, shaking my head and brushing her away, ignoring her crazy 
words. 
But, even if she can’t stop thinking about our mates, I have to admit…the lure of the Academy itself? It’s starting to sound better and better.
Chatter has been going around, of course, about what life is like inside. And honestly…I can’t wait to see it – presuming, of course, that I get there. It just sounds amazing – you get sorted into a discipline, and then you get to spend months learning the most in–depth, obscure, secret things about whatever that discipline is 
I bite my lip, hoping to hell that I get sorted into the espionage track. Because while I am clearly not a warrior – I don’t have the brute strength for that the hours spent learning how to spy, or to craft poisons, or become an expert sharpshooter, or a master of any variety of tiny, obscure weapons? 
Damn, but that sounds just like…everything I’ve always wanted to do and never knew was even an option. 
Chapter is 
“Well done, Shrimp!” A loud voice says, and I jump a little as an arm slides around my shoulder. giving me a squeeze as Luca sits down next to me. He’s frequently a 5(th) at our meals, or at least stops by once a day to say hello. And while my wolf turns in eager, excited circles as soon as his summer citrus scent hits our nose, I grit my teeth in frustration.. 
Because whenever Luca’s here? He concentrates on me, and teases me, and drops little hints about things that know. And I swear to god, one of these days 
and figure out what I can’t believe he hasn’t already sense’s going to break out of his little fog 
– 
That Luca’s here to see me, and only me, even if he doesn’t know precisely what draws him to this table.
I don’t say anything to my mate as he reaches out to give Jesse and Ben high–fives. He offers one to Rafe, who just gives him a little glare, but Luca laughs it off as he takes his spot next to me. 
“Seriously, I’m impressed,” Luca says to me alone, and sigh as I turn to look at him. And seriously, it’s not that I don’t want to look at him – 
It’s just. God damn it. Every time I do. I get this stupid smile on my face, and can’t help feeling like my whole body is filled with butterflies – 
Because I have this stupid, ridiculous girly crush on him- 
But how can I help it? He grins at me with that perfect face, his dimples flaring, his pretty brown eyes shining at me….. 
And, I mean, I basically swoon. The guy’s a celebrity heartthrob for a reason, doubled by the fact that he’s my mate and I’m unendingly attracted to him on a soul level? Oh, and tripled by the fact that over the past week I’ve figured out that he’s nice, and funny? 
My wolf sits back on her haunches and howls. 
I clutch my knife and fork to avoid the insane urge to reach out and run my fingers through his hair. God, I bet it’s so silky….. 
“Thanks, Luca,” I say, interrupting my own thoughts and doing my best to keep my voice dry. “I noticed I kicked your ass in marksmanship. What, you can’t hit something if it’s not three feet in front of your face?” 
He bursts into laugher at this, grinning at me. “Want to f**k around and find out, Shrimp?” he asks, lifting his fists into his boxers stance and winking at me.
God, f**k, yes, yes I do, I moan inwardly. 
But outwardly I just give a cool shrug and turn back to my waffles. Luca turns his attention to Jesse. chatting about his own ranking of 9, while Rafe lifts his head a little and shakes it at me, because he knows I have a crush. Of course he does – he watches me like a hawk and he’s known me since I 
was born 
2.30 Sun, 
Chapter 18 
I press my lips together and tilt my head to the side, staring at him, willing him to read my thoughts that adamantly protest that I am doing my best and that I can’t help it. 
Rafe just smirks and gives a little shrug, saying without words that he knows. He gives a little nod, letting me know I’m not in any trouble. 
But as I let my attention drift back to Luca? As I watch him lean forward towards Jesse, his shoulder coming dangerously close to my face, giving me just the…the perfect little sniff of that scent that makes my eyes drift shut and my toes curl? 
God damn it. Even if Rafe doesn’t think I’m in any trouble? 
I absolutely, patently am. 
And it’s only a matter of time before this comes to a head. 
Especially because after Luca leans forward to give Jesse another high–five- god, why do boys do that so much? – when he leans back in his chair, he casually, just barely lets his fingers drift across my back.
That tingle that rises in me whenever we touch rushes through my skin, tracing the pattern of his fingers as they go. My eyes go wide and I spin towards him. 
And his eyes are there, waiting for me. 
A little smirk on his lips. 
Letting me know that he did it on purpose. 
And that he knew exactly how I was going to respond. 
“So,” Luca says, turning abruptly to the other three, leaving me staring open–mouthed at his perfect face. “Anyone know what they’ve got ready to torture us with today?” 
I grit my teeth, avoiding my urge to either smack him or throw myself in his arms. Because the torture? For me, it’s already begun.
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19 
The next morning I wake up with a groan, because they really did torture us yesterday. It was an endurance competition that lasted pretty much all day. We had to stand on a balance beam with a pail of water, of all things, on our heads and a staff stretched across our shoulders. At regular intervals, the Leutenants would come around and add weights to our staffs so that it was a test not only of how long you could stand there and whether or not you could stay straight, but also how long you could endure increasing weight on your shoulders. 
It was absolute agony, only compounded by the fact that I somehow got placed next to Jackson. during it, so I had the added challenge of enduring his exquisite smoke–and–pine scent the entire time I stood there. And god, the more I smelled it, the more I realized that there was something else layered beneath it – something warm, and rich, and delicious, like…cherries? God, I don’t know, but whatever it is, it works. 
Needless to say. I did not win this competition. I didn’t shame myself I have good balance after years of ballet and made it somewhere to the midway point of candidates. It was the weights that took me out eventually when they added a final set of sandbags to the ends of my staff, I just collapsed – completely ate dirt while water from the pail splashed all over me. 
And, damn it. I could have sworn that I heard Jackson laughing at me, even though when I scowled up at him his face was totally blank. 
It came down to Jackson, Rafe, and Jesse at the last, and we were all required to sit and watch them in silence, missing lunch and dinner, while they all stubbornly just stood there, refusing to give up even when it meant that the rest of us starved. 
Eventually the Captain made them all go to one foot, which took Rafe out pretty fast, to my surprise. He scowled as he sat next to me, though that was the only sign of his disappointment.
And then it was all Jesse and Jackson for another hour before Jackson wobbled, just once, and his pail fell down. Even though Jackson himself didn’t fall, the Captain called it in Jesse’s favor. 
Jesse and Jackson shook hands, but I could see Jackson’s disappointment. He’s at the top of every list, but he hasn’t come in first in a single evaluation since the logic exam, and even that he knows he only got because I let him turn his paper in first. 
But then again, neither has Jesse, who was beaming when he came over to accept our congratulations. 
Still, despite his enthusiasm at winning, I could tell that Jesse was beat. He skipped his shower and fell immediately into bed. And this morning, even though Jesse is always up first and waking me with a happy smile….he’s dead asleep right now, his face totally slack and pressed into his pillow. 
I grin as I climb down from my bunk, proud of my cousin and also a little pleased to see him out of energy for once. He always seems to have three times as much as the rest of us. 
But I sigh and decide to give him the morning off, pulling on my boots – I always sleep in my 
12:37 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 19 
fatigues, much to my chagrin – and heading to the bathroom to give my teeth a quick brush before moving towards the door. Because even if Jesse is asleep I’ve got a routine to follow. 
I mean, I know that I showed up to this Academy kind of desperately and on a whim, but the closer and closer it gets? The more I really do want it. 
So, I push open the door to the barracks and get started on my run without my cousin, going on our usual trail at the speeds at which he usually makes me run. And when I slacken a little bit, I grit my
teeth and tell myself not to go easy just because Jesse isn’t here. And then I push myself to go even faster. 
Even without my cousin it’s an usual morning. The countryside around the Academy is usually clear and bright, with little pockets of fog hanging low in the hills, hiding from the rising sun that will inevitably burn them off. But today the fog is thicker, hanging in the air and sticking to my cheeks in tiny droplets as I run through it. 
I smile as I go, though, because it looks kind of cool and spooky – like running through a cloud. I start to look forward to breakfast now as I crest the final hill, wondering if Jesse is going to fall face–down into his eggs like he used to do when we were preteens and he was going through a growth spurt. God, he’d fall asleep at the craziest moments, his body just taking whatever rest it needed whenever it needed it. One time he fell asleep mid–conversation at the dinner table, his cheek falling right into his mashed potatoes. 
We’d all laughed, and Uncle Roger had gathered him up in his arms to carry him to bed, but 
I slow, abruptly, when I see a dark figure forming in the fog ahead of me. His head is down as his arms pump – he’s running too – 
But there are only two people who are that all, and that broad, in the barracks right now. 
And one of them is a prince who absolutely does not get up for a morning run. 
My steps stutter to a stop as Jackson comes more clearly into sight. His head whips up as he senses. 
and I freeze on the path, my eyes wide and my hears me, smells me, I don’t know what 
me 
arms out like an idiot, ready to bolt.
– 
But when his eyes light on me, and he realizes who I am, and his mouth lifts in a sneer, I realize that my instinct was correct. This man – he is not just going to pass me with a casual morning hello. 
F**k. F**k! What do I do? Do I run? 
But I’m out of time. 
“Where are your bodyguards?” Jackson snaps, stalking towards me, his eyes livid. 
“Um,” I say, keeping my eyes on him, not at all able to come up with an answer better than that. My mind goes completely blank in my panic. 
SUN, TU IVIGI 
Chapter 19 
“Great,” he growls, stepping close so that there’s only a breath between us. I tilt my chin upwards, staring up at the mountain that is my mate, fear streaking through me. 
Go! My wolf urges me, for once logical and not telling me to kiss him or something stupid. Run! Get back to Jesse and Rafe! 
But before I can move Jackson grabs me by the front of my uniform, twisting it in his fist and hauling me with him so that I stumble backwards until my back is pressed up against a tree. I pant in my fear, staring at him like a trapped animal. 
“Then it’s time for us to have the conversation that we should have had that first night.” Jackson hisses, “when you sent me on a wild goose chase after my mate.”
“Um,” I say again, my eyes darting to the side, trying to come up with something, anything. 
“And then,” Jackson continues, “why the f**k you smell like her. Did you think I wouldn’t notice? Maybe you would have gotten away with it if we hadn’t been paired up in that bout, but I got close enough, Clark, to realize that you f**king have her scent on you – ” 
My mind suddenly flashes back to that moment in the ring. Because that’s not what he said then – he didn’t say “why do you smell like her,” 
He had said “what are you?” 
Which means… 
Which means that something has changed. Either he talked himself out of realizing what I am – or he forced himself to forget the pulse in the air – the way my hands heated – 
– 
But he doesn’t think I’m her – hasn’t yet figured out that I’m a girl – 
“Please!” I beg, pressing myself against the tree, turning my face away from him and pressing my eyes shut. “Let me go! I’ll tell you!” 
But, unfortunately, it was the wrong thing to say. 
“Let you go?” he growls, leaning closer. “Fat chance, Clark – I’m not letting you go anywhere.” 
My heart begins to pound almost out of my chest.
###Chapter 20
Chapter 20 
Jackson raises his left arm, bending it and pressing his forearm tight against my neck. 
The moment our bodies touch – he only had his hand fisted in my uniform before it happens. again. 
My eyes fly open as the pulse pounds through the air, almost audible this time. Jackson’s eyes go wide as he stares down at his arm. Desperate, I snap my hands up, pulling at his arm – but, f**k, they do it again my hands start to heat immediately when they come into contact with him – 
“What the f**k!” Jackson shouts, but he doesn’t run this time, he leans in closer, cutting off my air with the pressure of his arm against my windpipe. “What the f**k is happening!? What – what are you!?” 
I cry out in pain and fear as Jackson realizes again what he must have dismissed as his imagination before- 
That there’s something about me about us – that’s that’s different – 
I scrabble at his arm, desperate to get away, but he’s so much bigger than me – 
Suddenly there’s a sound like the crack of thunder in the air and I gasp as my breath comes back. My eyes fly open and I gasp as Jackson falls away from me, clutching the side of his head. 
“Get the f**k away from him!” Rafe roars, his voice louder than I’ve ever heard it before, the Alpha command thick in his voice. 
Jackson stumbles back and almost falls to the ground, but regains his footing as Rafe strides towards him, pulling his fist back and cracking Jackson against the jaw once – twice –
Jackson moans the second time and falls to the ground, his hands going to his face. Rafe pulls his leg back and delivers a kick to Jackson’s ribs and I swear I hear something crack. 
“Stay the f**k away from him,” Rafe shouts, his voice desperate and afraid. “You touch him again, and I will kill you!” He kicks Jackson again and something in me breaks when I hear Jackson groan and then cough into the dust. 
“Rafe!” I shout, stumbling forward. “Rafe, stop!” 
My brother doesn’t listen, continuing to kick, and then he kneels down on the ground next to Jackson and cocks his elbow, ready to punch him in the face again while it’s pressed against the ground. 
“Rafe!” I scream, running forward and grabbing his arm, putting my whole weight into it and knocking Rafe off balance so that he and I both fall into the dust. 
Jackson pushes himself away from us, gasping for air and scrambling to his feet. Rafe turns to him in a rush, pushing to his own feet, and I let him go, covering my head, terrified suddenly that 
Chapter 20 
Jackson will retaliate- 
But my mate just stares at us for a moment before stumbling away into the fog, working himself into a run and getting heading back to the barracks. 
I spin to my brother, calling his name, my voice choked 
And I burst into tears when I see blood on Rafe’s knuckles, because I have no idea if it’s Jackson’s, or if Rafe busted his hands when he hit him–1 reach for my brother, wanting to see, wanting to help. 
But I gasp when Rafe pushes me away, making me fall flat on my ass in the dirt.
“What the f**k, Ariel!?” he gasps, his shoulders shaking, and my eyes go wide in horror when I see that there are tears in his eyes. 
“Rafe.” I gasp, desperate – 
“No!” he shouts, shaking his head at me as he gets to his knees. “I have been begging you to be careful – what the f**k were you thinking going out here alone –” 
“I was just – I wanted to let Jesse sleep –” 
“You are so f**king stupid,” he growls, using the heels of his hands to wipe bruskly at the tears that fall from his eyes. My eyes go wide and my heart sinks, because – I mean, I know he doesn’t think that – but f**k, it hurts to hear him say it – 
Rafe shakes his head, using his sleeve now, but the tears keep coming. “I told you it was a bad idea for you to come here –” he growls, his voice shaking and desperate, “I told you it would be dangerous – but you and f**king Jesse just laughed and pretended it was a game – but then you almost get killed by that f**king asshole – because you wanted to go for a stupid run by yourself – because you think you’re tough 
“Rafe,” I groan, trying to interrupt, desperate, getting to my own knees now and crawling towards 
him. 
“Do you know what dad would do to me if you got hurt!?” he shouts, his voice breaking now as he grabs my shoulders and shakes me. “Do you –” his lip trembles now, and he completely gives up on trying not to cry – “do you know what it would do to me if you got hurt? F**k, Ariel, it would kill me -” his hands move to my face now, cupping my cheeks, “you’re my f**king little sister 
t of my being.”
I’m sobbing now too, shaking my head at him, guilt filling every sorry,” I cry, shaking my head. 
“F**k, Ariel,” Rafe gasps, and then he pulls me to him, his arms around me tight. “I love you so much I’ve always loved you, even when you’re so f**king annoying I want to throw you off the palace roof –” 
A hysterical little laugh breaks from me and I bury my head against his chest. 
Chapter 20 
“If anyone ever hurt you,” he gasps, and I can feel his rage passing a little, his breaths coming slower in his chest, “I would I would f**king burn the world down, Ari – ” 
– 
“I’m sorry.” I say again, hiccupping against him as I press my eyes shut and lean my cheek against his chest. “You’re right it was stupid I should have woken one of you up 
– 
“It was stupid,” he mutters, still shaking a little, but I can’t help the smile that comes back to my face, because I can tell that he’s…he’s merely pissed now, instead of in a full–on dad–style Alpha rage. Rafe raises a shaking hand to stroke my head, almost as if he’d run it over my hair, if I weren’t wearing this stupid ever–present cap. “For a smart girl, Ari, you can be real f**king stupid.” 
“Stop calling me a girl,” I mutter, laughing a little. “Someone’s going to hear you and figure it out.” 
He laughs a little too and loosens his hold on me, looking down into my face and shaking his head. at me like I’m the most agitating thing he’s ever seen. “When mom and dad called you baby trouble,” he murmurs, “they were…sincerely underestimating you.”
Then, almost like he’s exhausted, he falls back on his ass in the middle of the trail, clearly not caring if someone comes by and finds us. 
I sit across from him, hunching over, emotionally and physically exhausted even though it’s not even seven in the morning. 
“What the hell is going on, Ari,” Rafe whispers, still shaking his head a me like he’s trying to figure it out. “That guy he’s got it out for you it’s like he’s trying to kill you every time he’s alone.” 
– 
Instinctually, I bite my lip, because….well, because I have an answer to that question, don’t I? 
Rafe’s eyes immediately move to my mouth and his eyes flare, flicking back up to mine. “What is it?” he instantly demands, because, damn it, he’s known me my entire life – he knows all my tells. 
Instantly I release my lip, my own eyes going wide. 
“Ari,” Rafe growls, leaning forward, glaring at me. “You tell me – right f**king now 
“It’s nothing!” I gasp, leaning away. 
“Ariel Cora Sinclair,” Rafe growls, starting to crawl towards me like he’s going to kill me now- 
God, all these f**king Alphas around, threatening my life – 
“Stop!” I hiss, kicking out a foot at him, starting to get mad myself. 
“Tell me!” he insists, almost shouts, grabbing me by the arm. “Or I swear to god, I’m going to kill you, and then bring you back to life, and then tell everyone you’re a girl, and get you kicked out of this
school, and get me and Jesse kicked out for lying about you – and then I’ll make and marry that horrible prince jerk-” 
you go 
home 
“Fine!” I shout, kicking him again when he moves closer. Rafe narrows his eyes, but he moves back just a little, knowing he’s got me cornered. 
12:37 Sun, 10 Mar 01 
Chapter 20 
“Rafe.” I sigh, hanging my head a little. “Jackson – he’s just confused-” 
“About what –” 
“About.” I growl, snapping my eyes up to him, pissed that he won’t just let me get it out, “the fact that I smell like a girl underneath Jesse’s scent marking, and when he gets close to me…he can sense 
it.” 
Rafe screws his face up in confusion. “Why the f**k would that matter to him? Like, a lot of guys would be pissed if they found out a girl was trying to infiltrate the academy. But this? Enough for him to want to, like, rip you to shreds – 
“Because.” I sigh, knowing that I could lie but…honestly, I’m not going to get away with it, because Rafe is on the scent now, and he knows all of my tells. “Because he’s my f**king mate, Rafe.” 
I blurt it out, and lift my chin, because…I mean, I have nothing to be embarrassed about. He’s my mate, and it’s supposed to be a good thing. Right?
But as I watch, every single drop of blood drains from my brother’s face.
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21 
1 stare wide–eyed at my brother, waiting for him to react. 
But Rafe just…stares at me, his face ghostly–white, until I start to get seriously worried. 
“Rafe,” I murmur, leaning forward a little, starting to reach out a hand to touch him. 
“What the f**k Ariel,” Rafe whispers, so fast that the words all bleed together into one, so low that I can barely hear him. But the sentiment…is perfectly clear. 
“Well it’s not like I asked for it,” I say, spreading my hands out, my eyebrows going up. “I didn’t do anything. Rafe!” 
“We’re getting you out of here,” he says, his head snapping back towards the barracks, coming back to himself now and just like dad – immediately springing into action. “We’re calling mom – this 
is over 
“What!?” I gasp, and then I dart forward, smacking him as hard as I can on the arm, 
“Rafe! No!” 
He turns his head to me and growls, ready to retort, but I hit him again, which makes him pause. 
“Rafe! You are not taking this from me just because that idiot doesn’t know how to handle himself! I want to be here I want to train as part of the Academy! This isn’t up to you anymore, you asshole!” 
Rafe blinks at me in surprise – probably because I don’t think I’ve ever in my life sincerely called him an asshole. But I bare my teeth at him now, meaning it, because he kind of is being one. Rafe is not in charge of my future even if he thinks he is.
“He is going to kill you, Ariel,” Rafe growls, leaning forward and staring at me, making me see what’s at risk here. 
“He’s known something was up since the first night, Rafe,” I counter, stubbornly crossing my arms. and glaring at him. “We’ve gotten through almost two weeks of him having no opportunity to hurt me – we can get through a few more days!” 
“And then once you’re in the Academy?” he says, raising his eyebrows. “Because he’s f**king good, Ari he’s definitely getting in too.” 
“When we’re in the Academy we’re allowed to carry weapons,” I say, speaking my ideas aloud as I think them because honestly I haven’t planned this far ahead 
– – “I’ll learn how to protect myself!” 
Rafe groans and buries his face in his hands, realizing that he’s not talking me out of here without a big fight – and also realizing, I think, that as much as I’m his little sister I’m grown now it’s 
actually not his job to decide whether I stay or I go. 
And damn it? I’m staying until they make me leave. 
– 
Chapter 21 
Mar 
Rafe takes a few deep breaths, his face tucked away against his palms, clearly putting the pieces of his reality back together. I press my hands against my thighs, waiting, working to slow my own breathing.
Slowly, Rafe starts to look up at me. “Seriously,” he whispers, his green eyes peeking over hist fingertips. “He’s your mate?” 
I nod seriously. 
“You’re sure?” 
I nod again. 
“How do you know?” 
I shrug. “It’s like people say. My wolf she knew instantly when I smelled him.” 
“And Jackson…he don’t know?” Rafe asks, exhaling deeply and dropping his hands from his face, resting them on his knees. 
– he’s I shake my head. “Jesse’s scent marking is enough to confuse my scent, I think. Jackson figured out his mate is here, and that I have something to do with it. But he hasn’t figured out it’s 
me.” 
you 
“So,” Rafe cocks his head to the side. “That’s why he’s trying to kill you – because he thinks have something to do with keeping his mate away. But you know it’s him…so…” My brother studies me carefully, narrowing his eyes. “What? Are you like…in love with him?” 
“Rafe!” I gasp, an instant blush coming to my cheeks. “What!? No! I don’t even know him! And!” I fling a hand out in the direction in which Jackson disappeared, “He keeps trying to murder me!” 
“But he’s your mate!” Rafe’s face screws up in confusion. “Doesn’t that mean
“I don’t know what it means!” I say, throwing my hands in the air. “But do not mistake my being mated to him for any like affection! I have no idea what’s going on! I am brand new to this as well!” 
Rafe sighs, looking off into the distance. “Maybe we should call mom,” he murmurs. “She has a mate. She knows more than we do.” 
“We’re not calling mom,” I sigh, and then I push myself to my feet, holding out my hand to my brother. “Let’s just…get through the week, all right? And then we’ll figure out this stupid mate stuff when we’re enrolled in the Academy and have a second to think it through.” 
Rafe takes my hand – not because I can actually pull him up, he weighs way too much, but certainly as a sign of solidarity. When he’s on his feet, Rafe uses his grip on my hand to pull me 
close. 
“All right, Shrimp,” he growls, and I smirk a little to hear him use my barrack nickname. “But we’re doing this on my terms now, okay? Which means you don’t go anywhere alone, and you stick to my god damn side like glue. Do you hear me?” 
Slowly I nod, looking earnestly up into his face. 
“And,” he 
forbid it.” 
, narrowing his eyes at me again. “You don’t say another damn word to your mate. I 
“Fine, Rafe,” I sigh, scowling and pulling away from him, knowing it’s logical but hating the way he pulls his big brother card and bosses me around. “Can we get to breakfast? Jesse’s going to start to freak out.”
“Fine.” Rafe growls, grabbing my jacket and tugging me close to his side. 
1 
“Let me go,” I groan, pulling away, but he doesn’t let me go. 
“Like glue. Ariel,” he snaps, glaring down at me. “Glue.” 
“Glue, Rafe,” I agree, rolling my eyes up at him. But when he lets my jacket go, I stay close, hardly a hand’s breadth between us as we walk the short distance back to the barracks and inside for 
breakfast. 
As I predicted, Jesse is indeed freaking out. He’s watching the door like a hawk when we come in. Ben and Luca at the table with him. Jesse throws his hands up in the air like we can’t believe what we’ve cut it this close, but Rafe just waves a hand at him and pushes me over to the food line. 
Overprotective barely begins to describe it as Rafe fills his own tray and mine with whatever’s left, a random assortment of cereal and breakfast meats and granola. When another candidate leans over me to grab a yogurt, Rafe literally growls and snaps his teeth at him, making both of us jump. 
The candidate jumps almost out of his boots before muttering his apologies and darting away, wide– eyed. 
“You need to cool it, Rafe,” I say, looking up at him in shock as I pick up my tray. 
“F**king mates,” Rafe growls, shoving me between the shoulder blades and making me stumble towards our table. I just heave a sigh and ignore him, sitting next to Ben when I get to the table as far away from my other mate as I can get.
Because I absolutely do not need Rafe finding out the other half of my secret – not seeing how he reacted to the first bit. 
“Where were you,” Jesse snaps, glaring at us. “I wake up and you’re both gone? And you almost missed breakfast!” 
“Ari decided to go for a run on his own,” Rafe growls, glaring at me but not saying anything else. 
Ben studies his breakfast and doesn’t get involved, but Luca lifts a spoonful of cereal to his mouth, blatantly watching our little cousin drama with interest. 
“Ari,” Jesse breathes, staring at me. “You know you’re not allowed to –” 
“Rafe already schooled me, all right?” I growl, flicking my eyes in Luca’s direction 
– an action he 
12:37 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 21 
catches, of course, because he’s starting at me. Jesse looks over at Luca and realizes that he’s perhaps saying too much. “Just let’s let it go.” 
Jesse heaves a big sigh as Rafe starts to shovel food into his mouth and we all sit in stubborn silence I pour some dry sugary cereal into my hand and shove it into my mouth, crunching on it, not having much stomach for anything else. Luca smirks at me, somehow entertained by that 
I glare at him. His smirk just deepens. 
But before we can get any further, the Captain stands at the front of the room.
“All right.” he says, gathering everyone’s attention to him differently. “This year, we’re changing things up for the final few days of candidacy.” 
Everyone sits up straight at this and Rafe looks around at all of us in surprise. Luca and Ben shrug. letting him know they have no idea what’s coming. 
“Academy officials have reported a level of discontent with our candidates‘ survival skills. Apparently, we’ve been sending them a bunch of cadets who can beat each other bloody but who fall apart after a single night in the wild. So, over the next forty–eight hours we’re splitting you up and sending you out into the woods in teams to test your survival skills as part of your candidacy ranking.” 
He continues speaking, laying out the rules as our little group looks anxiously around at each other.Luca curses under his breath, tossing his spoon down on his tray. 
“No survival skills?” Jesse asks him, a little pity in his voice because he and Rafe, at least and me, to an extent – have been camping with our dads for years. 
“I’m a city kid,” Luca mutters, shaking his head. 
“Same,” says Ben, his voice filled with dread. 
“You’re staying with me,” Rafe mutters, glaring at me across the table and looking around. “I’ll find a way to pull some strings. 
“You can’t do that, Rafe,” I grumble, sitting back and crossing my arms. 
“You are not going into the woods with that maniac,” he growls, glaring hard at me. 
“What maniac?” Luca asks, frowning. 
We all ignore him.
“No,” I say, my eyebrows going up as I look past my brother at the leadership board, which has changed now to show the groups with which we’ll be headed into the wild. I point at it. “I’m not going into the woods with him- but I’m not going with you either.” 
Everyone’s head whips towards the board, Rafe going pale as he realizes that Jesse, Rafe and I have 
for the first time – been completely split up. And I’m right – Jackson is in a totally different group 
as well 
But after he stuches the board for a second, Luca turns to grin at me 
Because be and Our names are on the same.
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22 
Jesse and I quietly pack our rucksacks over the next half hour while Rafe pitches a fit with the Lieutenants, insisting that he be allowed to transfer to my team or me to his. Jesse grimaces at me, shaking his head to let me know that he doesn’t think that it’s going to work. 
I just sigh and roll my eyes at my cousin, communicating that I don’t even want it to work. I mean, it would be different if I was being sent out in the forest with Jackson – but I’m not. As far as I know? No one on my little team of five people wants me dead. 
Eventually the Captain is called over and he has about four short words to say to Rafe before my brother scowls and stalks back to our bunks, grabbing Luca along the way and dragging him with 
1. US. 
“You,” Rafe snaps, shoving Luca to a stumbling stop before our bunks. “Are responsible for him.” He points a stark finger right at my face, his eyes still on Luca’s. “If Ari dies, you die. If he even gets a papercut, you get a papercut. Am I perfectly f**king clear?” 
“Geeze,” Luca says, looking Rafe over with surprise and a little distaste as he runs a hand through his mussed hair. “Message taken, your Highness. I’d have done it anyway, all right? We’re friends.” 
“You’d better f**king take this seriously –” Rafe leans in, just getting started, but Jesse cuts in smoothly. 
“It’s so nice to have friends,” he says, looping an arm around Luca’s shoulders and grinning broadly at my brother. “Let’s not try to drive them all away today, right? Rafe?” 
Rafe scowls, leaning back and realizing that he’s going a little overboard.
I sigh and shove Rafe’s pack into his arms. Jesse and I prepared it while he had his meltdown at the front of the barracks. 
Rafe sighs and slings it over his shoulder, glancing at all of the candidates who are starting to filter to the front of the room. “Fine,” he snaps, turning to me. “You take care of yourself, all right? You know how to do this shit. Don’t let anyone boss you around or take advantage of you.” 
“Right back at you, cousin,” I say, giving him a little glare – because as much as I love my brother, it’s getting a little embarrassing at this point. 
Rafe shakes his head at me as I pull my own pack on my shoulders and turn towards the front door. And then as a foursome, we start to walk forward. 
“Good luck out there,” Jesse says, his voice calm as he gives me a harmless little punch on my shoulder. “You’re going to kill it.” 
“Don’t be too jealous when I take first.” I say, grinning at him. And then we reach the door, and Jesse and Rafe start towards their groups – Rafe giving me another anxious look before Jesse drags him 
away. 
Chapter 22 
And then, quite suddenly, it’s just me and Luca. Alone.. 
“What’s his deal with him?” Luca asks, frowning after Rafe. “He treats you like you’re made of glass or something.” 
“It’s always been like that.” I sigh, staring after my big Alpha brother. “I’m the baby. I’ve always been 
kind of…a mascot.”
Luca laughs and turns his eyes to me, and I can’t help but burst into a grin when the full force of his smile hits me. “A mascot?” 
“Sure,” I say. wrinkling my nose a little. “I’m the little spunky one. I get them all full of spirit and then send them out to kick ass while I cheer on the sidelines. All of the victory, none of the work.” 
Luca laughs again, slinging his arm around my shoulders, and I know we both ignore the tingles that run through us like…god. I don’t know, like twinkling starlight under my skin, or fresh winter air blowing in the first snow, or something equally dramatic and wonderful. 
“Well,” Luca sighs, starting to walk towards our numbered van and taking me with him, “no sitting on the sidelines today. Do you know how to do any of this survival shit?” 
“A little bit,” I say, underplaying my knowledge in case it turns out that I forget it all when we’re out there. 
“Good,” Luca sighs. “You teach me to start a fire, I’ll punch anyone who comes at you. Deal?” 
“Deal,” I say, grinning. But my face falls when we reach out van and the rest of our group turns to us with cold expressions. I blink, surprised – because while I don’t know any of their names? They certainly know ours, and they’re not happy to see us. 
– 
skin. Next to “Well, look who it is,” says the tallest a broadly built guy with dark hair and pale, pale him stand his shorter twin and another who looks unrelated, with dusky brown hair and freckles. “The Prince’s pet, and his pretty boy bodyguard.” 
I blink in surprise and a little bit of wonder, my mouth falling open a bit. What the what the hell 
is this?
– 
Luca, to his credit, responds much more ably, dropping his arm from my shoulder and putting his hands on his waist, grinning at the three other guys with the easy confidence of a man who can punch their lights out in a second. 
Which, granted, he probably can. 
“I’m sorry,” Luca says, his words easy though his tone carries just the barest edge, “looks like our reputation, naturally, proceeds us. But I can’t say the same for you, as I have no f**king clue who 
you are.” 
“Alan Wright,” the tallest says, stepping forward and glaring into Luca’s face. A little bit of me is pleased that he has to look just slightly up to do it. “And you should know me, Grant 
I’m ranked 
Chapter 22 
higher than you.” 
I tilt my head a little in surprise because I do recognize the name – alongside my two mates, my brother, and my cousin. 
it’s consistently in the top ten, 
“For now,” Luca says, giving Alan an easy smile. “And these two?” 
“Perry Gibson and Graham Wright.” Alan growls, and I quickly put together that the slightly shorter paie–skinned guy is related to Alan somehow, though I’m not sure it matters how. “And none of us are
pleased with the way that your little pet here has been getting perks because he’s connected to the royals, even though he’s clearly the weakest candidate here –” 
“Hey!” I protest, stepping forward with a frown because I mean – I’m shit at a lot of stuff, but I have definitely held my own in marksmanship and the intelligence exam 
“Don’t be so jealous Alan,” Luca says, stepping forward with some venom in his voice. “It’s not Clark’s fault that your own pets are so damn ugly.” 
I smother the tiny absurd laugh that tries to burst when I hear him say that, and Alan stares at us in shocked surprise, having no idea how to respond. 
“Yeah,” Luca says with complete confidence, glaring down into Alan’s face and then flicking his eyes to Perry and Graham – Alan’s pets who look equally surprised. “Nothing to say? That’s what I f**king thought.” 
Alan is still speechless with a confusion when Luca grabs my arm and pulls me into the van with 
him. 
“What the hell was that!?” I hiss, following Luca to the back of the van, where we take the back bench. 
“It doesn’t matter what you say,” Luca murmurs to me as we watch the other three climb into the van after us. “As long as you do it with the authority and get the last word. That guy has no idea what just happened – it will keep him thinking all night, which is what we want.” 
I shake my head at Luca and laugh a little, kind of impressed with the way he lets his sheer confidence carry him through the word. Honestly, he didn’t do much, but he definitely got the upper hand in that conversation. Why can’t I do things like that?
“That’s good,” Luca says, smiling and laughing along with me, his words whispered. “Let them see you laughing – don’t let them see that they rattled you.” 
“I mean, they didn’t –” 
“Well maybe they should have a little bit, Shrimp,” Luca says, raising his brows and looking forward at Alan, who glares back at us over his shoulder for a moment. “Because that guy could definitely kick your ass, and he definitely wants to.” 
I purse my lips a little considering it. “Well then I guess I’m lucky that I’ve got my pretty boy body 
Chapter 22 
guard to keep me safe.” I say, turning to look up at Luca with complete innocence. 
His face bursts into a grin as he looks down at me. “Pretty boy, am I?” 
“Oh, come on.” I say, my eyelids dropping a little in disbelief, “it can’t be the first time you’ve been called a pretty boy, has it. Grant?” 
“I’ve endured that particular slur all my life,” he sighs, tilting his head back and staring at the roof of the van like it’s a great burden he’s had to bear. “It’s just been so hard being this good looking. 
“Poor baby.” I laugh, shaking my head. I open my mouth to tease him more, but I don’t get the chance, because our Lieutenant climbs into the front seat of the van and starts to drive us away from the barracks and out into the wilderness.
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23 
The five of us stand in a small clearing of forest in a semicircle around our Lieutenant who repeats the instructions we were given his morning. I look around as he talks, only half–listening because 1 already know what our job is. I’ve got a good memory, after all. 
I look up at the sky above the trees, thinking that it took longer than I thought to get everything ready and get us here. It’s already well past noon, which doesn’t give us a ton of time before night falls.Our task is pretty simple, though. All we have to do as a group is light a fire, boil water so that it’s potable, produce some kind of sustenance for ourselves – fish or edible plants – and demonstrate that we can do basic first aid if anyone gets hurt in the process. Once that’s done, we’ll be given a compass and a map with our location marked and we’ll be required to traverse the ten miles back to the barracks. Anyone who doesn’t complete the group tasks, or fails to make it back tomorrow by dinner, receives a failing mark. 
I shrug, thinking it will be pretty simple, as the Lieutenant hands Alan our small packet of supplies, which contains the first–aid kit, flint, a machete, and a small spool of wire with some fish hooks. We’re strictly forbidden from using anything in our packs to aid us – they’re only supposed to carry extra clothing and blankets in case we need to sleep out here before the jobs get done. 
“I think.” Alan says, turning towards the group of us, “that our best plan is to get this done and hike through the night. I, for one,” he says, looking at Luca and I with particular venom, “have no true interest in spending more time as a group than we have to.” 
“No argument for me,” Luca says, nodding in agreement. I don’t say anything at all as Alan begins to parcel out the supplies to his friends. 
“How the f**k,” Perry murmurs, “are we supposed to boil water when they didn’t even give us a pot?”
Alan looks askance at Graham, who just shrugs, making my eyebrows go up. Am I seriously the only one who knows the answer to this? 
I wait a second for Alan to volunteer the answer but he just stares at the flint in apparent confusion while Graham grabs the machete and strides over to a tree, starting to hack at the branches. Luca’s eyebrows go up as he smirks, and I can tell that he’s a little entertained, watching the smaller smack at the branches. 
“What – what the hell are you doing?” I ask, my voice ringing through the clearing. 
guy 
All eyes turn to me, including Graham, who glares. “I’m getting firewood,” he says, as if it’s obvious. 
“Oh my god,” I huff, stalking over to him and grabbing the machete out of his hands. “You can’t use live wood for a fire – it’s wet. Wood has to be dry.” Graham shouts and grabs back for the machete but I quickly move out of his way. I sigh and look around. “Do any of you know how to do any of 
this?” 
“I can fish,” Perry says, reaching out for the coiled wire and set of hooks. He looks over at the deep 
12:38 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 23 
stream that runs by our clearing. “I mean, I usually use bait, but…I can dig up worms and tie these lines to some poles.” 
“Great,” I say, my voice dry. “Why don’t you take Graham and do that. Us other three will get 
started on the rest.”
“You’re not in charge here. Clark,” Alan says, his voice bitter. 
“I think he is.” Luca says, crossing his arms and grimacing at Alan. “I mean, if you want to pretend you know what you’re doing out of pride, I guess that’s fine – but I’m completely lost here, and willing to take direction if it means not losing my place in the standings. What about you?” 
– 
Alan takes a deep breath, so clearly battling his pride and not wanting to admit that I might have skills he doesn’t even if I am a shrimp. But eventually he exhales and tosses the flint at me. I barely catch it after it bounces off my chest. 
“All right.” Luca says, turning to me with raised eyebrows. “What’s next?” 
“Fire first,” I say, nodding. I give terse instructions, falling into a very pale imitation of my father, who taught us all of this stuff when we were very young. I mean, Jesse and Rafe have been going on big camping trips with dad and Uncle Roger for years, doing much more complicated stuff than this. But dad? He always made sure I could do the basics. 
“Luca,” I say as I begin to gather dry brush, wood, and stones – both flat and round. “I want you to go see if you can find some berries.” I snap my head up and hold his gaze, “do not eat any of the ones you find a lot look good but will make you sick. Just….bring them all back here, in case the fishermen don’t have any success with their worms. Alan, I want you to go into the woods and find the fattest birch tree you can find. White, with smooth bark – do you know the one I mean?” 
– 
“What the f**k is this,” Alan growls, crossing his arms over his chest. “Are you trying to embarrass me, sending me on a mission to find a fat tree?”
I roll my eyes at him, exasperated. “I don’t know what your problem is with me, Wright, but it 
– the bark would be great if you could get over it until we’re through this. I’m not f**king with you can be used to make a container for the water. So will you just go find it?” 
— 
Alan stares at me for a long moment but then turns and heads into the woods, his hands fists at his sides. Luca winks at me and gives me a little salute before heading in the opposite direction. I take a glance over at Graham and Perry, who are busy tying the fishing wire to long sticks. Pleased to see them busy, I get started with the fire. 
After arranging the flat rocks in a circle, I create a small pile of dry brush in the center. Then, kneeling quite close to the pile of brush, I use the machete to scape some magnesium on the back of the flint. Leaning close, I strike the flint with the metal edge of the blade, sending sparks onto the pile. 
The magnesium lights in a flash and when one of the sparks catches, I’m ready for it. I lean forward, blowing gently on the flame to give it oxygen. I dangle some dry brush above the baby flame so it has something to consume. It stutters for a moment, but the flame greedily takes the 
Chapter 23 
bait, starting to flare. I grin. pleased, and sit back on my heels, starting to add some small sticks. 
“Wow,” a voice says, and I blink, looking up at the Lieutenant, who nods at me. “That was….that was crazy fast.” 
“Thanks,” I say, giving a pleased little nod. Fire it’s never really been hard for me. I’ve always even been faster than Rafe and Jesse with this part. The lieutenant nods again, making a notation on his clipboard, and I grin, realizing that I’m getting credit for making the fire.
By the time Luca come back with two handfuls of berries, the fire is burning cheerfully and I’ve started adding small logs that I’ve hacked up with the machete. “Holy shit,” he says, his eyebrows going up. “Did you did you do that?” 
“No.” I say, looking at him with blank sarcasm. “When you were gone the Lieutenant tossed me a lighter.” 
“That is…seriously impressive, Shrimp,” Luca says and I grin, stupidly pleased at his compliment as I stand up and reach out my hands. 
“Show me what you’ve got, pretty boy,” I say, teasing. Luca laughs as he drops his haul into my hands. I sigh as I quickly sort through the selection. “No luck,” I murmur, tossing the berries into the fire. “None of those are edible.” 
“How do you know that?” he says, looking mournfully after his bounty. 
– 
“Why do you keep asking me these things? I already told you I went camping.” 
“With like, the King?” Luca asks, wrinkling his nose a little in disbelief. 
“Yes,” I say, grinning at him a little. “Except, we don’t call him the King. We just call him…Uncle Dom.” Or, dad. Uncle Dom is just what Jesse and his siblings calls him. 
“That’s so weird,” Luca breathes, shaking his head at me, making me grin. 
“I found the fat tree,” Alan says ruefully, coming into the clearing and renewing his glare. 
“Show me” I say, giving him a thumbs up. Scowling seriously, does this guy ever cheer up? – Alan leads Luca and I into the woods. I grab the machete on our way. It doesn’t take long to get to the tree
Alan selected and I nod it will work. 
“Okay,” I sigh, lifting the giant knife, “this is going to take a while. I need you two to go back and feed the fire while I work. Just….keep giving it more wood, make it burn really high and really hot. And when it gets really hot and there start to be coals beneath the live flames, start putting those round stones into the embers.” 
“Why?” Alan asks, his voice snotty, and I turn to glare at him. 
“Because little elves told me to, Alan,” I say, totally dry. “Does it matter? Just do it.” 
Luca bursts out laughing and Alan glares at me, but Luca pats Alan on the back and leads him away. 
12:38 Sun, Tu Mar 
Chapter 23 
I shake my head, starting to cut and peel back a large swatch of the birch bark. 
“It’s gonna be a long night,” I murmur to myself as I work. 
Yes! My wolf says, trotting back and forth inside of me. Let’s stay all night under the stars! We can share a blanket by the fire cuddle up! We can – 
“Oh my god,” I sigh, doing my best to ignore her. 
1 
But honestly? I’d be lying if I said that I don’t share some of her impulses. 
—
we can sit with Luca 
Because the opportunity to hang out with Luca alone, at night, under the stars? Well. I’m not going to get very many opportunities to do that with Rafe glowering over my shoulder. 
So…..do I take advantage of this opportunity? 
Or just let it pass? 
And if I did decide to take advantage of it… 
What would that look like, precisely? I bite my lip, my stomach fluttering as I consider it.
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24 
Fortunately or unfortunately for me, my wolf has a lot of ideas about how I can take advantage of a night in the woods with Luca. And every single one of them is incredibly impractical and ridiculous. 
Just let down our hair and then he will know and then he will grab us and press up against a tree and kiss us and kiss us – 
I grit my teeth as I make the final cut, finally freeing the long, single piece of birch bark that I’ve been peeling off the tree for hours. Seriously, it’s slow, painstaking work. 
“What are you even thinking about?” Luca asks from behind me, and I gasp and jump, dropping the piece of bark to the forest floor. 
“Luca!” I growl, glaring at him and bending over to scoop the bark back into my hands. “You scared me! What are you talking about?” 
“I saw you.” he says, leaning back against another tree and grinning at me. “You were all growly, muttering things to your wolf, shivers running down your spine. What is going on with you?” 
Youuuuu! My wolf supplies internally, howling the answer. We were thinking about you! 
“Why are you being so creepy?” I ask instead of answering, working very hard to hide my terrible. blush and failing. “Spying on me like that?” 
“Well, I was just coming to get you,” he says, standing up when I come near. “I didn’t realize you were going to put on a show.” 
“It wasn’t for you,” I say, my voice low as I step close enough to give him a little shove with my fingertips against his chest.
Yes it was! My wolf counters, her toes tapping eagerly, but I ignore her. 
“Doesn’t mean I didn’t enjoy it,” Luca murmurs, leaning close and smirking down at me. I freeze for a second, turning my head and staring up at him. 
Because I mean I don’t have a lot of experience with guys – 
– 
But I would swear to god that he’s…he’s flirting with me… 
Luca stares down at me, holding my gaze, his smile growing incrementally as he blinks his long lashes slowly over his pretty brown eyes in a way that makes my breath catch. But I clear my throat, blushing again as I force myself to turn away, starting to stalk back to where the Lieutenant is waiting. 
“Did we get any fish?” I ask over my shoulder, not taking the risk of looking at him. Because, honestly, if he looks at me like that again… 
Sun, TU Mar 
Chapter 24 
…I’m at severe risk of throwing myself into his arms. 
Do it, my 
wolf hisses, and this time I mentally smack her on the nose, because there is too much at risk for her meddling right now. She gives a little yelp and retreats, just a little. 
“We got one!” Luca says, his voice cheerful. “Just one little guy, but it counts, right? Food is food.”
“I think so,” I say, smiling as I come into the clearing and seeing my other three teammates sitting around the fire, the tiny fish guted and sizzling on one of the hot stones nearest to the flames. “Nice job, guys!” I say, grinning around at them cheerfully. 
“Not nice for all of us,” Perry murmurs, holding up a bloody finger. 
“Oh.” I say, gathering two round sticks about the same size and coming to sit next to him. “What happened?” 
Perry explains about a slight mishap while attempting to gut the fish with one of the hooks – I took the machete, after all – and I nod to him, saying I’ll patch him up in a minute. 
“Don’t bother,” Alan mutters, flipping open the first–aid kit. “I know how to do this.” 
I half watch, grimacing as he starts to put a bandage onto Perry’s finger before cleaning it, but luckily Luca stops him so I don’t have to, stepping in making sure that the finger is properly cleaned before being covered. In the meantime, I split the sticks about halfway down their centers and fold the long strip of birch bark in half, and then at the edges, wedging the ends inside the split sticks to make a sealed little pocket. It looks for all things like a pillowcase made of bark – sealed on three sides with one open end. 
When it’s ready, I take it down to the stream and fill it with water before bringing it back. 
“What the hell are you going to do with that?” Luca asks, genuinely interested. 
“Fill it with rocks,” I murmur. 
“What?” Graham asks, baffled. But I don’t answer, asking Luca to hold the pocket steady and using another pair of sticks to lift the round rocks that have been heating in the embers, dropping them one by one into the pocket full of water.
The boys start to realize what’s happening almost instantly. “There’s no way that’s actually going to work,” Perry murmurs, leaning forward with interest. 
“It will,” I reply, glancing up at the sky, which is starting to grow dark. All of this took a lot longer than I thought. 
I keep rotating the stones, removing cooled ones and replacing them with burning hot rocks, until the water in the pocket first steams, then simmers, and finally comes to a rolling boil. 
“Amazing.” Luca murmurs, lifting his eyes to mine with a very genuine smile on his face. “That was amazing, Shrimp.” 
Chapter 24 
“Is it even drinkable?” Alan asks, leaning forward to peer at it. “It’s all…dirty.” 
“It’s just carbon,” I say, giving a little shrug as I study the slightly–cloudy water. “Like what they use in water filters. It’s not the prettiest water, but it won’t kill you.” 
“And I suggest you pack it up,” the Lieutenant says, pushing off the side of the tree and tossing an empty canteen to us. “It’s all you’ve got for the hike home. Are you sticking with your plan to hike through the night? Or…” 
The five of us look around at each other and Alan nods, scowling at me. 
“Yup!” Luca says, answering cheerfully for all of us and smiling at the Lieutenant. “As much as we’d love to sit around swapping fireside stories…I think it’s best for us to head home.” 
“Great,” he says, dry, pulling a map and a compass out of his pack and tossing it our way. your fire before you go. Try not to die.”
“Bank 
And then he turns without another word and heads for the van, getting in and driving off before the rest of us can say a word. 
“Wow,” Perry says, his eyebrows high. “Abrupt.” 
“Whatever,” Alan growls, standing up. 
“Let’s go.” 
“Why are you so mad,” Luca says, passing the canteen to me and getting to his feet. I slowly fill the canteen, watching them. “We passed – now all we have to do is get home.” 
“Because your flashy little shrimp did all the hard stuff and took all the credit,” Alan growls, leaning into Luca’s face. “The rest of us barely had a chance –” 
“Oh whatever,” Luca snaps, leaning down and grabbing the map and the compass. “You want your fair share? Lead us home.” He smacks both s against Alan’s chest, shoving him a little as I screw the cap on the canteen. 
“No one even gets individual credit for that,” Alan retorts. 
“Trust me,” Luca says as I stand. “We’ll all make damn sure the Captain knows who got us home. All right?” 
Alan mutters something, turning away as I head to the stream to fill the little birch pocket with water to douse the fire. “Does he even know how to use a compass?” I ask, bending down to dip my little container into the stream.
“Better than me,” Luca says, shrugging as I stand and turn to him. I laugh a little as we head back to the fire and I pour the water over it, kicking dirt on top as well. 
“Seriously, Luca,” I sigh, looking up at him when it’s all finished. “You should learn some of this stuff it’s survival basics 
– 
“Well,” he says, grinning down at me, standing closer than he really needs to. “Maybe you can teach 
Sun, Mar 
Chapter 24 
me.” 
My lips turn up at him a little as I smile, forgetting to reply as I stare up into his gorgeous face. God, seriously, it’s so unfair that a boy has lips as lush as that with a perfect cupid’s bow cresting 
the top- 
“Are you guys coming!?” Alan barks back at us, making us jump. 
“Yup!” Luca says, his voice oddly tight, and he doesn’t look at me again as we start down the road, letting the other three take the lead.
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25 
Luca and I chat the entire walk home. 
us down 
And though the walk takes us about five hours the terrains rougher than a flat road, which slows 
the time passes in what feels like a blink. The three ahead of us are relatively quiet, trudging along the miles and tripping on stones in the darkness, but Luca and I get lost in latighter. 
God – he’s funny, and he laughs at my jokes too, all of which just twists my heart a little because as each mile passes my crush on him grows bigger and bigger, inch by inch. 
He tells me all about his childhood, raised in a big family like mine. How he was so angry as a kid after his dad left, but how his mom’s brother took him into the gym and taught him to redirect that anger into solid blows at a punching bag, teaching him the art of boxing and keeping him out of trouble. And honestly, it should be a sad story, but the way he tells it – god, my cheeks ache for laughing so hard and smiling so much. 
“Honestly, Shrimp.” Luca says, smirking down at me as our final mile begins, “if any animals were thinking about taking us out, they’d certainly shy away knowing we’ve got a hyena in our group, shrieking into the night.” 
“Shut up,” I laugh, swatting him in the stomach with the back of my hand. “It’s your fault –” 
“It is not my fault that you keep making that shrill noise –” 
I burst into laughter again as he teases me, unable to help it, shaking my head at him. “Stop making me laugh, then,” I say, grinning up at him.
Luca doesn’t say anything for a moment, staring at me, connecting with me in that quiet way we’ve been doing all day. “Stop making me want to make you laugh,” he murmurs, just the corner of his mouth turning up. “Honestly it’s….weirdly rewarding, seeing you crack up like that.” 
I blush a little, biting my lip, and I look ahead, wrapping my arms around myself to ward off the goosebumps that are forming on my arms. I don’t bother to wonder if they’re a result of the growing cold or the butterflies he’s sent looping around my stomach. 
“You cold?” Luca murmurs, drawing close. 
“Um,” I say, not knowing what to say. Because if I say yes, I feel like he’s going to… 
“Here,” he sighs, slipping an arm around my shoulder and pulling me close. I sharply draw in my breath but… I don’t move away. Instead, I slowly exhale, leaning into him just a little bit. 
Just for body heat, I tell myself, not letting myself consider that we’re both carrying backpacks filled with extra jackets and blankets. 
WHATEVER, my wolf says on a gleeful exhale, laying on her back and letting her tongue hang out of her mouth in ecstasy. 
Chapter 25 
I scowl at her and turn my attention back to the task at hand: getting back to the barracks safely and ignoring the tingling sensation that passes all along the side that’s pressed close to Luca, and across my shoulders where his arm lightly rests. 
We’re quiet for the rest of the walk, but when I glance up at Luca I see that there’s a smile on his face, his eyes trained on the road ahead, both of us just ignoring the fact that he’s walking with his arm draped around me. And I grin, and keep walking because…
Honestly, it should be more awkward, but it’s not. Everything in me just screams right. 
Luca drops his arm from my shoulders as we come closer to the light of the barracks, letting his fingers trail down my back before he moves away. We’ve dropped back far enough where our other three teammates are unlikely to have seen us, but…well, we’re back in the real world now, aren’t we? 
We step inside and I notice with surprise that our group is the only one that made it back this early. “Wow,” I murmur. “I mean, I thought we were slow, but…” 
“Maybe the other teams didn’t hate each other’s guts as much as ours did,” Luca says with a shrug, walking slowly for his bunk. I follow. 
“I don’t think Perry hated us,” I murmur, glancing towards the bathroom where the other three have disappeared. 
“Yeah, well. I don’t think we’ll be swapping recipes with him anytime soon,” Luca says, his voice dry. “Not when he’s tied up with those two.” 
I hum a little consideringly as Luca grabs his bathing things and then waits for me as I grab mine. We head into the bathroom together, but I blush horribly when Luca heads for the showers, stripping off his shirt. 
“Are you coming?” he calls over his shoulder. 
my 
I mumble something awkward about it being late and how I’m tired, and Luca just shrugs. I turn 
back, pressing my eyes shut as Luca drops his shirt on the bathroom floor and starts at the buckle of his pants. I brush my teeth as fast as humanly possible then, congratulating myself for accomplishing
the monumental act of personal restraint it takes to not glance backwards when I hear the shower turn on. 
Instead, I scurry out of the bathroom, mentally scolding myself to respect my mate’s privacy, especially when he thinks I’m a boy. 
Then, denying my wolf’s near–constant urge to strip–down and climb into that shower alongside my mate, I haul myself into my bed and flip back onto my pillow, pulling my cap down over my eyes so I can get some sleep, or at least contain myself marginally. 
My rest is interrupted, though, about fifteen minutes later when I hear Luca’s voice disturbingly close to my ear. 
“Hey,” he says, and I shriek and jump a little, spinning towards him, realizing that he’s standing on 
Chapter 24 
the edge of Rafe’s best his arms looped over the side of my own, the way Jesse usually stands when he wants a spnet word Lanca grins instantly, laughing at me “Jumpy,” he comments. 
“Tired.” I say, glaring at him a little but turning on my side, propping my head on my hand and gazing at him “Why do you disturb my slumber, pretty boy?” I try to inject some teasing into my own voice then, but honestly I think it fails. Because I mean with his dimples flaring like that–he really is just so pretty 
“Brought you dinner,” Luca says, lifting one of the wrapped sandwiches I’m getting very sick of and placing it by me on the bed. “I figured you forgot to go get one for yourself.” 
“Why did you think I’d forget?” I say, smiling and taking the sandwich, pulling it close but not unwrapping it. 
“Because you always do.” he says softly. “Rafe always has to bring you food, remind you to eat.”
A little smile pulls at my mouth. “Have you been watching me, Grant?” 
He stares at me for a long moment. “Can’t seem to help it,” he breathes, and my heart feels like it completely stops as he reaches out a hand, his fingers drawing dangerously close to my cheek – 
But at the last moment his eyes shift to his hand, and he clenches it into a fist, drawing his lips into a tight line. “Good work today,” he says, nodding and shifting his eyes away from me. “Um. Yeah. Good job.” He hops down from his spot and waves to me over his shoulder. “See you…tomorrow. Today. When…whenever.” 
“Night, Luca.” I say softly, though I know he hears me. 
And I groan as I flop again back on my pillow, holding my sandwich against my stomach, wondering how the hell I’m supposed to get to sleep while my heart is racing this fast. 
But my doubts are soon proven wrong as I hastily eat my sandwich and rest my head back on the pillow again, totally beat. I curl up in my blankets, at least content in the knowledge that I don’t have to get up early, because candidates aren’t even expected back until dinner time. 
— 
Still, my last thoughts are inevitably – about Luca, wishing he’d stayed, wishing we’d had chance to talk more – even for a few minutes or for a few more hours…. 
1 
My dreams tonight are unusually vivid, and I feel more conscious in them than I usually do. I blink, looking around at the hazy birch forest, which is somehow bright even though it’s edged with fog. I turn my head, considering the pretty white trees with their leaves turning golden for autumn, pleased and surprised. And then I run my hands down over my favorite white nightgown from home – relishing the
soft feel of it beneath my palms. Smiling, I next run my fingers through the long length of my hair, which I never get to do anymore because it’s always tucked up under that 
little cap – 
“Hello?” a voice calls, and I go very still. 
Who the who the hell is that? 
Chapter 25 
And suddenly, as I peer through the forest, I instantly recognize Luca, even though he’s standing far away. I groan a little, because of course I can’t stop thinking about him even when I’m asleep – hell. I fell asleep thinking about him, wanting to spend more time… 
“Seriously, where the hell am I?” Luca mutters, his voice carrying through the trees. 
And suddenly my eyes go wide because…. 
Because… 
My mind flashes back to what my mom and Aunt Cora have told me before 
About meeting their mates in the dream state- 
Which they can only do once they’ve met, and invited them there – 
I gasp. slapping my hands over my mouth as I realize that… 
“Who’s there?” Luca calls, turning towards my gasp.. 
Frantic I dart away, hiding behind a tree. “F*ck, f**k!” I hiss, peeking out and seeing him walking closer.
My breath comes in fast pants as I panic – because he can’t see me here – he can’t see me like this – even if he does figure out that this is just a dream, he’ll have seen me in a dress with long hair! And he’s not stupid – he’ll remember it in real life and put the pieces together! 
I clench my fists at my side, forcing myself to think 
I press my eyes shut, willing the dream to end. 
No, my wolf says, her voice echoing out loud now – because she’s in my head and so am I now. 
“Let me out!” I hiss, looking around for her.” 
No! she says, more cheerfully this time. Play with him! We need this! 
Cursing, I listen carefully and panic when I hear Luca’s footsteps moving closer 
“Hello?” he calls again. “Seriously, is there someone there?” 
My heart starts to seriously pound when suddenly I realize that…that this is my dream, right? 
And if it’s my dream…I have control. 
I look down at myself, willing my nightgown to change….and suddenly, it’s gone, replaced by my grey candidate uniform. I gasp and reach up, realizing that my hair has been tucked into my cap as it always is. 
And, slowly, I start to smile. 
Sun, Tu Mar 
Chapter 25
That’s my girl, my wolf says huffing a wolfy little laugh. Now got 
And, smiling, cursing myself for being an idiot and taking needless risks…I step out from behind 
the tree. 
“Hey,” I say, and Luca turns to stare at me.
###Chapter 26
Chapter 26 
Luca lets out a dark laugh and shoves his hands into his pockets. “Seriously?” he says, his voice a little exhausted. “You’re here?” 
I grimace a little, taking a step back behind the tree. “Is that…bad? I can…go.” 
“No.” he says, tilting his head and inviting me closer. “I guess…I mean, I’m not surprised. Who the hell else would I be dreaming about.” 
I bite my lip a little, smiling and moving closer to him, stopping about five feet away. “What do you mean?” I ask, tilting my head, my eyes drifting over him and noticing that he’s dressed in cotton sweatpants and a black sweatshirt probably the sort of things he wears when he’s relaxed at home. 
Clothes that make him look just…ridiculously good. Like the boxer he is, about to go train for the day. 
“Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it?” he says, sighing and running a hand through his hair. “You’ve been on my mind all f**king day, Shrimp. Obviously my subconscious is trying to figure this out.” 
Figure what out?” I ask, my smile deepening as I stare at him, my eyes roving over him a little more freely now. Damn, he’s so deliciously tall, and the way his shoulders fill out that sweatshirt…. 
“Whatever the f**k this is,” he says, his voice frustrated as he gestures between us with his hands, a little smile lighting his face. 
“What?” I ask, my own smile falling a little bit. Because I mean obviously I know exactly what he’s talking about, but to hear him address it so blandly 
But, I mean, Luca thinks that this is a dream.
“Seriously, Shrimp,” he says, shaking his head and stepping even closer to me now, so that there’s only maybe six inches between us. “What the hell is going on – I mean, I know that s*xuality is a spectrum, but I’ve only ever been into girls – I have never, ever been into a guy like this before –” 
wide to hear Luca admit his attraction. My mouth pops open just a little bit. 
– 
My eyes go 
“What,” he says, laughing and Oh my god lifting his hands to cup my cheeks in his palms, staring down at me. “Seriously? I know you feel it too- or, wait, because you’re an illusion my subconscious created…” he frowns down at me, “are you trying to talk me out of this or something?” 
Luca cocks his head to the side, trying to figure it out as I gape at him, my mouth going dry as my mind whirs, trying to figure out what to say. 
But I can’t think of anything. 
Instead, my body moves beyond me, my hands lifting – shaking a little – and landing on top of his as his thumbs gently stroke my cheeks. I stare up at him, just…completely without words, without thoughts as the tingles that show up whenever we touch flare again. 
Except this time, they’re not just under my skin they circle in the air all around us – little silver sparks, swirling around in the wind- 
“See?” Luca murmurs, shaking his head. “I knew I couldn’t deny it. What the f**k is this?” 
Luca looks at me, and then all around, and then back at me, his clear brown eyes filing my entire vision as my stomach turns over. My breath quickens, my heart pounding, because all I want
My eyes drift to his perfect mouth..my whole body flooded with sparks and butterflies as I unconsciously move closer to him, our bodies brushing against each other now as I tilt my head. 
back in his hands. 
Luca leans closer, bending his face over mine, and just the tiniest little moan stumbles from my mouth, because I – I like this I like the way my breath is coming short, the way my stomach feels just barely pressed against his 
I like the way I can feel his breath against my lips 
And god. I want more. 
My eyes drift half shut and my wolf, somewhere in the distance, gives a heady howl of joy – 
But then I gasp. her howl shaking me out of this, because… 
Because this isn’t right 
I take a stumbling step away. Luca he doesn’t even know that this is real that we are both actually, somehow, here! Conscious! That it’s not just him alone with his subconscious 
“Wait,” I say, my voice shaking as I drop my hands, as I take a step back. “Luca, wait –” 
“Don’t,” he murmurs, stepping forward and closing the distance between us, not taking his hands from my face, “Stop, Ari, I need to figure this out. Let me try this ” 
And that does it. 
He said my name. 
Ari. Not Shrimp.
Ari. 
“No!” I gasp, tearing my face from his hands and stunibling further away. God, I want this – it feels like my whole soul groans in regret as I give this up I want him to kiss me more than I think I’ve ever wanted anything – 
But I want him to know he’s doing it. I want him to kiss me, not what he thinks is some figment of his imagination. It’s not right, and it’s not fair – not to either of us. 
He looks at me in shock and surprise, hurt all over his face. 
1239 Sun, 10 MAY 
Chapter 26 
“What 
what the hell is going on?” 
“I’m sorry,” I say, shaking my head and backing into the trees, “I should not have done this- I’m so sorry Luca- 
“Ari!” he shouts, starting after me, his steps frustrated, a little angry. 
But I press my eyes shut, and beg the dream to end, and my wolf- understanding now, I think lets me go. 
And suddenly my eyes fly open. I’m in my bed, my heart pounding, my breath coming fast. 
I stare at the ceiling, panting for a moment, and then my head twists, my eyes going immediately 
to Luca’s bunk..
The barracks are dark, quiet, no other groups coming in this late at night. As I watch, Luca sits up in his bed, slowly rubbing his head, the low lights of the room highlighting his n*ked stomach and chest. 
My heart aches as he slowly turns, looking over at my bunk. But I don’t move, holding my hoping to hell that he can’t see me awake, staring back at him. Because this.. 
breath. 
This is maybe all moving too fast, getting too real. As much as my attraction to my mate is undeniable – maybe inevitable… 
He still can’t know. Not yet – and I don’t know what the right time would be but…it’s not now, now when we’re candidates, not while we could still be cut. 
I clench 
my 
teeth and press my eyes shut, cursing myself for the fool I am, for letting it go too far. “Come on, Ariel,” I murmur to myself, “get yourself together.” And, despite myself, I spend the next hour or two wishing my big brother were here to keep me in line. 
I don’t know when I fell asleep after that, though it must have been late because I was up for hours trying to avoid slipping back into the dream state. 
I do know when the hell I wake up though, because Jesse launches himself onto my bed shouting “Shrimp!” at the top of his lungs and punching me twice on the shoulder before wrapping me in a big hug. “You survived!” 
I shriek at the start of his assault, but I start to rain blows on him when I figure out it’s just my cousin saying hello and not some kind of vicious midnight attack. “Get the hell off of me asshole –”
you 
Jesse just laughs at me, because he knows he’s not doing me any harm. He sits back, grinning at me. 
back?” “You smell like campfire. No time for a shower? When did you get 
“We got back in the middle of the night,” I murmur, looking around with a little bit of surprise to 
see that the barracks are three quarters full. 
“Didn’t sleep out?” he asks, interested and a little concerned. 
“Nope!” I say, looking around for Rafe. 
“He’s in the bathroom.” Jesse explains, looking over his shoulder. “Apparently they had to tramp through swampland to get back he’s gross.” 
“Oh,” I say, interested. “Hey, how’d yours go?” 
“Good!” he replies. “I’m glad we spent all those nights freezing with our dads in the wilderness, though. Made things easy. What about yours?” 
“We did great.” Luca’s voice says from our side, and Jesse and I both start and turn to see Luca standing beside my bed. “We were first back.” 
“Hey!” Jesse says, his face breaking into a broad grin as he leans forward to smack Luca’s raised hand in a high–five. “Glad you made it.” 
“Shrimp did all the hard work,” Luca says, climbing up on the side of my bed like he did last night and smiling at Jesse. I note with anxiety that he studiously avoids looking me in the eye. “The fire and the boiling water thing.”
“He’s a shrimp of many talents,” Jesse says, turning to consider me with a mock seriousness. 
“Get off of me, you big cow,” I growl, smacking at Jesse, who laughs and jumps down from the bed. Luca makes way, standing with Jesse on the floor as I climb down too. “I want a shower too, if Rafe’s getting one,” I say, looking at Jesse significantly, meaning he should take me. 
“Same,” Jesse says, agreeing amiably and reaching into his bunk for his toothbrush kit. “Luca, you’re already cleaned up?” 
“Yup,” he says, yawning and stretching his arms high over his head. 
“Why are you so tired,” Jesse laughs, smacking Luca on his exposed stomach and making my mate laugh. “Didn’t you two get like twelve hours of sleep?” 
“At least eight full,” Luca murmurs, still not looking at me and rubbing the back of his neck, contemplative. “But I had some… weird dreams.” 
My cheeks instantly flush and I momentarily go still in the process of collecting a clean uniform from the compartment under the bunk. 
“Really,” Jesse asks, his hands on his hips as he peers at Luca curiously. “I never remember my dreams. What was this one about?” 
“Um,” Luca says, and as I stand up and turn – desperately curious – my eyes go wide to see that he’s blushing. “Nothing much. Just…weird.” 
And still awkwardly rubbing his neck and blushing furiously, Luca’s eyes quickly dart to me. Frowning Jesse notes Luca’s strange disposition and follows his eyes to me – taking in my horrible blush as well. My eyes dart down to my feet and I stay totally still. 
But Jesse’s gasp is clear.
He’s put the pieces together. He’s finally, finally figured it out 
“Shower time” I say, a little shrill, pushing past Luca and hurrying towards the bathroom, desperate to avoid this awkward conversation with my cousin. 
Behind me. I hear Jesse’s hurried goodbye to Luca and then his footsteps pounding after me.
###Chapter 27
Chapter 27 
I hurry my own pace, darting for an empty shower stall now, willing to take whichever is free- however filthy- 
“Ari!” Jesse hisses behind me. “Are you – are you kidding me- 
is he your 
I squeak a little in dismay. “Don’t know what you’re talking about. Jesse!” I hiss, darting into the stall and yanking the curtain closed behind me. 
“Ari!” Jesse shricks, and then he lowers his voice. “Are you with him?” 
– are you f**king using the dream state 
“I can’t hear you!” I shout, desperate, flipping on the water even though I’m still dressed. Jesse starts 
1 
to tug at the curtain but I snap it shut. “You can’t come in here!” I protest. “I’m n*ked!” 
“ARI!” Jesse shouts, completely freaked out. 
But suddenly he goes silent, and I 
go still. 
“What the hell is going on here?” Rafe’s voice asks, just outside the stall. 
My eyes dart around as I pray pray that Jesse holds his tongue
“Nothing.” Jesse says, laughing and playing it off. “Ari just…played a prank on me. Lunchmeat…in my bed.” 
“That’s not a prank,” Rafe says, confused. “That’s just…gross.” 
“Yeah well.” Jesse murmurs. “He needs to….work on his practical jokes. I guess.” 
“Whatever,” Rafe says, sighing, his voice tired as he moves away, heading back to the bunks. “You guys got this? I’ll see you in a few?” 
Jesse calls confirmation over his shoulder before turning back to my curtain. “This conversation is not finished, Ari,” he says, spitting my name out like it’s a dirty word. 
I don’t say anything, but when I hear his angry mutters move away, I exhale a deep breath and begin to strip down, using the entire length of my very long, very hot shower to decide what the hell I’m going to say to my cousin. 
When I finally step out of my stall, damp but dressed and tugging my hat down over my head, I have a plan. 
I mean, it’s a very basic, stupid plan. But it’s a plan. 
“Ari,” Jesse growls, standing right outside the stall as I step out, his arms crossed over the chest of his clean uniform, glaring at me beneath his freshly–washed hair. “You need to tell me. Now.” 
Chapter 27 
“Fine.” I sigh, looking up at him and giving him my best baby–cousin look. “Just can you scent mark me first? 1 don’t want to.
Jesse scowls but reaches out his wrist, rubbing it across my neck and my own wrists, perhaps a little more roughly than normal. “All right, with Ari, out with it 
“Can’t talk now, bye!” I shout, and then I bolt–dropping my towel and running as fast as I can for the bunk room and the safety of Rafe’s side. 
“Ari!” Jesse shouts after me, pissed now- but the element of surprise did its job, as well as his week of training me to run faster, and by the time he reaches me? I’m already throwing myself into Rafe’s bunk alongside him. 
“What the hell is going on?” Rafe asks, jumping a little as I dart behind him. 
“Nothing!” I say, laughing and panting a little. “Just a race! I win!” 
“Ari!” Jesse shouts again, skidding to a stop between our bunks and glaring at me, his eyes flicking to Rafe. And I look over Rafe’s shoulder at my cousin, my eyes pleading – because he did promise he’d keep my secrets, and even if I am desperately avoiding this conversation, I do trust that he’s not going to break that promise. 
Not right now, at least. 
“You’re such a little rat,” Jesse growls, reaching behind Rafe to smack at me. 
Rafe bursts into laughter as I shriek and Jesse, figuring out my plan, continues to wail on me half- heartedly until, laughing, I cry mercy and Rafe pulls me safely to his other side, protecting me beneath his well–muscled arm. 
“Enough,” Rafe sighs, though he smiles at both of us. “We’re supposed to stick together 
“I’m not sticking with that rat cousin,” Jesse grumbles, giving me a little kick as he settles against Rafe’s pillow.
“Rat or not, you’re stuck with me,” I say, peeking out from behind Rafe and grinning at him, trying to make peace. 
Jesse shakes his head at me a little, but he smiles, and I know we’re all right. 
on 
We spend the next hour or two comfortably in Rafe’s bed, telling about our days in the woods. It’s quite cozy, really, pressed warm against my brother’s side. Ben comes over too, sitting on the edge of the bed and telling us the story about how they couldn’t catch any fish and almost came up the time limit, but then he suddenly remembered that dandelions are edible and found a few sad little plants growing by their edge of their camp. 
We grin, congratulating him on his last–minute pass. Ben looks down, though, even if he smiles. Because, technically, his team didn’t fully pass – they didn’t make the ten–mile hike home. Anxiety is tight in my chest as I consider what this is going to do to his ranking, which was already on the 
Chapter 27 
cusp of failure. 
But the doors to the dining hall open, and we stand up, all hungry and ready for dinner–and the rankings that are going to come along with it. 
Spirits are high in the dining hall that evening at least, amongst the 80% of candidates who are relatively sure that they’re going to be admitted as candidates. Ben does his best, keeping his head high and laughing along with Jesse’s jokes as we move along the food line, filing our tray with a selection of food that makes my mouth water-
Seriously, this is the best yet- tonight must be some kind of celebration because there is tender steak, and gravy, and baked potatoes, and flounder so flaky and buttery it falls apart when you lift it onto the plate- 
My stomach absolutely rumbles as I sit down at our table, and I don’t even notice who sits down next to me until his arm brushes against mine and that familiar tingle runs through me. 
When I whip my head up to look at Luca, his eyes are already on me. “Hungry tonight?” he asks, flicking a humor–filled gaze towards my heaping plate. 
I can’t help my smile. “Starving.” 
– 
We stare at each other for a long moment – before 
which is just becoming our thing, I guess – someone across from me clears their throat. I turn my head to see Jesse looking at both of us with a raised eyebrow. 
Luca blushes beet red and looks down at his food, digging in, while I purse my lips and give Jesse what I hope is a very subtle, very fervent shake of my head. 
Jesse just narrows his eyes at me before rolling them and turning back to the group, seamlessly. slipping into the conversation. Luca and I do the same after a moment, and honestly the dinner is a good time. We all have full bellies and high spirits by the time the Captain stands at the front of the 
room. 
“All right,” he says, clapping his hands twice for silence. “Tomorrow is the last day of your candidacy and your final examination. Your semifinal rankings will be posted in just a moment. This is your last opportunity to know your spot before you go through the obstacle course one last
time.” 
My stomach sinks as he reminds me of what’s coming tomorrow – the obstacle course which I still can’t get through, not completely. That stupid chain climb… 
“I sugge 
you get a good night’s sleep,” the Captain continues, a little bored. “You’ll have a chance to clean up tomorrow before final rankings, which will be announced in person, in order, and those who make the cut will be invited immediately into the Academy. Those who don’t will be sent 
home.” 
He nods once and walks away from the head table as our rankings flash onto the screen above him. 
12:40 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 27 
Every set of candidate eyes moves immediately to it, searching for their name and the names of their friends. 
I scan down the middle of the list, knowing that I in there somewhere, and I exhale when I see that I’m ranked at 70–a respectable spot. My eyes move next to the top of the list, ensuring that my loved ones are still up there- and 1 smile when I see Rafe and Jesse in the top ten, though Luca- to my surprise has fallen to 11. 
My heart stops, a little, when I see Jackson ranked above him at 8 because – 
God, Jackson – 1 forgot all about him today. I mean, I had Luca to distract me but…
Am I happy that my other mate is going to be in the Academy? Or… 
But I’m distracted by the thought when I see my brother and my cousin turning to Ben, patting him warmly on the back. “You’re gonna have to bolt thought that obstacle course tomorrow,” Rafe 
murmurs. 
I turn back to the screen, a little ashamed of myself for not looking for my friend first – but there he is, at 101. 
“Maybe I can climb on your back, Rafe,” Ben murmurs, working hard to keep humor in his voice. “You can carry me through like a little monkey on your shoulder. Might be my only chance anymore.” 
“You’re not slow, man,” Luca says to Ben, his voice kind. “I think you just get in your head. You just 
– no hesitation.” need to go full wolf tomorrow, tear it to pieces. 
Ben puts on a brave smile and nods to us before half–heartedly tucking into his food again. 
“You do too,” Luca murmurs to me, giving me a nudge. And my stomach drops a little as I look up at him, because he’s right. 
70- it’s not a bad spot, but it’s not in the clear, and the obstacle course tomorrow is heavily weighted in the final ranking. And considering that I consistently come in last? 
I am absolutely in no way safe. 
I nod and swallow against the lump that forms in my throat, looking down at my food. 
“You’re going to do it, Ari,” my brother says, and I look up to see his steady gaze on me. He holds my eyes with his green ones, nodding to me once. “You didn’t come all this way to fail now. Don’t even let it into your head. Yes?”
I nod to him, forcing myself to smile, and then I square my shoulders and exhale a deep breath. 
Because Rafe’s right. 
Even if tomorrow is the trail of my life? There’s absolutely no way I’m letting this beat me.
###Chapter 28
Chapter 28 
Our group sticks together as we head into the barracks for our final night, which pleases me because even though Jesse sticks close to my side clearly wanting a word with me there’s not opportunity for it with everyone around. 
The five of us hang out for another hour or so around the Sinclair bunks, which pleases me, because honestly I think I’m starting to get an idea of what it would be like to all be together in the Academy. It feels like it would be really fun, honestly a lot of friendship alongside the incredible amount of work that we’re expected to perform. As I lean back against Rafe’s pillow, smiling around at my family and my friends, I think that…well, it kind of sounds great. 
My mind wanders, dreaming a bit about what it will be like inside. Will there be like, gathering spaces for us to hang out like this? Or will our rooms be like little stone cells… I mean, it is an ancient castle retrofitted into a school. Where the hell do they put 
at everyone? 
Are fresh candidates relegated to the dungeons? 
The lights flash once, letting us know that it’s very near time for lights–out, and Rafe curses as he sits up on the other side of the bed. “I need to brush my teeth,” he murmurs and we all agree, getting to our feet and gathering our wash–up supplies for one last trip to the bathroom before sleep. 
Apparently, every other candidate in the barrack was likewise distracted, because it’s kind of a mad rush in there. Rafe, standing stoically by my side, finishes brushing his teeth first and glances anxiously at the urinals.
“Just go,” I mumble, waving him off with my mouth still full of toothbrush and toothpaste. “I’ll be ten feet away 
“Fine.” he growls, glancing at me. “Stay right here, Ari,” and then he dashes off. 
I sigh and continue brushing my teeth, my eyebrows going up when my gaze catches on Alan Wright, of all people, standing in the middle of the room, glaring at me. When our eyes meet, he frowns and draws a finger across his throat, a clear threat. 
My face crinkles in distaste as I turn away from him, wondering what the hell his problem is. I mean, he’s still top ten with my brother and cousin – 
But then my mind flashes back to the ranking list, and I remember seeing Perry Gibson and Graham Wright listed below me 
Shit. 
I bend over, spitting my toothpaste out, trying to move past the not–so–veiled threat at Alan Wright is making against me 
Honestly, I’m just not used to people not liking me – as a Princess it was kind of my job to be well- liked, and whether or not people faked it they were generally pretty nice to me – 
Chapter 25 
Mar 
I sigh as I straighten up, feeling Rafe’s large form coming back to my side. 
“Rafe.” I sigh. “I’ve got to tell you about Alan Wright –” 
But as I turn, and his pine–and–ember scent hits me, and I tilt my head back to look up up and
up…. 
I realize that…it is not Rafe standing next to me. 
forms 
and 
My eyes go wide and my mouth forms into a little o as I stare up into the gloomy face of my other 
mate. 
“Alan Wright’s been messing with you?” Jackson asks, his voice rumbling in his chest. 
“Um, are you one to talk?” I hear myself spit out at him, and then I gasp a little, shocked that I would say that say anything to make him mad- 
– 
I step back, looking anxiously towards the door, when suddenly his hand wraps around my upper 
arm. 
It happens again, as it always does – the pulse that moves through the air- and my head spins back, staring up at him, wary – 
“No.” he says, frowning at me, stepping closer as I pull back, “don’t –” 
“Don’t what?” I breathe, my voice starting to shake a little as I tug against his hand. I mean, Alan Wright draws a finger across his neck, but Jackson tried to choke me yesterday – 
–
“Don’t be scared –“Jackson says, his words faltering as he looks at me anxiously, almost like he’s fumbling for words. 
I hesitate, but then tug again at my arm still in his hand. “Then let go of me,” I say, a little bit between my teeth. 
He does, instantly. “Please don’t run,” he murmurs. 
And I shock myself by…complying. Instead of bolting, I peer up at him, confused as hell but curious. “What the hell is going on, Jackson?” I hiss. “Yesterday you try to kill me and now you’re asking me not to run?” 
“I wasn’t trying to kill you,” he says, frowning down at me like I’m a little stupid. “If I was trying to kill you, Clark, you’d be dead –” 
“Great!” I say, my voice heavy with sarcasm as I look up at him with wide eyes. “Well, in an attempt 
my bunk-” to avoid your next attempt, I’m going to go hide in 
I start to move away but he takes a step forward. “God damn it,” he growls, angry but putting a hand out towards me, almost pleading – “would you just stay still? I’m trying to – to apologize…” 
My eyes go even wider if that’s possible – god, they must be like saucers now – 
12:40 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 28 
“You’re what?” I breathe, fascinated. 
“I’m trying to say I’m sorry!” he says, all in an angry rush. “And I’m not good at this – and you’re not making it easy-
“Oh, my bad for not making it easy, Jackson,” I growl at him, still thinking of the bruises that still blush purple on my neck. 
Jackson loses a long, angry breath and shakes his head at me. “I am sorry,” he says through clenched. teeth, pushing forward even though…well, yeah, I am not being exactly receptive to this, am I? 
“…I’m not really used to this,” he continues, frustrated, “and I’m not good at talking to people, and… and I was confused about a lot of stuff and I still have questions!” 
My expression softens as I look up at Jackson, watching his confused face, the way he looks down at the floor instead of at me, like he’s a little kid stumbling through his first formal apology after getting in trouble. 
– 
“But,” he continues, flicking his grey–blue eyes back to me now, “I am…sorry. For hurting you and scaring you. I shouldn’t have done that I lost my temper, and I’m…” he sighs deeply, and shrugs helplessly, shaking his head like he doesn’t know what to say. “And I’m not going to do that anymore. Okay? So, you don’t need to be…afraid of me.” 
Finished, he hangs his head, looking down at his shoes, clearly ashamed. 
My anger drops away from me in a flash and, in its wake, my heart breaks. 
Suddenly my mind turns back to all the times I’ve watched him, consciously or unconsciously, and my wolf whines inside me with pity. Because Jackson – he is always alone. He eats every single meal alone, and he doesn’t talk to anyone before lights out. He always just sits in his bed, silent, by himself. 
And while I always thought that was a choice…
Well, what if it wasn’t? What if Jackson doesn’t have any friends…because he doesn’t know how? 
“You’re forgiven,” I say, the words falling from my lips instantly, easily, and his head snaps up, his face the picture of surprise. I nod, reassuring him. “It’s okay. I forgive you. Um, we can just…move 
on.” 
“Okay,” he says, fighting a smile. “Thanks. Good.” He starts to move away, but I shock myself by reaching out and grabbing his sleeve. 
Jackson stops, turning to me with equal surprise. 
“Hey, why don’t you eat breakfast with us in the morning?” I say, my words rushed. 
“Really?” he asks, his eyebrows going up. He turns his head a little then, hesitant. “I’m not sure that your… friends are going to be happy with that.” 
12:40 Sun, Tu Mar 
Chapter 28 
“Leave them to me,” I sigh, dropping his sleeve and crossing my arms with a shrug. “Just…come. If you feel like it. It’s not a big deal.” 
He stands for a moment, staring at me, and then he nods once and turns, walking slowly out of the bathroom. 
I turn then, looking for my brother, and I breathe a sigh of relief when I see him busy, distracted by a group of candidates who are talking to him over by the urinals. Because…well, Jackson’s right Rafe is not going to be happy about my impulsive invitation if Jackson shows up tomorrow. And I did break my promise to Rafe not to talk to him again.
But…well, he is my mate. 
And he’s really hot, my wolf whispers unhelpfully, brushing up warmly against my heart and wiggling with excitement. He’s hot in like…a mean way – but did you see how cute he was when he apologized!? Go after him- maybe he’ll do it again – 
I groan audibly, closing my eyes against her impractical – but admittedly tempting – impulses. But suddenly I’m broken out of my reverie by my brother’s voice at my side. 
“You good?” he asks, his warm hand coming to rest heavy on my shoulder.. 
“Yup,” I say, my eyes flashing open as I grin up at him. 
“Good,” he says, slinging his arm around my shoulder and leading me out of the bathroom and towards our bunks. “Because we all need a good night’s sleep. You’ve got to bust your ass 
tomorrow.” 
“Aye aye, Captain,” I sigh, walking with him and then climbing into my bunk just as the lights flick off, truly intent on getting a full night’s sleep. 
But Jesse? 
Jesse has other ideas.
###Chapter 29
Chapter 29 
“Wake up!” 
My eyes fly open as a hand slaps across my mouth, accompanying the whispered words. I gasp in a quick breath of air through my nose, but as soon as I realize that it’s Jesse – 
“Asshole,” I breathe, though the word is muffled against his palm. I start to swat at him, wanting to 
back to sleep. 
go 
“No way,” he whispers, grinning at me over the edge of my bed. “You’re coming with me – we are having this long–delayed chat.” 
And before I can even protest, Jesse grabs me by the collar and starts to drag me from my bunk. I give a little gasp of surprise but then nk my uniform from his hands, turning and find my c way down before Jesse hauls me bodily to the ground. Because while Rafe will probably sleep through a couple of whispers, he is not going to sleep through my sound of my body hitting the floor. 
And Rafe – he cannot know what Jesse knows. Not after yesterday’s surprise. 
So I glare at my cousin as my feet hit the floor, scowling as I snatch my boots out of his waiting hand. He’s still grinning at me as he nods his head to the right and I nod, following him away from the bunks and towards the front of the barracks. 
I glance over my shoulder at the bulk that is Rafe, sleeping soundly in the bottom bunk of our bed, and when we get far enough away that we probably won’t be heard I give Jesse a hearty shove on the shoulder.
“What the hell were you thinking,” I growl, stopping by the door to tug my 
boots on. 
“I was thinking,” Jesse says, pushing the door open and gallantly bowing me through into the night. air, “that we need a little cousin time, just to ourselves, to discuss a certain little secret 
“Okay fine,” I hiss, pushing the barracks door hastily shut as soon as Jesse skirts out of the way, looking around to make sure that we actually are alone. Because, I mean, these doors are unguarded, and other candidates could be anywhere. 
And this conversation? I desperately want it to be private. 
“Come on.” Jesse says, still gleeful, and he heads for the path that we usually take in the morning when we go for our run, leading me to the top of a sparse hill where we can see for about fifty feet in every direction. 
Up here on the top of the hill? We definitely, completely know that we’re alone. 
“Jesse, I sigh, trying to figure out how I want to navigate this – 
But he just shoves me, hard, on the shoulder. “Is Luca Grant seriously your mate!?” he demands. 
Chapter 29 
glaring at me. 
I heave a deep sigh, closing my eyes, realizing that Jesse is not going to give me any control of this conversation. He’s here to make demands. 
So…I just give in.
“Yes, Jesse.” I say, hunching my shoulders and hanging my head a little bit. “Luca’s my mate. I’m sorry- 
But before I can get any further, my eyes fly open because Jesse lets out a ridiculous whoop of joy. 
“Yes!” Jesse shouts, pumping a fist up into the air. “This is amazing! This is the best, Ari! I’m so excited!” 
My own face bursts into a grin because I mean – this is not what I expected. “What – Jesse –” 
“Ari,” he e says, smiling so hard it seems to stretch his face in two directions “don’t you see how great. this is!?” He strides forward, putting his hands on my shoulders and giving me a little shake, “I mean, Rafe and I – we already like Luca – he’s already our friend! You could have been mated to anyone in here – a real loser, or a jerk! But it’s Luca!” 
I laugh too – Jesse’s joy is infectious. But also because – I mean – I really like Luca too. I never dreamed that if I had a mate it would be someone who is so fun, and funny, and gorgeous. 
“Soo…” I turn my head a little, looking Jesse up and down. “You’re not pissed?” 
“Oh no, I’m pissed,” he says, laughing a little as he takes his hands from my shoulders and puts them on his waist, “you have been sneaky as shit, and you should have told me as soon as you knew, but I mean – I’ll get over that. But Luca – I mean, he’s going to be part of our family – he’s going to be, like, our brother–in–law! I love it!” 
I blush when I hear Jesse’s words, and then I go completely red all over because – 
I mean 
I have not thought that far ahead.
– a mating ceremony. And while I guess that’s the natural conclusion of these things mate, Luca becoming part of our family, I mean – it makes sense – 
with my 
fated 
“What’s wrong?” Jesse asks, his voice suddenly all concern. 
“Can we just…slow down, Jesse?” I say, looking up at my cousin, whose face falls when he realizes his 
mistake. “I mean –” 
“No, I totally get it,” he says, reaching out a hand for my shoulder again, “I’m so sorry, Ari – that was very uncool of me, you just met the 
guy- 
“And he doesn’t even know that I’m…“I hesitate now, and then gesture at myself from top to 
12347 SO, YO M 
Chajar 20 
bottom–at everything Lawa doesn’t know I am: his mate, a girl, a princess, the daughter of a seriously powerful Alpha who is not going to react well to meeting anyone who has a romantic claim on his little girl no maner how cute their dimples are. 
“Wait, what?” Jesse breathes, his face lightening suddenly at the drama of it. Jesse, much more than Rate, loves a little gossip “He doesn’t know he’s your mate
“He doesn’t know anything. Jesse.” I say, raising my eyebrow at him and crossing my arms. doesn’t even know I’m a gul” 
Jesse’s mouth drops open and then he bursts into laughter, running a hand through his hair and turning around to stare out into the sky, putting the pieces together. 
“Wait,” he says, turning to look at me again, “but I thought you were using the drearn state with him 
“Well, that was an accident,” I mutter, looing down as I scuff the toe of my boot in the dirt. 
“An accident!?” 
“Well, I didn’t know I invited him to the dream state, Jesse.” I say, looking up and rolling my eyes. “Until it was too late! And then my wolf wouldn’t let me out!” 
Jesse stares at me for a long moment before cracking up again. And his laughter is so infectious that he gets me going as well, so much so that for about a minute or two we’re both just cackling on the top of a hill outside the barracks of the most elite military academy in the nation the night before we find out whether or not we’ll be admitted. 
And, honestly. 
It’s kind of the stress reliever I need. I laugh with my cousin until my stomach aches with it, his arm wrapped loosely around my shoulders in a brotherly hug. 
“Okay okay,” Jesse says, catching his breath and sitting down on top of the hill, tugging on my arm so that I sit down across from him, our knees almost touching. “You’ve got to tell me everything right from the start. I need all of the details, little cousin.”
And so…I do. I tell him everything, only leaving out the details about Jackson – because honestly, it’s such a relief to talk to Jesse about Luca that I don’t really want to spoil it by adding that information in. And Jesse he’s thrilled for me to have Luca as my mate. For a moment, I just want to concentrate on that. 
So I tell him about Luca finding me in the hot spring, and then him asking me hard questions about where his mate is, and how that struck up a friendship. Then I move on to describe the way that Luca and I are drawn to each other. Jesse smiles when I tell him about how well we connected during the survival test, but he can’t contain his laughter when I tell him about Luca admitting his attraction to me in the dream state when I again appeared as a boy. 
“Oh man.” Jesse says, “you’re probably giving him a serious crisis about his s*xuality, Ari. And I 
Chapter Ho 
shouldn’t laugh, bun damn, that’s funny. I did not expect that.” 
“I know.“I say, laughing too, wrapping my arms around my knees. “I feel really bad –” 
“But you can’t tell him.” Jesse says, still smiling, cocking his head to the side. “I mean, right? You’ve got to keep this a secret” 
“Jesse.” sigh, sighing a little “I mean, I’m certainly not going to tell him like, tomorrow, when we’re both still candidates – but I can’t keep this under wraps forever. I mean, I feel like even if Luca is confused and struggling with this, he’s not going to let it drop. Even if I don’t tell him, he’s going to figure it out.” 
Jesse’s shoulders slump a little at this. 
“What.” I say, considering my cousin closely. “Why is that bad?”
“Because,” Jesse says, with a little shrug. “I just…I know Grant’s reputation, Ari. And as much as I think that he’s going to respect you when he finds out that you’re his mate, I did kind of like the idea that you two were getting to know each other as friends first. Luca – he’s an Alpha. When he finds out you’re his mate, you’re going to be like…his mate.” 
I sit up straight at that, frowning. “What do you mean by that?”
###Chapter 30
Chapter 30 
I stare curiously at my cousin, waiting for my explanation. 
“I mean he’s going to be possessive,” Jesse says, shrugging. “The same way Rafe would be if he found his mate, and me too, to an extent. He just won’t want anyone else’s hands on you, will want you all to himself. And, considering that you’re taking a very independent and somewhat dangerous path in your life…” 
“Oh,” I say, thinking it through. Luca – his instincts are going to be to keep me out of danger. And if here I am, running off to war… 
Jesse shrugs again, twisting his mouth to the side. “Maybe that’s another reason why our dads decided, at least initially, not to let girls into the school. Wolf affections – especially with our mates – they’re more complicated and aggressive than humans.” 
“Well, I certainly don’t want Luca to like…hold me back.” 
“Or push you into things you’re not ready for,” Jesse says, raising an eyebrow at me, and I immediately know he’s talking about s*x even if he’s not saying it. 
“How do you know what I’m ready for?” I ask, narrowing my eyes at him even as my red. 
cheeks grow 
“Because, Ari,” Jesse replies, leaning forward and grinning at me, “you blush even at the inuendo. Which kinda suggests you’re not ready.” 
I scowl and kick him a little, but Jesse just laughs at me and looks back to the barracks. “We should probably go in,” he murmurs, “get some sleep.”
“Well now I’m all awake,” I sigh, leaning back on my palms. “So, thanks for that. It’ll be your fault when I’m a mess at the course tomorrow.” 
“Nah, that’s on you, Shrimp,” Jesse says, pushing himself to his feet and offering me a hand up, which I accept. As we turn back to the barracks, he slips that arm around my shoulder. “I really am happy for 
you, Ari,” he says quietly, smiling at me in the dark.. 
“Thanks, cousin,” I say, wrapping an arm around my waist. “Since you like him so much, it’ll be your job to protect him when I finally have to introduce him to dad.” 
Jesse laughs at this and agrees, but even as I smile at the joke…. 
Something picks at the back of my mind. Because even if everyone likes Luca and will be willing to convince my dad to let him have a chance… 
Who would stand up for Jackson? 
And…will I ever have the chance to introduce him to my dad as well? Do I even want that? 
Chapter 30 
We’re all tense at breakfast, and I stifle a yawn even as I pick at my pancakes. Even though they have chocolate chips in them today my favorite – I can’t really convince myself to dig in. My stomach is already filled with anxious butterflies 
Jesse and Rafe, of course, are chowing down across the table from me and Ben, who likewise picks. at his food. I glance to my right at Ben and he rolls his eyes towards the Alphas across from us, and then snorts like a pig, making me laugh.
But before I can add on to Ben’s joke, Laica slaps his tray down on my other side, making me almost leap out of my skin. I scowl as I look up at him. “Do you mind?” I ask. 
“What, are we feeling jumpy today?” he asks, grinning at me and leaning close to me so that only I can hear his words, “didn’t get much sleep after sneaking out in the middle of the night with our 
favorite cousin?” 
I gasp a little and then shove Luca on the shoulder with the tips of my fingertips, which tingle as usual from the touch. “Creep,” I say, narrowing his eyes at him. “What, are you watching me?” 
“You were clomping your way down the aisle in the middle of the night!” he counters, grinning at me as he takes his first bite. 
“I wasn’t even wearing my boots!” I , my jaw falling open. 
“What’s this?” Rafe asks, suddenly narrowing in on our conversation. 
Both Luca and I turn to Rafe, him grinning, me searching my mind frantically for an excuse -But, both fortunately and unfortunately, a convenient distraction arrives. 
A mountain of a distraction, actually, his full tray balanced between his two gigantic hands. 
As I look up at Jackson, my mouth falls open because I honestly didn’t think he’d take me up on my invitation to come to breakfast. 
And…also because I kind of forgot that I issued it. 
“Can I sit here?” he asks, his voice quiet but tense with what I now realize is anxiety, not aggression. 
“Sure,” I say, my face breaking into a hesitant smile at the same moment that Rafe says “absolutely
not!” 
I spin to look at Rafe, who is already glaring at me. 
I narrow my eyes at my brother though, frowning, and then turn back to Jackson. “Of course you can sit, Jackson,” I say, waving a hand to the last chair next to Jesse. 
Jackson starts towards it, but Rafe throws out a hand. “No way,” he says, shaking his head. “You can 
Chapter 30 
“Rafe.” Jesse interrupts, staring at my brother, his expression shocked and a little appalled, “Aunt Ella raised you better than this.” 
le’s eyes go wide with surprise and shame, but Jesse ignores him and turns a warm smile Jackson. “Please,” he says, nodding to the empty chair. “Have breakfast with us. I’m Jesse.” 
up to 
Jackson hesitates for one more second, but then puts his tray down and sits, introducing himself and shaking Jesse’s hand. Jesse goes through a bit of a farce now, introducing Jackson around to the table even though we’re all well aware of who he is, especially Rafe, who glares at me again even as he mutters a bitter hello. 
But I just shrug at my brother, who has clearly figured out that I’m behind this but hasn’t yet figured out why. I know I owe him an explanation, but…well, there’s really no time for that now, is 
there? 
But it’s actually Luca’s cold voice that brings my attention away from Rafe.
“Hey, McClintock.” Luca says, looking Jackson up and down in a way that clearly communicates his distaste. “We haven’t really had the opportunity to interact since that first night, have we? Can’t really say that I’ve missed you.” 
I go very idea. 
still as I remember yet another reason why this breakfast might not have been the best 
Jackson and Luca – they’re searching for the same girl, aren’t they? 
Which, actually, is me. 
And that…does not really make them potential friends, does it? 
I sigh a little, turning my attention back to my plate, realizing that I have officially, truly stuck my foot in it this time. 
“I guess we haven’t, Grant,” Jackson says, his low voice rumbling. 
“Cool!” Jesse says, too cheerful in the awkward silence that reigns at our table now. But Ben laughs, and I look up to see – – 
him shrugging because I mean what else is there to do? “So, Jackson,” Jesse continues, using his skills as a natural conversationalist to drag us all back together. “Anxious about the obstacle course today?” 
Jackson replies that he’s not, and Ben asks Rafe something about best methods for low crawling through the sand pit, and I exhale a long breath, thinking that we might get through this breakfast without a brawl after all.
Luca stays tense and quiet beside me, but eventually things get lighter as the minutes pass by. Rafe doesn’t say anything to Jackson either, but Ben and I do, and honestly by the time breakfast draws to a close I’m much more worried about the final trial instead of whether or not my brother is going to beat up my mate, or if my mates are going to find out about each other, or any of the other thousand things can could potentially go wrong with my personal life.“Did you eat enough?” Rafe 
asks, breaking out of my reverie, and I look up to see him looking at my full tray with concern. 
T% 
I glance down at my plate and realize that well, I probably didn’t. But I sigh and push the tray away 
from me 
Rafe sighs and pushes a carton of chocolate milk in my direction, but I just push it back, sticking out my tongue. “Rafe, unless you want me to barf chocolate milk up all over myself in about half an hour…” 
Laica, at my side, laughs a little, clearly listening. 
Rafe just grins and takes the carton back. “I just want you to have enough energy to get through the 
course, 
“We’ve got enough nervous energy to propel us,” Ben says, bumping his shoulder against mine. “Don’t worry about that, Sinclair.” 
Rafe just shrugs, opening his mouth to say something else, but Luca beats him to it. “What about Beast Mode over here?” he says, his voice a dry and honestly a little bit nasty as he looks Jackson up and down. I frown at Luca, not sure that I like this side of him.
Jackson – he’s been quiet and a little awkward during breakfast, though not impolite. He answered who questions when asked, and he did his best – but overall? He just struck me as kind of a shy guy is feeling out his place in an established group made mostly of Alpha males, which is not the easiest thing to do. 
And Luca? He seems quite determined to make sure that Jackson feels as uncomfortable as possible. 
“Come on, McClintock.” Luca says, smirking at him as he pops a grape into his mouth. “You’re the only one giving Sinclair a run for his money on this course today, what’s your secret?”
###Chapter 31
Chapter 31 
Jackson takes a long moment to size up Luca, I think feeling more comfortable with direct confrontation than small talk. “No secrets, Grant,” he says quietly. “Just genuinely f**king good at it.” 
Luca’s smirk deepens. “At least you’re good for the grunt work,” he says quietly, and my spine straightens at the cruel edge to his words. “Even the military needs its brutes on the front line.” 
The table goes quiet at the clear implication in Luca’s words. My eyes flick over Luca again, unsettled by this aggression. 
“I seem to recall,” Jackson says slowly, carefully, “that I beat you out on the intelligence exam too, Grant.” 
Jesse’s mouth forms into a scandalized, delighted little “o” as he looks eagerly between Jackson and Luca, and a scandalized little laugh stumbles from Ben’s mouth. Rafe and I are completely silent. 
Luca just leans back in his chair and grins, flicking his eyes over Jackson like he knows he could take him. 
Even though…honestly, he might be the only person at the table who believes that. 
“Thanks for breakfast,” Jackson says, smoothly breaking the awkward silence and standing up from his chair. 
“Stay,” I say, leaning forward, the word popping from my lips before I realize it. 
“Nah, I’m finished, and I want to warm up,” Jackson says, pushing his chair in and looking towards the tray–bussing station. But before he goes, he flicks his blue gaze back to me and holds my eyes
seriously. “But thank you for the invitation. No one…no one has asked me to eat with them yet. It means a lot.” 
I stay still for a moment, captivated by his gaze, but then he just nods to me. 
And I nod back. 
And then he’s walking away. 
“Ari, why the hell did you ask him to eat with us?” Rafe growls, leaning across the table to yell at me once Jackson’s out of earshot. 
“Because I felt bad for him, Rafe,” I say, gesturing in Jackson’s direction. “Didn’t 
– no one, for two whole weeks you hear what he just said 
“And did you ever imagine,” Luca says, his voice dry, “that maybe there’s a reason why no one asked him to eat with them? Because he’s a dangerous jerk?” 
I snap my head to glare at Luca, suddenly angry. “Don’t talk to me like I’m an idiot, Luca,” I say, my voice low. He blinks at me in surprise. “Don’t try to pretend I’m silly enough to not have bothered imagining why people might not like Jackson. But I also don’t imagine that most people have your particular reason for disliking him, okay? Just because you don’t like him doesn’t mean that everyone else needs to feel the same way.” 
I hold Luca’s gaze while he just stares at me, I think a little shocked to see the funny little Shrimp he’s gotten to know push back like this. 
“What on earth are you two talking about?” Jesse asks, leaning forward, fascinated.
“Nothing,” Rafe snaps, standing up with his own tray and nodding up towards the clock. “No one’s talking about anything anymore. It’s time to go.” 
I take a deep breath, because I know Rafe is right, and push to my feet, my hands shaking a little as I grab my tray. Rafe waits patiently for Luca, Jesse, and Ben to move ahead, falling in next to me as we walk to bus our trays. 
“You’re explaining this,” he says quietly, glaring down at me, “the moment we get into the Academy. All right?” 
I sigh and look up at him, words on my lips ready to explain – 
But then I grin instead, my eyes crinkling as I look up at my brother. “Does that mean you think I’m going to get in?” 
Rafe nods, assured, and then stalks forward to deposit his empty tray, taking my full one from my hands and putting it on the rack below his. “It does,” he says, his voice sure. “I believe in you, Ari. Even if I’m going to kick your ass for that stunt the moment we get inside,” he sighs, slinging an arm around my shoulders as we head for the gym, “I do think you’re going to pull it out. You’re a Sinclair, after all. We don’t fail at shit like this.” 
Happiness wells in me at my brother’s confidence, and honestly? 
I think it’s precisely what I needed to hear as I head into the gym, ready to meet 
Chapter 31 
my fate. 
We enter the obstacles course in groups of ten according to our ranking, which means that Luca, Jesse and Rafe are invited in way before Ben and I. I give Jesse and Rafe both hugs and wish them good
luck, knowing that I won’t see them again until the ceremony in which the final rankings are announced. We’ll be allowed back in the barracks after the obstacle course, but just to grab our things. We’ve got to get outside as fast as possible. 
Since I’m currently ranked in the middle of the pack a status which will surely change after this obstacle run – I don’t have too long to wait. 
As they call my name as part of the next group of 10, I wave to Ben, who gives me a wink and a salute of good luck. I grin as I turn away from him, hoping to hell he makes it too – Ben, he’s become a good friend. It would be heartbreaking to have to say goodbye to him now. 
little As I walk with the group of ten through the entrance to the course, I’m a chagrined to see that Graham Wright is part of my pack. But I sigh and just do my best to stand far away from him. As we pass through the door, I’m surprised to see a small group of Academy professors in black waiting there, making us all stand in a straight line. I’m studying them, my eyes catching again on the handsome brown–haired professor who I noticed at the intelligence examination. Today, he holds a shiny black orb in his hands. 
But before I can study him further, I do a bit of a double–take, because 
Because Jackson is there, at the start line of the obstacle course, kneeling down and messing with the tie of his boot of all the things. What the hell… 
“Clark!” Someone barks, and my attention is pulled away from my mate. I shake my head to clear it and step into place at the back of the line. Once I’m there, the professors begin to move slowly down the line, the handsome professor at the center handing the orb to each of us in turn and observing us carefully for a few seconds before taking it back. 
Each of the candidates looks as confused as I do after the experience, but…I mean, nobody looks any worse for the wear. So I attempt to pat down my anxiety as my
turn comes. 
“Candidate Ari Clark,” a Lieutenant says, making notes on a clip board as the professor comes to stand in front of me. When the Lieutenant nods that he’s 
ready, the professor looks me seriously in the eye. 
“Please take the sphere in your hands, Clark. Nothing else is required of you.” 
“What is it?” I murmur, looking down at the glass ball. But no one answers me. As I stare at the orb, I realize that it’s not a solid ball of obsidian glass, but instead…clear glass, in which shadows swirl and pulse. I go still with surprise as I watch the black clouds, and as I stare I even see…little pulses of purple lightening flash through them, as thin as thread and so fast you’d swear your eyes were playing tricks on 
you. 
“Thank you,” the professor says, and I jump a little before handing the sphere back to him. 
“You’re welcome,” I reply, and then I blush, because I feel a little ridiculous. I mean, I didn’t actually do him any favors. He smirks at me, looking me up and down before he moves with his colleagues to the back of the room. 
I’m still staring after him when someone barks my name again. 
I twist and then curse as I realize that all of the other candidates are lined up at the start of the course waiting for me. 
L
I run over, falling in line, putting my hands on my left knee in a runners stance, ready to make a break for it when the whistle sounds. 
To my shock, a tall form takes the spot next to me in line. 
But, of course, I know immediately who it is even though I don’t look up. I can tell by sense of smell. 
“Why are you still here?” I whisper, feeling like it is…not chance, that Jackson is running this route with me and not with my brother. But why would he do that? Does he…does he mean me harm again? 
“Problems with my shoe,” Jackson says, his voice light as he too bends over, ready 
to run. 
I exhale, trying to put my anxiety out of my mind – because whatever Jackson’s going to do in the course, I have no control over it now. Better to concentrate on what I can handle. 
“Did you read the handbook?” Jackson asks suddenly, and this time I look up at 
Chapter al 
him, completely baffled. Why why on earth is he asking me this seconds before we enter the course? 
“What handbook?” I ask. 
He turns a little to look down at me, frustrated. “The one your f**king uncles wrote, Clark.” 
I scowl. realizing that I never even knew there was a handbook because Rafe and Jesse – they’ve probably had it memorized since they were kids. “No, I never read the handbook,” I murmur, turning my eyes back to the gauntlet ahead of us.
“Interesting phrasing,” Jackson murmurs, glancing over at the Lieutenant at the sidelines, who starts to raise his whistle to his lips. “When they describe the rules for going through the course, it’s very clear that candidates will be disqualified for actively helping each other. But, there isn’t any language that prevents you from using other candidates‘ bodies as leverage.” 
“What?” I breathe, staring at him in utter confusion. 
But Jackson he just turns his face away. 
And suddenly the bell whistles, and I swear he’s gone in a flash- 
And I’m just left standing here alone on the start line, wondering what the hell 
“Go, Clark!” the Lieutenant barks. “The trial has begun!” 
Cursing at my idiocy for letting him throw me off the game, I launch into a sprint, heading into the course already behind on my time.
###Chapter 32
Chapter 32 
I’m gasping for breath by the time I get to the sand pit through which I have to army crawl under a heavy cargo net. This obstacle marks the final third of the course, which means that I’m almost done but it’s also the part that always slows me down the most. 
I dive in without hesitation, trying to push myself as hard as I can, not giving myself any time to hesitate or take a break even though my heart is pounding with the exertion. 
Rafe is right. I’m a Sinclair. We don’t fail at shit like this. 
And the chain climb, which is next? 
Well, I’m just going to have to handle that when I get there, aren’t I? 
In the meantime, I use my legs to propel me forward, my thighs burning as I use my stomach muscles to hold my body in the air as much as I can, my forearms moving fast to take my weight as I move towards the edge. 
By the time I get to the end of the sand pit I’m red and panting, my tongue sticky with sand kicked up into the air by the sixty–some cadets who are already ahead of 
like me in line, including Jackson, who has already overlapped me. As usual, he Rafe, Jesse, and Luca – goes through the course twice in the time it takes the rest of us to do it once, earning a completion bonus. 
But, considering that he didn’t even look my way when he passed me…I’m counting my blessings. 
I roll out from under the cargo rope, giving myself ten seconds to lay on the ground and catch my breath, as Rafe advised I do, before I try to magically levitate myself up this chain or something –
But as I lay stay still, carefully counting my breaths, suddenly a heap of sand hits me in the face – 
And I gasp, sputtering and roiling over onto my stomach as I frantically wipe at my face, hacking sand from my throat. I finally shake the majority of the sand away and get a glimpse of f**king Graham Wright smirking over his shoulder at me as he starts to pull himself up the chain 
God, what an asshole- 
He puts a further thirty second dent in my time as I work to spit the sand our of my mouth and ensure that it doesn’t get in my lungs. Then I pull myself to my feer and start to jog towards the chains, cursing the Wright family and passively plotting their deaths when suddenly 1 stumble in surprise, because 
Because f**king Jackson is right there, kneeling at the corner of the chain obstacle, again tying his damn shor 
I slow my pace but keep moving, trying to figure out what the hell is going on with him – 
I mean, honestly, if his boots are messing with him that much, why doesn’t he just take them off and go? This is going to put a severe dent in his time he’ll still get the completion bonus, but this will be the worst time he’s ever recorded, and he’ll certainly have given the title for this course to Rafe, who… 
But as I jog towards the chains, my mind working fast, Jackson raises his head. 
And looks directly into my eyes. 
I slow further and he scowls at me, glancing down at my feet, clearly telling me to 
get a move on. 
I hesitate for a second but then start to run, faster now. He lifts his eyes again to mine and nods, one, solidly. And then, shocking me, he returns his gaze to his shoe, his body curled over, his shoulders flat
above him almost like… 
Like…a table. 
Or a platform. 
I gasp as I suddenly realize what the hell is happening. 
And that…that I have one shot to take advantage of this gift Jackson has laid at my feet – 
And I don’t know why he did it – maybe as an apology for trying to choke me? Maybe as a thanks for the simple act of inviting him to breakfast? 
But for whatever reason he did it – Jackson has opened a door for me to f**king make it into the academy. 
His words at the start of the obstacle come back to me as I pick up speed 
“There isn’t any language that prevents you from using other candidates‘ bodies as leverage.” 
And as my focus lands on the flat expanse of his wide shoulders? 
see exactly how he’s positioned them for me. 
As leverage. 
With a final burst of speed, I launch myself into the air over Jackson’s head, my 
right foot landing on flat of his back between his shoulders, and I shout as I straighten my knee and push
Jackson lets out a yell and stands, acting for anyone who is watching like I did this without his consent – shouting after me and cursing like a damn sailor at the little Shrimp who used him like a damn step stool. 
But the leverage, and the fact that Jackson shouted and stood just as my foot hit his back – it only pushed me up higher. 
And the boost is everything I need. 
I grab the chain about eight feet off the ground, and I grit my teeth, putting every ounce of effort and will into my biceps as I haul myself the final two feet onto the platform at the top. 
But two feet? Two feet I can do. 
I ignore Graham’s shouts behind me as he calls me a cheater, and Jackson’s pretend curses, grinning like an idiot as I sprint forward on to the next obstacle. 
But the rest is cake -And as I cross the finish line ten minutes later, my coming in short pants, and glance up at the time? 
I grin, because it’s absolutely the best time I’ve ever made minutes faster than I’ve ever made it before. 
Which means… 
breath 
a whole fifteen 
it’s not a good time, the 
I start to laugh a little hysterically now. Because I mean obstacle course is still by far my weakest test, and it counts for so much in the final
ranking 
But I think…I think it just might be good enough 
And as Jackson crosses the finish line a second after me, I swear there’s a little smile on his lips as he glances my way. 
I fall in at Jackson’s side as the Lieutenants nod to us, letting us know they’ve got our times, my breath coming pathetically short in comparison to Jackson’s even. controlled breathing. 
But neither of us acknowledge it or even say a word as we pass through to the 
barracks. 
Because whatever is done is done. 
And only the rankings truly matter now. 
Inside the barracks, Jackson still doesn’t speak to me as he moves to his bunk and I go to mine. I glance around, looking for Jesse and Luca and Rafe – Ben won’t have come out yet – but none of them are here. Lieutenants move around the room, barking at us to hurry, and as much as I’d like a second to run to the bathroom and clean up, there’s just no time. 
So, I gather my pack, which really just has my spare blanket and my toothbrush kit in it I didn’t come with any personal belongings, like everyone else did – and head anxiously for the front door and out into the sunlight. 
Like everyone else, I head immediately for the line of candidates who already stand in formation, organized according to our ranking yesterday. Everyone stands looking forward, their hands clasped behind their backs like the soldiers they hope to become, their feet shoulder–width apart.A Lieutenant
directs me to my spot, a little black dot with a small number 70 painted on it. I exhale, tucking my hands behind my back and lacing my fingers together, assuming the position. As soon as I do, though, I start to peer around, looking for my family and my friends, hoping to hell that everything went okay for them. 
We’re all pretty spread out on the wide lawn at the base of the cliff on which the Academy castle is built, the entrance just a black door built into the wall of rock directly ahead of us. I curse my short stature again as I try to see between shoulders and torsos, but luckily we’re far enough apart that I get a glimpse of Rafe’s dark head rising high above pretty much everyone else’s. Near him at the 
front is Jesse, and down the line to their right is Jackson 
spare a glance for 1 ucx, and consider looking behind me to see if Ben has emerged yet, but then my eyes return to Jackson and I consider, again, why he helped me today 
But then my stomach sinks as I wonder god, did he help me today? 
I go over the events again in my mind. 
Jackson waiting for me at the starting line. 
Jackson telling me about a vague rule in the handbook – a handbook I’ve never heard of before. 
Jackson kneeling at the base of the chains, which he must know is my worst obstacle – 
And then the way he looked at me before setting his shoulders flat, basically inviting me to use him as leverage. 
But…was it even real? 
If it was – Jackson just gave me the boost I needed to get into the academy. But if it wasn’t… go white as I realize that Jackson – who basically tried to kill me twice – he may have just gotten me disqualified
from candidacy. If it is actually illegal to use another candidate’s body as leverage, which seems like it should be… 
Then Jackson just fooled me into breaking the rules during the last test. 
My face goes white as I realize the risk I just took, and I curse myself heartily as a fool as I realize that I trusted him because he’s my mate- 
But Jackson – he has no idea that I’m his mate. As far as he knows, I’m just the shrimp who is somehow keeping his mate from him- precisely the person he’d want to eliminate, precisely the person who he’d want to lure into complacency with an awkward apology and by accepting an invitation to eat at breakfast. 
I press my eyes shut, stifling a moan, realizing just how stupid I’ve been today. 
God, I shouldn’t have trusted him I should have just tried to do it on my own, taken the penalty for being so slow… 
Chapter 32 
Unless… 
I mean, isn’t it just as possible that Jackson, like Luca, does sense a connection between us? That he might want to help? 
“Candidates,” the Captain’s voice booms out, artificially amplified this time so that we’re all sure to hear him. “Congratulations on your completion of these two rigorous weeks. It is now time to announce the names of the 96 newest cadets at Alpha Academy. In order, those who have been accepted are as follows…”
And as the Captain pauses, reaching behind him for the official list of final rankings, I gulp dry air down around the lump in my throat. 
Because in just a few minutes I’ll learn the truth: whether my mate truly saved me, or if he intentionally ruined my dream of becoming a cadet at the Alpha Academy,
###Chapter 33
Chapter 33 
I’m shaking as the Captain places the list on the podium in front of him, all thoughts leaving my mind as he studies the names. Because as much as I’m desperate to figure out what happened, all I can do is listen and wait. 
“The cadet in the number 1 position,” the Captain says, his voice completely without emotion, “is Rafe Sinclair.” 
A shout goes up from the gathered candidates as their champion walks forward to shake the Captain’s hand and pass through the doors into the Academy. And even as anxiety still rolls within me, I can’t help the smile that bursts onto my face. 
No one is surprised at his taking first – Rafe has stayed at the top of the list this entire time, and as Dominic Sinclair’s son and near–identical replica, he was sort of a shoe–in for the spot. But I’m prouder than all of them, because he’s my big brother and as much as Rafe made it look easy, he worked his ass off for this his 
whole life. 
Rafe deserves it, and I couldn’t be happier or prouder of him. My eyes well with tears even as I cheer for my brother, because I wish mom and dad were here to see it. That’s not allowed, of course, but still. 
I know they’d be so proud they could burst. 
Jesse is called third, and I cheer just as hard for my cousin alongside everyone else as I catch sight of his cheerful face as he shakes the Captain’s hand. Jesse lets out a good–spirited whoop that makes me laugh as he dashes for the doors, clearly so eager to get inside he can’t help but run.
My eyes return to the Captain then, and I lose track of time as I listen to the names go by, watch hands shake as cadet after cadet is admitted. Jackson’s name is announced next, coming in at S – I expected him to be higher, but he must have lost time on the obstacle course either helping me or screwing me over. 
I scowl as Alan Wright is called, but the distaste is wiped away when Luca’s name is announced soon after, a big cheer going out for our resident celebrity. Luca showboat that he is riffs a little bit, waving out to the crowd of candidates as he walks to the Captain’s podium to shake his hand. 
– 
The Captain rolls his eyes a little at Luca’s vanity as he shakes his hand, but he can’t help but smile either. Luca – he’s a little bit irresistible, isn’t it? I bite my lip a little 
Chapter 33 
as I watch him pass through the doors, because I am well aware that I’m the one who is the least able to resist his charms. 
The numbers pass in a haze now through the twenties, the thirties, the forties and fifties – I don’t even pay attention, because I know I didn’t get that high. Pretty much everyone ahead of me on the field has been cleared out by now, which makes sense. 
As the numbers hit the late sixties, though, my stomach starts to turn. Because some of the young men behind me have been called, having risen in the final ranking, which means that some of us who were safe before the final ranking are going to be cut. 
The Captain reaches the seventieth name. And it’s not me. 
A boy behind me moves forward, rushing across the lawn to shake the Captain’s hand.
My heart sinks. Because, I mean, I knew I was going to take a hit in the ranking, but seventy was my spot. 
I hold my breath as the guys to my right are called, as the numbers make their way through the seventies. 
As number eighty is announced, and it’s not me, my heart sinks. 
The numbers continue to crawl upwards. 
As each passes, I become increasingly convinced that Jackson tricked me. I mean – he’s clever, I always knew he was smart. But how could I have been so stupid? 
The Captain announces the 86(th) candidate. Still not me, and still not Ben. I turn now, risking it, knowing that there can’t be any consequences worse than being cut from the Academy. My eyes immediately meet Ben’s, and I know that his expression matches mine. 
Dread fills every inch of me and Ben feels precisely the same. Thirty–four people are still left standing on this field, and only ten of us will become cadets. 
What are the chances that both of us will make it? 
Hell, what’s the chance that even one will? 
Chapen a 
About 30 percent chance for one, my wolf unhelpfully supplies, and inwardly I scowl at our propensity for fast math. But just about 6 percent for both of your 
Shit. Shit. I mean, I know it’s more than just a random selection – that our previous rankings come into play…
But as the Captain continues to announce names? Our odds continue to 
go 
down. 
The Captain announces number 90 and I hang my head, wondering what the hell I’ll do next. I mean, I guess I’ll go home, but how the hell will I get there? Rafe and I we never even discussed the possibility – 
I mean, there’s a train, right? 
“Number 91,” the Captain says, his voice bland and a little bored. 
And someone will let me use a phone I guess I’ll just…call my mom 
“Ari Clark.” 
My head whips up and I gasp. 
Because- 
That’s- 
That’s my name – 
I mean, it’s not my name, but – 
– 
A hysterical little laugh bursts from me as I stumble forward. I can feel eyes on me as a small, half– hearted cheer goes up – nothing like the cheering at the beginning, but most of the cadets are inside
now, and most of the people behind me are feeling just as horribly as I was a moment ago – 
The Captain locks eyes with me and I hurry my pace, eager to get across the lawn and shake his hand before he does something ridiculous, like realizes he made a mistake – 
Or figures out that I’m a girl – 
My feet move almost without me realizing it, and suddenly I’m right in front of him, reaching out my hand. 
“Well done, Clark,” the Captain says, a little smirk playing at his lips. I stare at him in surprise even as he clasps my hand because he didn’t say anything to most of the other new cadets. “Bit of a surprise, weren’t you? I’ll be seeing more of you 
inside.” 
I stumble away, still shocked, as the Captain releases my hand and continues on 
with the names. 
He’ll be seeing more of me inside? What – what does that mean? 
But I don’t have time to think about it, because suddenly the black doors of the Academy are in front of me, and my heart is absolutely pounding as I walk up to them. 
Because…I mean… 
I did it. 
I feel tears slipping down my cheeks as I walk slowly towards the doors, staring up at them, really realizing for the first time that…that I’m a cadet at the Alpha Academy. That I earned my spot, proved myself alongside everyone else.
That I belong here. 
A huge rush of pride blooms in me as I cross the threshold and accept my spot as number 91, Ari Clark. Cadet of Alpha Academy. 
A huge shout goes up as soon as I step through the door, and I gasp as someone grabs me off my feet, spinning me in the air. 
But I know instantly, by touch and feel, by scent, that it’s my brother – 
And I give a little shriek of happiness and wrap my arms around his neck, tucking 
face against his neck as I cry and shout for the joy of it. 
my 
“You did it, Ari!” Rafe shouts, his voice breaking in his excitement and his pride. “I f**king knew you could do it! God damn it, I’m so proud of you!” 
He spins me twice more before putting me back on my feet, and I stumble back a step, dizzy, but grinning up at him – 
It doesn’t last long, because Jesse grabs me next. “Shrimp!” he shouts, “I always 
thrilled believed in you, my Shrimpy little cousin!” And I burst out laughing now, 
and loving him loving all of them 
– 
Jesse puts me down, pressing a big kiss to my cheek, and then I’m in a third set of
arms. 
And let’s just say that I’m glad that the entrance hall is filled with joyful shouts, because when Luca presses me close and that summer–sun, citrus–and–apricots scent hits me… 
Well, the little moan that escapes my mouth is…deeply embarrassing, to say the least. 
“Good job, Shrimp.” Luca says, his voice soft, and I tilt my head up to smile at him. His eyes sparkle as he looks down at me, running a hand over my head like he’d be stroking it over my hair if he could see it. The intimacy of the gesture, it sends a shiver right down my spine. “I knew you could do it.” 
“No, you didn’t,” I say on impulse, wrinkling my nose up at him. “I bet you had all sorts of bets against me – 
“I did not!” he protests, laughing. 
“Admit it,” I say, pointing a finger up at him. “You had at least five bucks on me getting my ass kicked out of here –” 
Luca laughs harder at this, shaking his head, but his arms slacken when another roar goes up at the door. And I spin, moving away from him, my mouth spreading into a wide smile because the next candidate who comes through the door? 
I know that face, that wide smile. 
“Number 95!” Ben shouts, throwing his hands above his head as he leaps through the door. 
o too as 
And suddenly I’m we all move forward to hug our friend, welcoming him to the crew.
Ben – he’s the last of us to make it through, but he’s one of us now. We all are – cadets, equals. I wrap Ben in a warm hug, telling him how glad I am that he made it, him whispering the same to me. And then we both pull away, laughing and shaking our heads at each other, wondering how the hell we made it through. 
But we don’t do that for long, both of us turning towards the long hall through the 
cliff, to where our future waits. 
“Come on, baby sister,” Rafe whispers just so I can hear, slinging an arm around my shoulder, Jesse coming to my other side. “Welcome to Alpha Academy. Let’s get the adventure started.” 
And the three of us march forward together, eager to see what the future holds.
###Chapter 34
Chapter 34 
I gape a little as we walk down the long, dark tunnel towards… 
I mean, I don’t even know what we’re walking towards. 
“Where are we going?” I ask Rafe, a little breathless with intrigue and excitement. 
“Into the Academy,” he hisses back, like it’s a secret, but I know he’s kidding even before I glare up at him. 
“Uniforms,” Jesse says smoothly, running a hand through his hair like he’s very suave. “We’ve got to get fitted, because Academy cadets always look good.” 
“What?” I say, a little confused. “Honestly, that can’t be first –” 
“His dad,” Rafe says, “the vainest man in the world –” 
“Um, justifiably,” Jesse counters, grinning. 
“Yeah, whatever,” Rafe says, grinning, “anyway, Uncle Roger really did decide that all of the cadets enrolled here need to look their best at all times. So, yeah,” he shrugs, “first thing is fittings for uniforms.” 
“Whoa,” I say, and my awe is not simply for Uncle Roger’s semi–predictable flare for looking good, but also for the cavernous room we walk into next. Because, I mean, the tunnel was literally just that a tunnel, with rough walls and low lighting. 
But this?
“Damn,” Luca says, a smirk on his face as he comes up next to Jesse. “Looks like this city boy has finally made it, haven’t I?‘ 
I nod as I stare around the room, with its three–story arching stone ceilings and polished floors. And I mean, this is the bottom of the castle, where I assumed the dungeons were. If this is here, what the hell is upstairs? 
“This way,” Rafe says, tugging me along towards a line of professors waiting at a set of tables ahead of us, a set of boxes in front of them. 
“Ah, Cadet Sinclair,” one of the professors says, smiling at Rafe as he steps forward. “Naturally we thought you’d be one of the first to appear, but now I see that you 
Chapter 34 
were waiting for…” he peers beyond Rafe and blinks a little at Ben and 1, clearly having no idea who we are. 
“Some friends.” Rafe says blandly, smiling at the professor and putting on his best Prince and Heir persona. “Is there something here we need to collect?” 
“Your temporary uniform,” the professor says, smiling and lifting a box into Rafe’s arms, “sized according to your candidate apparel. Also within the box is your dorm information and key, the Cadet Handbook, and a map of the parts of the castle which you’ll need to find your classes. Class information will be along this evening shortly after your meal.” 
I peer around Rafe, listening interestedly, and I jump a little when I hear my own 
name.
“Cadet Clark,” the professor repeats, and as I turn I realize with surprise that it’s the dark–haired professor again – the one who made us hold that strange orb this afternoon. I move eagerly towards him, seeing he has what I assume is my box in his hands. “Congratulations, Cadet.” he says, his voice dry and amused in a way that makes me look up into his eyes as I take the box from his hands. 
“Thank you,” I say, and then I hesitate because…I mean, he’s just staring at me in this knowing way. 
“You’re welcome,” he says softly. “I’ll look forward to seeing much, much more of you, Cadet…Clark.” 
My lips twist up into a practiced smile, a knee–jerk reaction after years of Princess training that taught me to be sweet to anyone who says they look forward to seeing me again, but my reaction just makes his own smile deepen. And suddenly, as he holds my gaze, I get the sneaking suspicion that he knows….absolutely everything about me. 
As I back away from him I realize that I am on much shakier ground here, and under a great deal more scrutiny, as a cadet in the Academy than as a candidate in the barracks. 
I clear my throat, straightening my shoulders, doing my best to be, I don’t know, masculine. “Thank you, sir,” I say seriously. “I’ll look forward to you seeing you, 100.” 
But he just chuckles a little, clearly pleased and entertained, and nods to me. 
Chapter 34 
And I scowl, turning away as Luca, Ben, and Jesse accept their own boxes, my mind racing as I follow Rafe to the next step in our process. 
Rafe’s already rifling through his box as we step into the next room, which is smaller and has walls covered in mirrors. I look around passively, my mind still reeling from my interaction to the professor, who was the second person to tell me today that they’re going to see more of me…
What the hell do the Captain and this brown–haired professor teach? They’re so different – I can’t imagine, at all, that they’d teach something together. So….. 
But suddenly my eyes lock on a figure across the room and I go very still in shock before I suddenly burst out laughing, realizing that I’m looking at myself in the mirror on the far wall. 
“What?” Jesse asks, coming to my side. 
“Seriously?” I say, grinning at myself as I turn a little, observing my plain face with no makeup, my hair tucked expertly up below my cap, my baggy fatigues. “That’s what I look like?” 
Jesse frowns at me for a second and then looks across the room like I’m doing, his face bursting into a grin as he sees my reflection there too. He laughs. “Yup! You look good, Shrimpy!” 
“No wonder no one takes me seriously,” I murmur. Because honestly, I do look like a boy, but I’m sure that I’m the smallest, wimpiest, most pink–cheeked little guy that’s ever walked through these doors. 
“Don’t worry,” a girl’s voice says, and I go still when I hear it, turning towards it in shock as she laughs a little too and waves me forward. I mean, it’s not like I recognize the voice or anything – it’s just….a girl. “A lot of guys have that reaction when they see themselves for the first time in candidate grey after two weeks,” she says, smiling at me. 
She nods to the round platform in front of which she kneels on a little ottoman. “Come forward,” she says. “I’ll take your measurements, and we’ll have you looking dashing in a custom uniform before you know it.” 
I hesitate, realizing suddenly that this young woman 
she wants to touch my
body, to figure out the precise dimensions of my form. And while my baggy candidate uniform conceals everything about my slight figure… 
SUN, LU Mar 
Chapter 21 
She is going to have access to some details I don’t want anyone to have. 
The girl shrugs. “No worries, if you’re shy, I can take someone else first 
I glance quickly where Rafe and Jesse are already standing on platforms, but when I see that their tailors are older men… 
“Til go,” Luca says, starting to.walk past me and flashing his charming smile at the girl tailor, who is probably just about my age. “Hi, my name is Luca, it’s lovely to meet you –” 
“Hey, no cutting.” Ben says as I squeak a little, realizing I’m losing my chance to be measured by the only girl here. Luca falls back a step as Ben grabs him by the sleeve. “Let Ari go first, cheater.” 
“I was called before Ari,” Luca protests, but I scurry forward and Luca just laughs, letting me. 
Almost shaking with anxiety, because this could go very wrong, I step onto the platform. 
“Congratulations,” the girl says, smiling up at me. “Can you tell me your name for the list? 
I do so, and she makes a note on the pad next to her before reaching for her measuring tape. 
“Um,” I say, looking anxiously at my brother and cousin for help, but they’re talking to each other and have apparently forgotten all about me. “Listen, you don’t really have to take measurements for me, you can just…give me a uniform the same size as this one that I’m laughing.
Unfortunately, the girl just laughs as she reaches forward, starting to measure the length of my leg from my hip to the floor. “Cadet Clark, you are swimming in this uniform. Don’t worry – we’ll get you suited up very nicely – sharp and trim!” 
“No, really,” I protest, taking a step forward as she stands and moves behind me, tugging the pack from my back even as I try to cling to it. “Honestly, I prefer to be…unfitted…” She scolds me good naturedly for being so shy before measuring the width of my shoulders and then the length from the name of my neck to my lower back. 
I jump a little as her hand grazes the top of my butt, but she just laughs at me 
12:45 Sun, 10 MT 
Chapter 34 
again, going on with her work, and suddenly her hands appear in front of me as she passes the tape from one hand to the other, starting to loop it around my 
chest. 
“No, please.” I whisper, begging and doing my best to spin around. 
But the girl, she just keeps going. “What, are you ticklish?” she laughs, her words. kind and teasing as her hands move lightning–fast in a practiced manner, tightening the tape first around my chest, and then my waist, and then my hips. 
I hold my breath as her hands go still and she raises her head, her eyes slowly meeting mine as she considers the particular ratio of my dimensions.
###Chapter 35
Chapter 35 
My breathe freezes in my lungs as the young tailor and I stare at each other, neither of us blinking. 
I mean, I am not someone who can claim anything close to the dangerous curves of a temptress, but I am decidedly a girl. Like my mom, I have smaller breasts, but my waist is small and my hips are far from narrow. 
The seamstress stares at me for another second before she blinks rapidly, clarity suddenly coming to her face, studying me as she puts the pieces together. “Please,” I say, lifting my hands up and shaking my head vehemently, “please, I am begging you…” 
And then a grin bursts onto her mouth. 
My stomach absolutely sinks to the floor in relief. 
The girl’s smile widens and she nods once, glancing over at the other tailors, who have not looked our way. “I’ll fudge the measurements,” she whispers, nodding to me again, more eagerly this time. “Give you a little extra room for…..mystery. And I’ll send along some stretchy fabric for…” 
She quickly gestures towards her own breasts, just subtly, and relief floods through 
1. me. 
“Thank you,” I whisper as she beams and finishes up measuring my arms, around my neck, and finally my inseam. “Thank you, I owe you everything.” 
“You’re welcome,” she says, looking up at me as if she genuinely means it. “I’m…I’m really excited for you, Cadet Clark. I think it’s great.”
And as we grin at each other, I quite suddenly wish we had more time- 
Because she seems like the kind of girl that I could really talk to. And, all in a rush, I suddenly miss girl time with a vehemence that surprises me. I mean, I love my brother and my cousin and all my new friends here 
But if I could just have ten minutes to sit and talk to a girl who is my friend and confidant, who I can laugh with and spill my heart to… 
“Go ahead,” she says, nodding her head to the side and giving me a wink. “You’re all finished. Uniforms will be delivered tomorrow. Good luck!” 
I grin my thanks to her again and, while I probably should be worried that she’s lying and is going to tell her superiors the moment I get out of the room, somehow as I watch her finish up her notes, I am not nervous at all. 
But I admit, I am a little jealous when I notice that Luca is the next one to step on her pedestal as I sling on my pack and pick up my boxed temporary uniform. And as she greets him, he’s already smiling that too–charming smile. 
When the nice tailer looks up at him, her eyes widen with surprise and pleasure, and I can see that his charm and his dimples are already doing their work. 
“Come on, jealous,” Jesse whispers to me. He’s already out in the hall, and he laughs as he pulls me away from the doorway. “Time to go to the dorms. She’s not going to steal your man in the next two minutes.” 
I scowl at the thought because I mean, she is pretty and clearly very nice. 
But Jesse is right – I have other things to wonder about right now.
“The dorms?” I ask, sufficiently distracted by the thought of it. And suddenly I laugh at myself, because how can this not be the first thing I checked? I balance my box on one arm, lifting open the top and reaching my hand in, searching for the little piece of paper that I know has my dorm assignment written on it 
I mean, where will I be living? Will it even be close to Rafe and Jesse? What will the bathrooms be like – 
“Don’t worry about that,” Rafe says, grinning at me and putting a hand on my arm as I search. “We made sure you’re in with us.” 
“With…with you?” I ask, looking between them. “I’m rooming with you?” 
“It’s a big suite,” Jesse says, slipping an arm around my shoulders. “We had them add a little matchbox bed in the corner for our pet shrimp. Wasn’t a problem.” 
“How do you – how did you already pull strings and make changes?” I breathe, shocked and suddenly very excited. “Did you already know your room before today?” 
“Mom and dad….might have pulled some strings before we enrolled as candidates,” Rafe says, “just in case we got admitted as cadets.” He shrugs like it’s no big deal, which just makes me burst out laughing. 
“Nepotism!?” I chide, shaking my head at him. “You used nepotism to get the best suite in the place!?” 
“Hey, we rarely use our royal privilege for anything.” Rafe says, slinging an arm around my 
as he starts walking down the hall, taking me with him. “Just 
this once-
“Just this once,” I scoff, laughing at him, “how about the fact that we grew up in a palace, and had world–class educations by the time we were sixteen –” 
“Or these looks,” Jesse says, gesturing to his admittedly gorgeous face, “completely inherited. I did nothing to earn this.” 
“And our titles,” I continue, making Rafe laugh even more at his understatement. 
“Really, Rafe,” Jessie considers, nodding, “being a duke has gotten me a serious amount of tail, and your Prince status ” 
I gasp, spinning to Jesse, fascinated and dying to know more. 
“Enough!” Rafe booms, interrupting and dropping his arm from my shoulder so he can give Jesse a shove. “Fine, you both got me, we’re spoiled rotten, and mommy and daddy got us the nice room. I admit it! But…you’re not going to guilt me into giving it up!” He grins at me. “It’s a really nice room.” 
“Who cares about that anymore,” I breathe, rapt, “tell me about the tail!” 
But Rafe just groans, shaking his head and striding ahead. “Drop it, Ari!” he calls back. “We’re not having this conversation! Ever!” 
I step closer to Jesse as we hurry along. 
“Tell me tell me tell me,” I whisper, looking up at him, my face all eagerness. 
“It all starts five years ago,” he says, his voice very wise voice as he slides his arm Rafe’s place around my shoulder, “when Rafe met this very nice foreign exchange student named Theresa 
in
“Jesse!” Rafe barks out, spinning in the hall, his expression appalled. “If you say one more word I will tell her everything about you – and there’s way more of that 
Jesse and I burst out laughing as we catch up with Rafe. “I love this,” I say as we 
reach the doors of a gorgeous brass elevator that will take us…honestly, I have no idea where it will take me. “I love Alpha Academy – who knew there was so much gossip involved –” 
“There is no gossip.” Rafe growls, glaring at me. But then he smirks and raises an eyebrow. “Unless…” he says, his voice slow, “you want there to be. Ari.” 
And I gasp, remembering that he does know parts of my mate drama that Jesse doesn’t and vice versa – and I glare back at him. 
“Wait what?” Jesse says, grinning and looking between us. “Rafe has gossip about you?” 
“Why don’t we all just declare a stalemate!” I say all in a rush, grinning up at my family. “Full stop on all dramatic news for the time being. Yes?” 
And as the elevator doors open with a pleasant little ding, we all step inside and agree to the terms, even though Jesse gives me a wink, letting me know that he’ll spill at the first opportunity. I grin and lean in to nudge him with my shoulder, letting him know I’m ready when he is. 
if that’s 
The elevator whooshes us up into the air, faster than I thought would be possible for an ancient castle like this. And as it does, I feel my spirits rise too even possible. 
–
Because I’ve certainly got secrets to keep, but right now? For the time being, at least for the next twelve hours, through my first evening and night at Alpha Academy? 
It seems like those secrets are going to hold. 
And right now, that’s all I can ask for. 
When the elevator dings and the doors open again, a little fascinated noise spills from my mouth. Because this – this really looks like a castle. 
“Come on,” Rafe says, grinning at me and striding forward, pulling a little iron key from his box.
###Chapter 36
Chapter 36 
I hurry along with my brother and my cousin, staring around at the stone hallway that meets in gothic arches above our heads, at the windows scattered along the right–hand wall that look out over the landscape. 
I grin, because I thought I’d gotten used to the view from the barracks – but this high? I feel like I can see everything, and the wide grey landscape around the castle is desolate and gorgeous in its own way. My steps slow despite me as I wander over to one of the windows, which looks north towards the palace, towards home, where mom and dad are – 
And Mark and Junic too – god, how long as it been since I thought about them I’m a bad big sister- 
“Ari!” I jump a little at Rafe’s frustrated bark and then laugh and hurry along to catch up. 
We wind our way up the staircase at the far end of the hall, two stories which I’m pleased to see takes my breath away less than I thought it would. I guess two weeks of workouts really has helped me out in regards to my fitness, at least a little bit. 
But when we get to the top of the staircase – which must be the highest level of the 
Rafe strides eagerly down the hall, leading us to a broad wooden door at the center. I glance around, but don’t see many other doors on this level. 
castle 
— 
“Are we, like, alone up here?” I ask, curious.
“It’s a more private floor,” Rafe answers, inserting the key in the lock and deftly twisting it. “But, the suites are meant to accommodate more than one Cadet, so they’re a little larger.” 
The lock clicks and Rafe grins at me before opening the door. 
“Jesse, Ari,” he says, proud and eager, “welcome home.” 
And then he pushes the door open, and my jaw feels like it hits the floor. 
“Oh my god,” I breathe as I step into what has to be the most gorgeous room I’ve 
ever seen. 
I drop my box immediately on the floor along with my pack as I step in, spinning around to take it all in. 
Chapter 96 
“Whoaaa,” Jesse says, laughing with his own joy. “This is amazing!” 
Rafe just grins with pride, striding in like he planned it all. Which, I mean, he probably did. 
I cover my mouth with my hands as I stare around the gorgeous room, which has high steepled ceilings like the arches outside. At the center of the room is a lovely little living area set before a huge hearth where the logs are already laid out for a fire, ready to keep us warm. A set of worn furniture couches and chairs before the fireplace, mismatched but looking well–loved and comfortable. 
sits 
Beyond that, in the two far corners of the room, are two huge beds to accommodate the two huge Alphas for which this room was designed. I grin as Jesse folds back the ornate wooden screen that sets his little bedroom area apart and then leaps onto the plush bed that lays behind it.
“Oh yeah, this one’s mine!” he shouts, already snuggling into the wealth of blankets and pillows waiting there. 
“Fine by me.” Rafe says, grinning and tossing his box down on the bed in the other corner, which has rich velvet drapes all around it that he can draw together for his own privacy. Between the beds are two bureaus, and then two desks, presumably for homework – 
I mean, if there even is homework. I have no idea what the coursework will be like here or will everything we do be physical? I honestly don’t know 
But as I consider it, I turn, frowning a little. 
Because where do I… 
I mean, Jesse joked about a match box, but…I turn to the corner looking for it. “Over here, little sister,” Rafe says, grinning at me as he strides across the room. 
I go a little still to hear him refer to me as his sister, but he just shakes his head and smiles at me. 
“It’s just us in here,” he says, passing me and moving towards the hearth. “We can 
be a bit freer with our words.” 
“And our gendered identities,” Jesse adds helpfully from his place snuggled in his 
blankets. 
Before I can add any comment, though, Rafe moves to a little alcove next to the fireplace and pulls back a red velvet curtain, looping it behind an ornate brass hook to hold it back. “You’re in here, Ariel,” he says, stepping back with a smile.
I walk forward, fascinated, and I gasp softly as I peer into what is just….the sweetest little nook I’ve ever seen. 
There’s a bed squeezed in – smaller than the boys, as is necessary to fit in the space, but just as plush with pillows and blankets. And at the foot of the bed there’s a small chest of drawers and the world’s tiniest, prettiest iron–and–wood desk situated neatly in the corner with an oil lamp attached to the wall above it for light. It’s simple, but it’s so cute, and so plush, and so cozy – 
I am instantly at home, and instantly in love. 
“I mean, I know it’s small,” Rafe says, running a hand anxiously through his hair, “but we thought you’d want to room with us, and we wanted to give you a little more privacy –” 
“I love it!” I shout, hurling myself at my brother and wrapping my arms around his waist. He stumbles back in surprise, but laughs and puts his arms around me too. “I love it, Rafe, it’s perfect.” 
head 
My big brother hugs me back, rocking me a little in his arms, and I rest my on his broad chest as we both study my nook. “Only takes two weeks in the barracks to be impressed with a little alcove, after a lifetime in the palace,” he 
murmurs. 
“Nah, this is way better than the palace,” I whisper, meaning it. “It’s mine.” 
I mean, we’re not kids anymore, but it’s not like Rafe or Jesse or I ever really left home and got our own apartments or anything. For all of us? This is our first taste of independence, and I know we all feel excited about it, even if it doesn’t match the luxury we grew up with.
Or, well, some of it. The amount of pillows and linens heaped on each of our beds that just screams mom’s motherly touch, wanting us to be cozy and comfortable in our own little nests. 
nook “Very swanky spot, little Shrimp cousin,” Jesse says, coming over to see my and looping an arm around Rafe’s shoulder. I wiggle my way between them – my habitual spot – and wrap an arm around Jesse’s waist too. “Perfect little matchbox 
bed, just like I said.” 
“We tried to get you a bigger one,” Rafe murmurs, looking down at me with a little. guilt in his eyes, “but they said this is the only one that would fit 
“It’s great!” I say, laughing and wrinkling my nose up at him, not wanting him to feel bad about it for even a moment. “I’m not a gigantic Alpha like you по chance of my feet hanging off the edge of a standard–sized bed.” 
“I think I need to commandeer some of these pillows, though,” Jesse says, moving forward into my nook and reaching for my bed, “far too fluffy, there won’t even be room for you –” 
“Hands off!” I snap, jumping forward and swatting at his arm. He laughs, backing away, and I turn around again, looking for another door. 
“So, do we share a bathroom with everyone else, like in the barracks, or something?” I ask, curious. My heart drops a little at the idea it would be so great to be able to have some privacy, not to mention control over how filthy the shower gets. 
“Nah.” Rafe says, smiling again and walking over to a bookcase in the corner. “Are you ready for the best part?”
I frown at him, not getting it yet, but then my jaw drops again – god, I’m going to wake up with sore cheeks tomorrow, after all of these surprises – when he pulls on a book and the case itself swings open – revealing a huge bathroom beyond. 
“Oh my god,” I gasp, darting in and spinning as I stare around in the room. Honestly I mean, it’s a bathroom that rivals even mom and dad’s at home. A wide tiled shower with a rainfall shower head at the top and multiple jets along the wall – and two wide sinks, even a little vanity in the corner next to an ornate full- length mirror. God – why would boys need a vanity – why would they need a 
mirror – 
But the true triumph is the huge soaking tub sunk into the floor, probably about five feet deep by the looks of it, to accommodate Rafe and Jesse’s huge Alpha 
bodies. 
“Wow,” Jesse says, looking at the tub with wide eyes. “God, you could do laps in that thing.” 
“Dad had it put in for us,” Rafe says, a little smug. “You can turn it into an ice bath too, for when your muscles get sore-” 
“Out!” I say suddenly, knowing immediately that I’m getting first dips on this. The boys stare over at me in surprise. “Out!” I say again, striding back across the room and shoving them both on the chests to back them out of the room. “I’m taking thirty minutes in here, and I do not want to be disturbed.” 
My brother and my cousin start to laugh, pretending to put up a fight, but eventually they allow themselves to be shoved from the room. They call their farewells after them as they go, but I don’t even listen, pulling the door shut and immediately moving to the soaking tub, flicking on the industrial faucet and starting to strip off my clothes.
###Chapter 37
Chapter 37 
The next thirty minutes are…the most indulgent of my life. 
I think I groan in pleasure at least sixty times as I soak my body in the steaming hot water, as I soap every inch of my skin, as I finally finally wash my hair with real shampoo and conditioner instead of that horrible stuff we were supplied with in the barracks, which stripped my hair of all its oils and left it dry. 
I find a little basket next to the tub that, like all the pillows outside, just shouts mom. There are lots of bath salts and scent bombs and oils. 
I mean, is this standard issue for new cadets, a gift from the Queen? Or….did mom somehow arrange for this to be waiting here for Rafe and Jesse, who honestly might not even notice it? 
Either way, I spend a good long time adding bubbles to my bath, pouring in some nice salts to soften the new callouses on my skin, and finally sniffing all of the bath oils and adding my own particular cocktail of scents so that my bath becomes a blissful, delicious haven. 
– 
I rest peacefully for a long time in the bath, only interrupted when Rafe cracks the door open and shoves my uniform box in so that I’ll have something to change into when I come out. I call my thanks to him before I seat myself in the tub there’s actually a seat at the far end, like a jacuzzi – and breathe deeply, closing my eyes and letting myself relax. 
The past two weeks wash over me, and I shake my head, wondering if it was all a dream. So much has changed in that time. I went so abruptly from the engaged Princess who was eager to be a bride so that she could help her nation to, the next day, the Academy’s shrimp – lowest–ranked candidate and least likely to get through the doors.
And, I went from being engaged to a horrible man who completely fooled me to… 
To what? 
Having two mates, who think I’m a boy? 
I sigh, resting my head against the edge of the tub and taking a second to try and piece my identity together. 
I mean, I was the Princess, and then I was the Shrimp. 
Sun, 
Chapter 37 
And now…who am I? 
Who is Ariel? 
My eyes slowly open as I start to realize that maybe…I don’t really have any idea anymore. I mean, I know Ari Clark is a cadet at the Alpha Academy, and I’m thrilled to be here. But…I’m not really Ari Clark either, am I? 
So… 
I laugh a little at myself, at these big questions I’m not going to be able to answer with the simple aid of a hot bath. But, it’s a good start 
And honestly, I’m really excited to find out. 
As the water starts to cool I sigh and flick the switch for the drain, climbing out of the tub – there’s even a little set of steps! – and toweling myself dry as I hum softly to myself. Then I take my time combing
my hair out, putting on moisturizer – also mom’s favorite brand, I smirk to see, waiting by the edge of the sink indulging in a good long moment to brush my teeth. 
– 
and 
Feeling much refreshed and more at home in my skin, I finally dress in my black uniform, smiling proudly into the mirror as I take the time to braid my hair in a neat arch on top of my head instead of hastily just tucking it up onto my cap like I usually do when I don’t have time. The effect is much neater and more comfortable as I pull my cap on, exhaling a satisfied breath. 
I give my reflection one last nod in the mirror, and then head out the door. 
“Hey Rafe,” I say as I push into the room, “did you see that mom – 
“Ari!” Rafe says, interrupting me and smiling at me anxiously from his place on the couch. “Did you see? Our friend found us!” 
And my eyes immediately move to Ben, who turns and waves to me from his spot on the couch. And I go dead pale, because… 
Because I haven’t been scent marked yet. 
Cousin!” Jesse shouts, bounding across the room and grabbing me close, pretending to roughhouse with me a little bit, teasing me about hogging the bathroom for an hour as he subtly wipes his scent on all the usual parts of my body. I pretend to protest, laughing and pushing at him, but when I glance up into 
his face he gives me a wink, letting me know he thinks I’m safe.
So I smile, and nod, and head over to the fireplace where I flop into an armchair, grinning over at Ben and Rafe on the couch. “Are you close by, Ben? I 
Do you your room?” 
like 
“I’m two fights down and do like it,” he says, giving me a warm smile. “I mean, it’s nothing like this…” he gestures around at our rather expansive room. 
“Really?” I ask, genuinely curious. “What’s different?” 
“Well, it’s just me,” he says, shrugging. “I think that’s pretty normal though – after two weeks in the barracks, I think that most of us want our privacy.” 
“Do you have your own bathroom too?” I ask, cager. 
“Yup,” he says, grinning, “but by the sound of it…it pales in comparison to yours. The rooms are nice – I have a window, a bed, a desk, a place to put my stuff. But it’s pretty small – no place to entertain guests like you have.” 
“Except your bed,” Jesse comments, a wicked grin on his face as he lowers himself onto an armchair, one of his legs draped over the side. 
Ben blushes a little. “You inviting yourself over, Sinclair?” he counters, raising an eyebrow Jesse’s way. 
Jesse grins. “I’m flattered, Ben, but my tastes don’t swing that way.” Ben clicks his tongue and shrugs like it’s a great loss, making Jesse laugh. 
Before I can ask any more about his room, though, a bell rings somewhere in the room, making me go still.
“What the hell is that?” I ask, a little freaked out, looking everywhere for it. 
“Dinner bell,” Rafe says, and I look at him curiously as he stands up and heads to a little door at about chest–height in the far corner of the room. 
“How do you know this stuff?” I ask, getting up and following him, immediately curious. What’s this little door – how did I miss it before? 
And what the hell does it have to do with dinner? 
“Because I read the handbook, Ari,” Rafe mutters, swinging the little door open 
and revealing – of all things – a little wooden box waiting on the inside, the edge 
closest to us open. 
“Oh my god.” I breathe, peering around Rafe, “it’s it’s a tiny elevator…” 
“It’s a dumbwaiter,” he corrects, laughing at me and pulling out the fairly large cardboard box that’s waiting inside. “This is how food is delivered 
apparently, packages.” 
and, 
“That’s so cool!” I cry, laughing and following Rafe as he carries the package back to our little living room area by the fireplace. 
We all lean forward and watch as Rafe pulls a pocket knife out of his new black pocket – where did he get that? – and quickly cuts the tape to the box, opening it and revealing…
“Oh my GOD!” Jesse shouts, grabbing for the packet of his favorite cookies that is sitting on the top. “I love these! Mine! No touching! No takebacks!” 
I gasp in excitement as I realize that it’s a care package from our parents. Rafe starts to sort through everything, beaming like the rest of us. “Wait, we can get mail here!?” I gasp, delighted. 
“We can,” Rafe says, grinning at me and handing me a packet of the peach–ring candy that we’ve both loved since we were kids. “Ben, help yourself – do you see anything you like?” 
“You can’t have my cookies, Ben!” Jesse shouts, his words muffled around the ones that are already in his mouth. “Don’t even try!” 
There’s a little bit of mayhem then as we sort through all of the stuff, pulling it out and trying to decide which bits belong to whom, encouraging Ben to take what he likes and trying to ensure that he feels welcome and included in our haul. 
Jesse and Rafe go out of their way to make me feel included too, because obviously 
mom and dad still think that I am, the package was intended for them 
mysteriously, somewhere else. But Rafe immediately presses the fuzzy green throw blanket into my arms, saying it’s for me even though I know mom picked it just because it matches his eyes. But I accept it, because it’s cozy to have something mom picked out, and because Rafe is being nice. 
And Jesse – he makes sure that he gives me half of his candy and snacks, which is 
truly a great sacrifice because my cousin is a notorious bedtime snacker sometimes he’ll fall asleep with his hand still in a bag of chips. 
But the thing that really breaks my heart is the two thick envelopes at the bottom of the box. Rafe and Jesse’s names written in mom’s and Aunt Cora’s handwriting. respectively.
Rafe and Jesse look up at me when they see them, guilt all over their faces. 
Because there is no envelope for me.
###Chapter 38
Chapter 38 
Rafe looks at me with a little grimace, slowly taking the envelope out of the box and moving to tuck it into his back pocket for later, not wanting to make me watch. 
“No, read it!” I say, flapping my hands at him and working hard to tuck my disappointment low in my stomach. Because, I mean, I know that if mom knew I was here she would never have left me out would probably have written me the longest letter of all. I can’t be hurt by this, and I don’t want him to have to wait. 
“Are you sure?” he asks, hesitating, turning the envelope over in his hands. 
Jesse rips his open, digging in, giving me a little shrug. I nod eagerly at Rafe, encouraging him, as Ben gives me a soft pat on the shoulder, not saying anything but…letting me know that he’s here for me. 
Rafe sighs but can’t help it. He settles back into the couch cushions as he opens and unfolds his letter, a smile already on his lips as he reads through the first 
words. 
“Did we miss anything?” Ben asks cheerfully, tipping the box towards the two of us as we sit together on the rug, giving Rafe and Jesse their privacy. 
“I don’t think so,” I say, peeking into the box again, willing to take up Ben’s offer of a distraction so that I don’t get overwhelmed by my jealousy. 
“Yes, we did,” Ben says, laughing and reaching into the bottom of the box. 
“What?” I say, surprised, leaning closer. “What is it?”
And my heart absolutely falls to pieces when Ben pulls from the bottom of the box a very, very pretty blue velvet hair ribbon, already tied into a bow with a silver clip. at the back. 
I give an unintentional little gasp when I see it, as my eyes rove over the soft fabric, the little silver trim that runs along the edge- 
Because I know, without even having to read the little tag attached to the clip, that this is from my mom, and that she sent it for me. 
But my stomach plummets as Ben picks up the tag, his eyes moving quickly over my mom’s small, swirling handwriting. 
Rafe- 
I know that this box is to celebrate you, but I couldn’t help myself. 
When you next see Ariel, will you please give this to her? 
I know she would like it. 
Tell my beautiful girl we miss her and that she is much loved. 
-Mom 
My eyes fill with tears as I read the note over Ben’s shoulder. 
Very quietly, almost gently, Ben turns to me with the velvet hair ribbon flat on his palm. 
“Here,” he says, giving me a little smile. “You should have it.” 
1 stare at Ben with wide eyes, all the blood draining from my face as I lean away from him in shock, the heels of my hands hitting the ground behind me and taking all of my weight.
Because he… 
Why is he giving this to me? 
What does he…. 
A snarl suddenly rips from Rafe’s throat and Ben goes very, very still, the ribbon balanced on his hand. I whip my eyes to my brother and my cousin and sit up very straight and very still as I realize that this… 
This just got quite dangerous for Ben. 
“Ben,” Rafe says, leaning forward on the couch, his eyes focused solemnly on Ben’s face. “What are you doing with that?” 
“Um,” Ben says, his eyes flicking to the blue velvet ribbon on his palm. 
“Why,” Rafe continues, his voice rumbling low with menace now, “are you giving 
that to Ari?” 
My eyes flick back to Ben, whose gaze I’m surprised to find already on me, wide 
and frantic, looking at me for answers. I stay very still for a second and then as he tilts his head to the side with a little bit of irony, looking at me like this is all my fault- 
I realize that he definitely, definitely already knows. 
“Oh god damn it. Ben!” I shout, lashing a foot out and giving him a good solid kick in the thigh. “How long have you known!?” 
His face suddenly bursts into a grin as he flinches away from me, a relieved laugh stumbling from him as he sees that I’m not going to kill him, just kick him. “From like, the first time we did after–hours
training, Ariel –” 
Jesse gasps to hear my name coming from Ben’s mouth. 
Ben turns when he hears it. “I mean, that’s it, right?” he says, looking between my brother and my cousin before coming back to me. “She’s – she’s Ariel Sinclair, right? The Princess?” he turns to Rafe now, who still has his teeth bared. “Your sister, not your cousin?” 
Jesse groans, covering his face with his hands and falling back in his chair, but Rafe just leans forward, his tone still dangerous even if Jesse and I have given it up. 
“Who the f**k have you told, Ben?” 
Ben is silent for a second, the picture of shock. But then he leans forward, staring little angrily. “No one, Rafe! Obviously, I haven’t told anyone, or 
into Rafe’s face, $ 
else she wouldn’t be here!” 
“I think he’s telling the truth, Rafe,” I say, turning to my brother with a grimace. “They wouldn’t have let me in if they knew who I am.” 
Rafe glares at me for a second before turning his eyes back to Ben. “That doesn’t. mean he didn’t tell any of the other cadets.” 
“Who the hell else would I have told,” Ben says, leaning forward with his open palms out, “I only hang out with you guys 
Rafe sneers. “You could have told anyone for the leverage.”
“Oh my god,” Ben says, exhaling and shocking me because he actually has the nerve to roll his eyes. “Whatever, Rafe – I mean, I get that you’re protective, but honestly if you trust me this little after everything then maybe I should just go- 
Ben starts to push himself to his knees. 
“You’re not going anywhere!” Rafe shouts, leaping to his feet. 
“Well, what the f**k am I supposed to do!” Ben shouts back at Rafe, genuinely pissed. “Do you want me to just sit here all day so you can glare at me and accuse me of selling your sister’s secrets for leverage? Honestly, like that’s something I’d even do.” 
“He has a point, Rafe,” Jesse says, his voice tentative. I shift my eyes to him now. “If Ben was going to tell…he’d probably have done it by now. And he’s met you, he knows that any leverage he got from spilling the secret is probably not going to outweigh the risk of you ripping out his throat.” 
“Or,” Ben says, turning his anger on Jesse now, “one of you could just consider that maybe I’m not holding Ariel’s secret because I’m scared, but because I like you guys and we’re friends.” 
“Aw, Ben.” I say, genuinely touched now. “That’s sweet! I believe you.” 
“Thank you, Ari,” he says, sighing hard and relaxing a little bit. “Can we seriously take the murderous tension in the room down a notch? I’m not going to tell anyone. Nothing has changed. You guys just… know that I know now. Okay?” 
Rafe and Jesse look at each other for a long moment, but then Rafe scowls and sits back on the couch, folding his arms over his chest, glaring at Ben even as he gives in. “You’re sworn to secrecy, Ben,” he snaps, still mad. “All right? You tell anyone, and you’ll pay for it. Big time. Like, your sons and heirs for generations will pay for it.”
“I swear,” Ben says seriously, holding Rafe’s eyes and then mine, which I appreciate. And then he turns, picking my little ribbon up off the floor and handing it over to me. “Your ribbon, Princess. It’s pretty!” 
“Thanks!” I say, taking it from him cheerfully and tracing my finger over the soft velvet. “It is, isn’t it?” 
I lean close to Ben, bumping his shoulder with mine, letting him know that as far as I’m concerned, he’s good. And I grin, because honestly – I don’t mind Ben knowing. Over the past two weeks I’ve really come to trust him without, I think, even realizing it. He gets my experience here more than the others, after all they didn’t have to worry about being cut like the two of us did. 
“All right.” Rafe says, cutting through our buddy–buddy atmosphere. “Tell us how you knew, Ben, so that we can prevent others from figuring it out.” 
“And also.” Jesse adds, getting in on the interrogation now, “do you think anyone else has guessed as well?” 
“I really don’t.” Ben says, smiling now, I think glad to have his knowledge of our secret out in the open. “You guys do a really good job of sticking together as a trio, not really letting anyone else in. Though I can’t believe Luca hasn’t figured it out yet.” 
“Yeah, me neither.” Jesse says, shooting his eyes to me with a clever little smirk that makes me want to punch him. God, he’s being so obvious – Rafe’s going to figure it out if he keeps smirking at me like that.
###Chapter 39
Chapter 39 
I continue glaring at Jesse, but Rafe moves on with his interrogation of Ben. 
“What makes you think Luca hasn’t figured out that Ariel’s a girl?” Rafe says as he leans forward, eager for Ben’s answer and apparently deciding to trust him. 
“I don’t think Luca knows because he hasn’t tried to hit on her yet,” Ben replies, laughing. “Didn’t you see him this afternoon with the seamstress? Luca loves women – he’s dying for some female attention. If he knew Ari is a girl, he’d be all over her.” 
“True,” Rafe murmurs, leaning back against the couch cushion and staring into space a bit as he thinks it through. 
Jesse’s eyes sparkle as he again catches my eye. My mouth draws to a thin line as I stare at him, shaking my head at him because he is loving this just a little too 
much. 
God, I want to smack him right now. 
But that would give way too much away. 
“Well, how did you know?” Rafe asks, blinking back to reality and turning his attention back to Ben. 
“Because,” Ben says, turning to smile at me. “I have four younger sisters. You guys – you protect her the same way I’d protect my sisters if they were sleeping in a communal room with a bunch of guys for two weeks. Plus,” his smile widens now as he settles onto the carpet and leans back on his hands, clearly feeling more relaxed. “You laugh like a girl, Ari.”
“What!?” I shriek. 
And Ben bursts into laughter at my reaction, and then Rafe and Jesse do too, and I blush, because I hear it now – it was a very girly shriek. 
And so I start to laugh too, and we all laugh harder as we hear it, because my laugh – it really does hit higher notes than theirs, lilting above over their low, resonant 
tones. 
My face reddens even further, and I press my hands to my cheeks. And then, experimentally, I try a lower laugh, seeing if I can make it more boyish 
Chapter 39 
But the result is just ridiculous, obviously fake as I try to mimic Rafe, which sets us all off again. I can’t help it then, the peels of laughter that come from me as I grab a pillow off the couch and hurl it at Rafe’s face, because he’s laughing the hardest. But he just catches it out of the air and tucks it behind his head, sighing as he leans back. 
“Well, you’re part of the family now, Ben,” Rafe sighs when his laughter fades, shrugging and giving in to it. “Thanks for keeping our secret.” 
“I think it’s cool.” Ben says with a shrug, reaching for my packet of peach rings on the table and grabbing one from the edge. “Plus, I like girls. It’s nice to have one around.” He sends me a little wink as he pops the candy into his mouth. 
“Don’t go thinking that it’s too nice,” Rafe says, his voice a low growl again. “I said you’re family now, which means hands off the little sister.” 
“Oh, don’t worry,” Ben says, continuing to grin at me. “I don’t think I’m Princess Ari’s taste anyway.”
My mouth falls open in a little appalled sputter, but before I can protest further a knock comes at the door. 
“It’s open!” Jesse calls, and we all turn in time to see the door swing open, revealing Luca looking… devastatingly good in his black uniform. 
“Finally found you,” he says, leaning against the doorframe with a smirk, a little pasty box balanced in his hands. “Can I come in? I brought coffee cake. My nan made it.” 
“Sure!” Jesse calls, grinning at my mate. As Luca walks in I take the opportunity to slip the velvet hair ribbon into my pocket. 
Rafe and Ben greet Luca but I don’t say anything, because…honestly, I’m still trying to catch my breath. God damn it, Luca in that high–collared black uniform, with the dark grey belt around his trim waist… 
My wolf howls inside me, rolling onto her back like she’s been knocked out cold. We’re never going to make it here, I whisper to her, laughing inwardly, but she doesn’t even bother to respond. This secret… might as well just spit it out now. 
“Nope,” Ben whispers, pitching his voice low enough that only I can hear the words as well as the humor lacing them, “I don’t think I’m the Princess’s taste at all.” 
Sun, Tu Mar 
Chapter 39 
I screw up my face and lean over, smacking Ben hard on the arm. 
But we both laugh, because we know he’s dead right.
Luca comes in then, tossing the pastry box onto the coffee table just as the bell to the dumbwaiter rings again. I perk up, completely fascinated by this crazy aspect of on new life, and dash over to it. Even though Rafe beats me there. I’m in time to see him open the door to a covered silver tray. 
I cock my head to the side, wondering what it could be, but then the smell hits my nostrils and I groan, reaching immediately for the covered tray which I now realize holds some delicious dinner, but Rafe just laughs and swats my hand away. “That’s too heavy for you,” he says, smiling at me cheerfully and lifting the whole silver tray out with his big hands, balancing it carefully as he maneuvers around me. “You get the drinks.” 
I scowl a little as the food moves away and my stomach growls – I didn’t realize that I was starving. But I cheerfully grab the pewter pitcher and the little metal cups that come along with it, surprised to see that there are five, not three, as I’d have expected. 
Still considering the strange number, I wander over to the couch area in time to see Rafe lift the cover from the tray. “Five!” I say, slipping over the back of the couch so that I’m sitting next to Luca, leaning forward with interest. “How did they know I mean, Luca just got here –” 
– 
“I left a note,” Ben says, looking up at me and shrugging. “Asked them to please send mine here. I didn’t think you’d mind. I guess Luca did the same – 
“Who cares,” Jesse murmurs, reaching eagerly for a plate and a set of silverware rolled in a white napkin. “Seriously, why are we still talking? Everyone shut up and 
eat.” 
I just grin and start to pour the glasses of water and hand them around.
“Wish it was something a little better than water,” Luca murmurs when I hand him his cup. “We’re celebrating, after all.” 
I grin a little, sitting next to Luca on the couch and considering that though he might be right, I’m a little glad that we’re obliged to keep sober tonight. With a few drinks in me and him looking like that? I’d probably have to sit on my hands to keep myself from reaching out and stroking his face. 
“What are those?” I ask noticing some folded up pieces of paper in the corner of the tray as Rafe hands me my plate. I balance the dish on my knees as I dig in to my meal steak, roasted potatoes, green beans lathered with butter, fresh brown rolls. A shiver goes through me when I realize how amazing everything tastes. 
God, food really is better up here than it is in the barracks. I had no idea we’d be living in relative luxury candidacy really lowered my expectations. 
But after the bath I took this afternoon and the evening meal tonight? I think I’m going to like life in the Academy. 
“I don’t know,” Ben murmurs, and he leans forward to grab them off the tray, as he’s closest. He takes a bite of his meat as he sorts through them, unfolding the one with his name on it. “Oh, schedules!” he says. “Class schedules, for tomorrow and the rest of term!” 
There’s a great clattering of forks, plates, and words as we all eagerly reach forward, desperate to find out because beyond our class schedule, this also going to include information on our educational track. 
– 
And this I am particularly dying to know. 
paper is
I put my unfinished plate on the floor, still chewing a crispy piece of roll as I snatch my schedule from Ben and eagerly unfold it. My eyes flick over my false name at the top, take in the spreadsheet of class information at the bottom, and… 
There. 
Right at the top of the sheet, in small letters below my name: 
Espionage Track. 
I let out a little squeal of delight, falling back into the couch cushions and kicking my feet in excitement. Luca laughs, looking over me, pleased to see me pleased – 
And I go a little still, sitting up straight, trying to be just a little less girly. But still, I can’t wipe the smile from my face. 
“Get what you wanted, Shrimp?” Luca asks, leaning sideways to bump me with his shoulder as, beyond him, Rafe and Jesse shout with joy, snatching their schedules from each other and comparing their schedules. 
“Yup,” I say, my smile growing. “Did you?” 
“Sure did,” he says, holding out the schedule so that I can see it. “Warrior Track.” 
I grin at him, taking the schedule and looking it over. “Ohhh,” I say, noting that he’s got a 7 am workout scheduled tomorrow and every other day this week, “you have to get up early.” 
“What, you don’t?” he asks, reaching for my paper. 
I squeak a little, appalled, and hold it to my chest. “You don’t get my secrets that easily. Luca Grant.” 
“Oh, don’t I?” he asks grinning and raising one eyebrow.
###Chapter 40
Chapter 40 
“What, you’re not going to show me!?” Luca presses, laughing and reaching again for my schedule. 
my 
“No way!” I shout, turning so that my back is to the arm of the couchand I’ve got feet between us, ready to kick him away if I need to. I grew up with brothers and cousins, after all I know how to do a couch war. “I didn’t even get a look at it yet!” 
“Well, then just tell me what your track is –” 
“I cannot,” I say, holding my paper close so that it mysteriously covers half my face. “It is…a state secret.” 
Luca laughs again, leaning forward. “You spy,” he hisses, and then quick as a snake he snatches the paper from my face, immediately leaning away and holding the paper far out of my reach. 
“Give it back!” I demand, laughing, and throw myself after him, landing half in his lap as I reach for it. Luca laughs hard, but holds his long arm even across Rafe’s body. Rafe, grinning and obliging, snatches the paper out of Luca’s hand and gives it to Jesse. 
“Not fair!” I shout, glaring at my brother and my cousin, even though I’m still laughing. “I didn’t even get to look at it yet –” 
“Well you’re a shit spy, Ari,” Jesse says, grinning at me and lining my schedule up with his and Rafe’s on his lap, “if you don’t get the information and keep it to yourself for more than ten seconds.” 
“Well, I haven’t learned anything about being a spy yet, Jesse,” I say, rolling my eyes at him even as I grin. “That’s why I’m here.”
“Congrats, Ari,” Rafe says, grinning at me. “I know you wanted Espionage Track.” 
“Seriously, Shrimp, congratulations,” Luca says, smiling down at me, and as I turn my face to him I realize that I’m…well, I’m kind of still sprawled over his lap, aren’t 
I? 
I blush beet red, mumbling something about how I’m happy too, and do my best to gracefully crawl off of my mate and back to the corner of the couch. 
Chapter 40 
68% 
Luca grins at me, his smile widening as he notices my awkwardness and my blush. “You’ll be great at it at least you’ll definitely be able to squeeze into all sorts of 
tiny spaces.” 
I prove him right by pressing myself deep into the corner of the couch, and when I glance to my side to I see Ben grinning at me in absolute wicked delight. I give him a dirty scowl, which just makes him laugh harder. 
“Looks like we’re all teamed up tomorrow afternoon,” Jesse says, looking up at me and Rafe with raised eyebrows, leaning over to pass our schedules back. 
“What, all of us?” I ask, taking my paper from Luca when he passes it to me, glad to have a minute to look at it. “Are you guys Espionage too?” 
“No, we’re both Warrior,” Jesse says, leaning back in his chair and studying his schedule. “Ben, do you have a weird unnamed class in the afternoon with the three of us? What track are you, anyway?”
“I’m Ambassador,” Ben says, studying his schedule, “and no, I’ve got diplomacy every afternoon this week. Weird, though, that you guys have a cross–track class. I didn’t think those existed.” 
I study my schedule, surprised and interested to see that Jesse is right. Almost every morning this week I’ve got Chemistry and Marksmanship, but twice this week – tomorrow included – I’ve got an unnamed seminar in Room 1260. 
“You’re not in it either, Luca?” I ask, lifting my chin to peer over at his sheet. Seeing my interest, he hands his schedule to me and scooches closer so that we can study the papers together. He presses his shoulder to mine to do so, and I pretend not to notice the tingles that immediately flood my left side. I guess he does too. 
“Nope,” Luca says quietly, his eyes moving back and forth between our schedules. “Looks like we don’t have a single thing together, Shrimp.” He sighs and sits back, studying me with a sad twist to his mouth. “Well, it was nice knowing you.” 
“I’ll remember you fondly,” I reply with mock seriousness, making him burst into a grin. 
“Nah, you guys will see me all the time. With a sweet place like this?” Luca leans forward, grabbing his unfinished dinner off the coffee table and starting to dig in again. “I’ll be here all the time.” 
12:48 Sun, 10 ar 
Chapter 10 
I smile a little bit at the prospect, leaning down to pick up my own unfinished plate. 
“Someone light a fire.” Jesse says, leaning back in his chair and still studying his schedule with interest. “Let’s get cozy. After all, I heard someone say there was coffee cake.” 
68%
“Best coffee cake in the world,” Luca says, nodding towards the pastry box as I take my last bite and move eagerly to the fire, starting to re–stack the logs so that they suit my liking a bit more. “You’ve all got to try some. Nan would die, if she knew a Prince and a Duke were eating something she baked…” 
And a Princess, I think to myself, opening the flue to the chimney with a little smirk on my mouth. But, at least some secrets have to be kept tonight, right? 
Ben and Luca stay late, but not too late – walking a fine line between knowing that they’re not going to be able to sleep tonight for the sake of excitement, and wanting very much to get a lot of sleep tonight so that they’re fresh for tomorrow. 
Plus, our little room is very cozy at night, it turns out. We spend a couple of hours laughing and chatting around the fire, the oil lamps that Rafe lights around the room giving everything a particularly comfortable glowing ambiance. The coffee cake really is very good, and I think we all over–do it a little bit on the sugar and snacks after two weeks of eating the bland suppers that the barrack cafeteria provided. 
As the hours pass I relax, wrapped up in the fuzzy green blanket Rafe gave me, warm and calm, a little unable to keep my eyes from drifting back to Luca’s laughing face. I let myself fall quiet, allowing the boys take over the conversation, and instead I just…listen. As their words fade to a steady hum I drift away into my own thoughts, thinking about how much I like my life right now, how lucky I am to be here. 
How much I want to tell my mom everything, all about it. 
My hand drifts to the hair ribbon in my pocket, and I doze off a little while I stroke the soft velvet with my thumb. 
“Hey,” a soft voice says I don’t know how long later, and my eyes slowly drift open. It takes a second for me to focus on Luca, leaning towards me a little, but then I gasp with guilt as I realize that in my sleep I stretched out and my feet have drifted
12:48 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 40 
into his lap. “Oh, I’m sorry.” I gasp, starting to pull them back, “I’m hogging the 
couch –” 
68% 
“No,” he says, laughing, putting a warm hand on my calf, letting me know I don’t have to jump away. Slowly, liking the feel of his hand on my leg a little too much, I relax. “I’m just leaving now.” He murmurs. “But I wanted to say goodnight.” Slowly – almost like he doesn’t realize it, Luca’s thumb drifts across my calf, slowly pressing the soft muscle there. 
It’s almost the sort of thing he wouldn’t notice that he was doing. But when I move my eyes back up to his, and find his intense stare already on me? 
Yeah. He knows what he’s doing. 
“Oh…” I say. kind of at a loss for words, but when I glance up at the clock I startle. “Luca!” I gasp, leaning forward to smack him on the shoulder, “You have to get up in seven hours!” 
“Eh, I’ll be all right,” he says, shrugging and ignoring my weak blow. “Besides, it was 
almost meditative –” very relaxing listening to you snore just now 
I gasp, sitting up straight. “I did not –” 
–
“You did,” Jesse calls over his shoulder, heading to the bathroom. 
I look around, seeing that Ben is already gone, and Rafe is carrying the tray full of empty plates over to the dumbwaiter. 
“Good night, Shrimp,” Luca says, laughing softly feet from his lap 
at as I move my and let him stand up. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
“Okay,” I say, yawning and watching him pull his boots back on. “Sleep well.” “Oh, I will,” he says, glancing over at me. “I just hope I have some…good dreams.” 
I go still, pink creeping over my cheeks as I look sharply up at him, trying to figure 
out… 
But he just smirks at me, shaking his head a little as if I just confirmed something. He stands up straight, putting his hands on his waist, studying me. 
“Oh, go away,” I sigh, standing up too, “I’m too tired for this.” I wave a dismissive hand at him, tossing my pretty throw blanket on the couch. 
48 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 40 
Luca laughs, but I just give him a shove towards the door and head for my little nook. 
my 
My mate calls his goodbyes to us and closes the door behind him as I jump into.
little fluffy bed, snuggling down into the pillows and pulling the warm blankets over me. I’m very pleased to find that the bed is already toasty warm- probably due to the way the nook is nestled in next to the fire place. 
“Night, little sister!” Rafe calls to me from across the room. 
“Night, Rafe!” I mumble back. “Jesse!” 
But honestly? I’m basically already asleep again as soon as my head hits the pillow. 
Because tomorrow is a big – big day, and I can hardly wait for it to get here. 
Presuming, of course, there are no nighttime interruptions that get in the way…
###Chapter 41
Chapter 41 
When I next open my eyes, I’m half unsurprised to see that it’s the golden–leafed birch forest. 
I groan a little, covering my face with my hands even as excitement runs through me. Because – I mean – I’m only here because I want to be, right? The dream state only appears if you call for it, call for your mate to meet you here. 
Right! My wolf shouts. He’s coming too! 
“Oh no oh no,” I murmur, dragging my hands down my face and looking around for him. I mean, it’s all getting very real now- 
Luca is clearly figuring out that something is up with these dreams 
And the way he put his hand on my calf tonight? And subtly mentioned dreams, watching me as he did? 
God damn it, but we are getting into some tricky territory. 
“Hello?” his voice rings through the forest. “Shrimp, are you here?” 
My wolf gives several happy yips of excitement as I put my hands on my hips, looking down at my nightgown, my hair falling over my shoulders. 
You can end it if you want toooo, my wolf says, her voice sing–song. But you don’t 
want too00. 
“God damn it,” I growl to myself, but when I lift my head I’m laughing a little too.
Because I really, really do not want to end this dream. 
And so instead I will my clothes to change, my nightgown shifting into the black pants and top of an Academy cadet, my hair tucking itself away under the standard black cap – which is optional for cadets, but which I will never be without. 
And then I step out from behind my tree and into the clearing. “Over here, Grant,” I shout, my voice a little tired. 
I see him immediately as he spins around, his eyes catching on me at once in the clearing. He smirks as he starts to walk over to me. “What is this place,” he says, and I can tell he’s a little bit thrilled to be here too, which makes me smile. My 
I mean, at least he’s happy to see me. “I never, ever have a dream about the same person in the same location.” 
“Really?” I ask, crossing my arms and cocking my head to the side, watching him look all around at the beautiful trees, the strange ambient lighting that seems to have no source, the fog that floats around at the edges and by our feet. “Where do you usually dream about me?” 
“Usually like, on Mars or in the Roman Empire –” he stops suddenly and turns his face back to mine. “Nicely done, Shrimp. Maybe you’ll make a good little spy after all.” 
I laugh and wrinkle my nose at him, unable to help it. 
“So,” he murmurs, taking a step closer to me. “Is there anything to do here? Or do we just…hang out?” 
“There is no here,” I say with a sigh, looking up into his gorgeous face, “so, we can’t 
brown really expect there to be anything to do.” I letting myself stare into his warm eyes, tightening my arms around each other so that I resist each and every urge to touch him.
“Well, I can think of something,” Luca murmurs, taking another step closer and reaching out a hand towards my arm – 
“Luca!” I gasp, flinching away. 
“What!?” he says, laughing and closing the distance. “Seriously, Shrimp – you’re a figment of my imagination – why on earth are you playing hard to get!?” 
I grit my teeth at him, glaring a little. “I’m not playing, Luca – I just genuinely think it’s a bad idea!” 
“How could it be a bad idea!?” he laughs at me again and reaches out both hands. this time, placing them on my upper arms, his fingers wrapping around the back and slowly sliding down towards my elbows. “Honestly, it’s just an experiment – I have got to figure out what this bizarre attraction to you is 
– 
“Well,” I say quietly, my stomach filled suddenly with butterflies as those sparkles suddenly appear in the air – the embodiment of the…whatever it is between us that happens when we touch. “What if it’s not an experiment?” 
“How could it not be?” he murmurs, pulling me a little closer – and, damn it, but I 
68 
Chapter 41 
let him. I can’t not – god, it’s just too hard to resist. I can smell him, and the closeness of him, the warmth of him 
It’s just too damn much, and I’m weak with wanting him, being the only one putting up any barriers here.
“Luca,” I sigh, letting myself lean into him just a little bit, looking up at him with wide eyes as one of his arms slips around my back. “What if it’s not a dream? What if it’s real?” 
“You know I kept thinking all night?” he murmurs, ignoring my words and tightening his arms around me until I’m pressed warmly to his chest, my head. bending back on my neck so that I can look up at him. 
Despite myself, my hands unclench, one pressing flat against the soft cotton of his hoodie, the other finding its way to a spot on his waist, my fingers curling into the fabric there. And I can’t help it, I give in. “What were you thinking about all night, Luca?” I breathe, my voice lower than it usually is. 
“About how to get you away from your god damn cousins,” he murmurs, smirking down at me, his hand brushing again over my cap like it did this afternoon after I’d entered the doors to the academy, though this time his palm drifts down the back of my neck, making me shiver. “How to like, get you to come see my room you alone for ten fucking seconds 
“Luca,” I say, laughing a little and shaking my head, “and what the hell were going to do if you did?” 
get 
you 
“I don’t know,” he says, grinning and laughing at the ridiculousness of it himself. “I have no idea, Ari – I just can’t stop thinking about you – wanting to touch you, it’s absolutely insane –” 
I exhale, guilt roiling through me 
Because, I mean, I’m tortured by the impossibility of our connection too least I know what’s going on. 
but at 
“Luca,” I murmur, shaking my head and dropping my eyes, pulling away a little. “This is –”
“No!” he protests, his hands tightening, pulling me back. “God, Ari, if I only get you in this weird dream, at least let me try to figure this out —“ 
68% 
Chapter 41 
And then he dips his head, bringing his face so close to mine I can feel his breath against my skin clearly intent on – 
“No!” I shriek, shoving him hard and ducking out of his arms, stumbling away. 
“Ari!” he shouts, frustrated and stepping towards me. “What the hell is going on!?” 
“You stay right there!” I shout back, pointing a finger at him and continuing to step backwards as he advances. 
“No!” 
“Do it!” I snap, but then I bang into a tree and curse, lifting a hand to the back of my head where it smacked into the trunk. “God damn it, that hurt –” 
“See!?” Luca protests, closing the distance and coming close enough that there’s barely any space between us again, pressing a hand against the tree and leaning over me. “This place – it’s weird. Like, why can I feel this tree – why did it hurt you!? And if you really are a figment of my subconscious, why the hell won’t you do what I want you to do!?” 
“Because I’m real, Luca!” I shout, my head aching a little bit adding to my 
frustration and making me blurt out the truth. “This is all real! This is actually me – Ari! I’m not part of your subconscious – I’m in this dream too!”
Luca freezes for a second and then he laughs at me, taking a step back and crossing his arms. “Yeah, right.” 
“I’m serious,” I growl, still rubbing at my head and glaring back at the tree, which I’d swear wasn’t there earlier. “It’s a subconscious state for both of us. So, I don’t think you should…do what you were going to do…” 
I blush furiously, unable to even say the word kiss. 
He smirks at me, shaking his head. 
“Because!” I continue, glaring up at him. “It would be exactly the same as if you did 
it in real life!” 
“All shit my subconscious would say,” Luca says with a smug shrug, “if it was trying to convince me not to kiss a boy because I’m straight.” 
And then he leans in, and I press myself back against the tree with a deep inhale of .
###Chapter 42
Chapter 42 
“What, is your subconscious homophobic?” I ask, continuing to be frustrated and a little annoyed at him for not believing me even though I’m telling him the truth and spilling a serious secret for his own good. 
Because honestly! I could make out with him here! And I would be the only one who knew that it was real! 
I’m doing this for him, to be fair, and yet he persists in not believing me! It’s very rude. 
“It might be,” Luca says with a shrug, still looking down at me. “I wouldn’t think that it was, but here you are, still not kissing me, even though I keep trying. Honestly, Ari, being shut down by the figment of my own imagination is very annoying –” 
“I’m real!” I insist again, this time through my teeth. 
“Prove it,” he says, shrugging. 
“Ask me anything!” 
“That won’t work,” he says, turning his head to the side. “Anything you say is something I already know or think I know. No way to verify that it’s true. 
“Fine,” I say, crossing my arms and lifting my chin. “Ask me something tomorrow, in real life – something impossible, that you’d never predict. I’ll give you the same answer here as I do then.” 
Luca turns his head a little, considering. “That could work,” he murmurs, but then he turns back to me with a sly smile. “But in the meantime, you and I could, you know, fool around a little…” 
In the distance, my wolf howls with delight.
“Whoa,” Luca says, turning to look for her. “What was that?” 
“It was my wolf,” I sigh. 
“Really?” he asks, and then the turns back to me, smirking. “Your wolf does…not sound adverse to the idea.” He leans more fully against the tree now, bringing his body closer to mine and kind of pinning me back against the trunk in a way that… 
12:49 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 42 
That I do not mind at all. 
“Luca,” I sigh, and honestly I have to close my eyes as I turn my face away from him, because if I spend even a moment longer looking up at the shadows his long lashes cast against his cheeks…I am definitely going to do something I regret. 
“What?” he asks softly, cupping my cheek in his palm and turning my face back to his, his hand and his voice both impossibly gentle. “What do you want, Ari?” 
And his question…I know instinctually that there are layers to it. That he’s asking me what I want, but also what I like – 
How I want to be kissed. 
Where, precisely I want him to put his hands. 
Whether or not I want him to pull me tight against him as he presses his mouth hard to mine – which I decidedly do –
“Luca,” I sigh, as he rests his weight deliciously against me, pinning me back against the tree in a way that feels….god, it feels fucking amazing, his body pressed flush against mine. “I want you to ask me a question.” 
He laughs darkly and my eyes fly open, already glaring. “Not that kind of question,” I growl, and he laughs again. 
“Fine,” he whispers, playing my game even as he strokes his thumb along the skin of my cheek. “Real– Ari had my nan’s coffee cake tonight, which is my favorite desert. What’s yours?” 
“Strawberry ice cream,” I answer immediately, “with whipped cream.” 
Relief running through me – because I stand by what I decided last time. It is not fair to be in this dream state with him and be the only one knowing what’s going on. If we’re going to do this? 
As we both very clearly want to? 
Then we’re both going to know that it’s real. 
“No sprinkles on top?” Luca asks, teasing – because, I mean, it is a very girly desert. “Of course sprinkles,” I murmur, sighing as I take one last look of him, “too many. 
Like, way more than seems practical.” I take a deep breath, savoring his scent and the press of his muscled torso against me for one last second. I hesitate, but then I lift my hands, and let my palms press against his sides, feeling the lines of his obliques as I slowly slide my hands down towards his hips. 
And as I do, just for a moment, I let myself imagine what his bare skin would feel like under my fingertips. 
A hard shudder passes through Luca’s body.
“God damn it, Ari,” he growls, leaning in 
But I turn my head, and press my eyes shut, and will the dream to end. 
My eyes fly open in my bed and I clench my teeth with a groan, turning and burying my face into a pillow to stifle the sound of it. 
I spend too long with my face buried in my pillow, feeling sorry for myself, cursing myself vehemently for having a sense of ethics and the willpower to stop Luca from doing something he’d probably regret. 
Because god damn it, god damn it I wanted to kiss him. 
And now, who the hell knows when I’ll have the chance – because Luca, he just wanted to kiss the figment of his imagination that looks like me so he can figure out how he’s feeling. As soon as he realizes that that figment is the real Ari Clark? 
He’s going to run screaming from the room. 
I mean, at least I think he will. I sigh, curling up in my pillows and wrapping myself up in my soft white duvet, considering it. Because Luca – he still thinks I’m a boy, and as much as he’s willing to subconsciously consider experimenting with kissing a guy… 
I think that he is straight, and that I’m just unfairly confusing him because I’m his mate underneath this boy fa?ade. 
I sigh, worrying about all of the complications of this, because Ben revealed today how tenuous my secret already is. And as much as I’m fine with Ben knowing… Luca? My mate? It’s a different story – an unpredictable level of exposure that I’m just not ready for yet. 
I’m still hiding my gender at this school, because failing to do so means getting
Chapter 12 
kicked out. And I’ve just, just gotten hold of the thing I never knew I always wanted: a chance at the Espionage Track at Alpha Academy. 
And I am not at all ready to give that up with Luca Grant. 
not even for the chance to make out 
So I sigh, turning over again in my blankets, and I close my eyes and force myself to try and go back to sleep – a state which feels very, very far away right now. 
Jesse and Rafe wake up early, some kind of Alpha alarm clock that I was not born with making them rise before sun. 
“Up and at ‘em, little cousin!” Jesse shouts, throwing a pillow into the open curtain of my nook. I jump and shrick when it hits me right in the head. 
“We spies get an extra hour of sleep,” I growl, pulling the blankets over myself and nestling back down. 
“Not if they want breakfast, they don’t,” Rafe says, laughing and yanking my away, making me shriek again. 
duvet 
“Doesn’t it just come up in the dumbwaiter?” I ask, sitting up finally when I realize they’re not going to leave me in any peace. 
“Nope,” Jesse says around his toothbrush as he walks out of the bathroom, brushing as he strides around the room in his underwear, getting ready for the day. “Breakfast all together with cadets.”
“Oh,” I say, yawning and looking around for my boots. Rafe tosses one in my direction as he takes Jesse’s place in the bathroom. I sigh and grab it, yawning so wide my jaw cracks. As I pull my boot on I hope that there’s coffee with breakfast – because while dream states do happen while you’re dreaming, I’m not sure that I’d say they let you wake up relaxed and rested. 
At least, not the way I’m doing them. 
Awe hits me again as we walk into the dining hall. My head swivels around, taking in the gorgeous sight of round tables set up in what looks like a damn cathedral. The four–story ceilings arch high above us, shadows hiding the light from the chandeliers and three–story windows that line the western wall can’t reach the 
corners. 
Chapter 42 
“Wow, this is the breakfast room?” I murmur, kind of shocked as Rafe walks us to an empty table with eight seats and sits us down. I smile when I see dozens and dozens of young men dressed in cadet black at their own tables, chatting with friends or reading through books. These are more advanced students apparently we all have breakfast together. 
“This used to be the castle’s great hall, like the one at home,” Rafe says, sitting down before an empty place setting and gesturing for me and Jesse to do the same. 
I hesitate, looking around for the line. “Where….do we get the food…” 
But my eyes go wide when a man dressed in stark white comes to the table and gives us a sharp bow. “Coffee or tea?”
Rafe calmly orders coffee for all of us as I gape at the man, who smiles around at us before walking away. “Do we have…waiters? At breakfast?” 
“Why is this so weird for you, Ari?” Jesse asks, already seated on Rafe’s right. “All of this is available at your house – it’s why I like to sleep over so much. Your personal chefs are way better cooks than both of my parents.” 
“Yeah, but it’s school,” I say, taking my seat and watching in awe as another group of people bring us a selection of toasted bread, butter, and jam alongside our pot of coffee. One leans forward and asks softly what hot food we’d like and I blink at her, shocked that there’s more – 
Rafe orders bacon and eggs, telling her that we’re expecting two more, and starts to pour from the coffee pot, laughing at me. “Seriously, Ari, why is this such a surprise?” 
“It’s just so fancy,” I breathe, blinking. “I don’t know, I guess I just got…used to the barracks.” 
“Well, dad and Uncle Roger like cadets to understand themselves as deserving of the best,” Rafe says with a shrug, and I tilt my head, considering that that’s not a terrible way to think of it. 
“The Academy asks a lot of its cadets, as does the life after school,” Jesse says, smiling at me, clearly repeating words his dad said to him verbatim. “It likes to return the favor while it can.” 
“Fine by me,” I say, reaching for a blueberry muffin – still warm, my god – while 
12:50 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 19 
Rafe fills my cup with hot brown liquid. I smile when he pushes the sugar and creamer my way – he and Jesse take theirs black, but he knows what I like.
“Morning!” Ben says, sitting down next to me and giving me a warm nudge with his shoulder. “Where’s Luca?” he asks, looking around. 
“I’m right here,” Luca’s voice sounds, dry and exhausted, from right behind me. 
I spin, my muflin halfway to my mouth, to see him already glaring down at me. Ut–oh, my wolf says, skittering back inside of me. Looks like he’s mad…
###Chapter 43
Chapter 43 
“Hi!” 1 say, forcing my face into my best cheerful–Princess grin. “There’s coffee! Come sit down!” 
Luca just narrows his eyes at me a little more, suspicious, and goes to the other side of the table, sitting with Jesse. 
My stomach twists at this – Luca almost always sits by me. And while Ben took his spot today…I don’t know. Something about the way Luca keeps his eyes on me even as he rounds the table… 
God, I feel like a little rabbit being watched by a hungry wolf. 
We’re wolves too! My wolf reminds me, snapping her jaws eagerly in response to Luca’s predatory prowl. Let’s not let him see us sweat. 
I nod, inwardly, and proceed as if absolutely nothing is wrong, determined not to let Luca think that I know at all why he might be in a mood. 
Even though that I am well aware that I am very much the cause of it. 
– 
– 
I did more thinking last night, and I decided in the end that I’ve been very foolish with the dream state. Even though my wolf is disappointed in my decision, I’ve decided not to use it anymore – it’s just too risky. 
Instead, I’m going to put my feelings for my mate aside and concentrate on succeeding here at school. After all, that’s why dad didn’t let girls in in the first place – there’s enough to do here without romantic
distractions. 
I’m not going to be the first girl in, just to fail out because I couldn’t stop mooning over a boy. 
Rafe, Jesse, and Ben chat excitedly about their mornings, those on Warrior track eating faster than Ben and I because they have a workout this morning while Ben and I have an extra hour before class. 
“Why do you think that is?” he asks me frowning. 
“Who knows,” I say, giving a little shrug. “Maybe we’ll have like…extra homework to do in the mornings or something.” 
“Nerd track,” Jesse murmurs, and I shoot him a dirty little glare. 
Chapter 43 
“Don’t be jealous, dumb jock track.” I throw back at him, and he just grins. 
“All tracks are equally good,” Rafe cuts in smoothly, always diplomatic. 
Luca, to my chagrin, doesn’t say a word. I sigh a little, looking down at my plate as I push around my eggs, because I’d much rather he was his old self. This quiet, moody Luca – it makes me anxious. 
“What’s up with you today?” Jesse asks, nudging Luca with his elbow. “Didn’t sleep?” 
“Nope,” Luca says, terse, flicking his eyes up to me. “Weird dreams again.” 
Jesse’s mouth bursts into a scandalized smile as he slowly shifts his gaze to me, but I quickly dart my eyes back to my plate, inwardly stringing together a fluid and vehement line of curses. 
“Really,” Jesse says, digging in. “And what was so troubling about it?” he asks, and I can tell that he’s almost vibrating with eagerness now, just dying for more material to tease me with later.
I lift my eyes to glare at my cousin, wishing I could shoot death rays from my pupils to knock him dead in his chair. 
“What was so troubling,” Luca says, his voice low and dangerous, “was that I knew so little about my friends. For instance, I shared with you all what my favorite desert was last night –” 
I go rigid despite my earlier determination to keep cool. 
“Your nan’s coffee cake was delicious,” Jesse chimes in, turning his head to Luca, fascinated as to where this is going. 
“But,” Luca says, his eyes still trained on me, “I have no idea what any of your favorite deserts are.” 
“What?” Rafe asks, turning to Luca, confused: “Why does that bother you?” 
“Just humor me,” Luca says, his voice oddly angry for someone who is pretending to so casually talk about desert. “Let’s just…all go around. Say our favorite deserts. Ben?” he says, and I jump a little when he snaps his gaze to Ben next to me. 
Ben glances at me, picking up on the weird vibe. “Um, I like…chocolate cake?” 
“Amazing,” Luca says, dry. And then he turns to Jesse, clearly keeping me for last. 
As Jesse reports that his favorite is bread pudding, and Rafe that he just likes chocolate chip cookies, I renew my determination to stick to the plan I made last night. When Luca gets to me? I have to lie. 
Let him think that the dream state was a figment of his imagination – I’m never going to meet him there again. The plan I came up with last night to convince him that it was real? That was foolish – it is so, so much simpler to just…..never go there again.
“And you, Ari?” Luca asks, and Jesse turns to him a bit with a frown, because in public Luca never calls me by what he thinks is my name – he always calls me Shrimp. 
“What is going on here?” Rafe asks, quietly looking between us. 
I sigh. “I like chocolate cake too, Luca,” I say casually, taking Ben’s desert when I can’t think of my own. 
I watch him carefully and, after a long moment, see his shoulders slump. Though the expression on his face is it relief? Or disappointment? Or…. 
— 
I peer at him, trying to figure it out, but suddenly 
– 
“Don’t lie, Ari,” Jesse says, laughing and shaking his head and reaching for another piece of toast from the bread basket. “Everyone knows that you don’t actually like chocolate cake.” 
Luca’s head whips to Jesse, his eyes going wide. 
“Jes-” I start to stay, but he’s still going. 
“No, your favorite,” he says, taking a bite of his toast and talking with his mouth full, “is strawberry ice cream, with whipped cream, and so many sprinkles on top that it’s kind of disgusting.” 
He laughs, shaking his head at the memory of twenty–some birthdays when I wouldn’t even touch the cake – only wanting scoop after scoop of strawberry ice 
cream 
My faces goes pale as I turn my eyes back to Luca.
Who is staring at me in complete shock, his jaw hanging almost to the floor. 
The table is silent for a long moment. 
Jesse figures it out first, his head swiveling between us, delight on his face as he realizes that he just caused some kind of drama that he’s going to get to hear all about later. 
Rafe is next. 
“Seriously,” he says, leaning forward with his coffee cup halfway to his mouth, “what the hell is going on here?” 
“Nothing!” Ben says next, realizing that the tension is between me and Luca, and proving himself an absolute gem by leaping to my aid. “Come on, Ari! Let’s go check out the library before class!” 
Immediately I accept his offer, jumping to my own feet and almost up–ending my chair, which makes Jesse cackle with laughter. 
“Wait,” Rafe says, frowning at Ben and me, “it isn’t safe 
“You have to go to your class an hour early anyway,” Ben says, rolling his eyes a little at Rafe as he slings an arm around my shoulders. “I’ll walk Ari to Chemistry – it will be fine -” 
Rafe hesitates but I quickly shout my goodbyes, glancing at Luca who I see is just… 
Still absolutely frozen, staring after me, probably processing the shock of his life as he realizes that I actually was in the dream state with him the night before – 
And that I just tried to lie to him about it – 
And that he’s confessed to this little Shrimpy boy that he’s attracted to him –
That he tried to kiss that same little Shrimp boy that he insisted was a figment of his subconscious – but that it was real 
And that I know all about it 
The hysterical urge to laugh wells up in me, but luckily Ben sweeps me out of the room, speaking loudly about the history of the castle and the location of the library, covering my complete panic. 
As soon as we get out the door I can’t help myself, covering my face with my hands and letting out a horrible little embarrassed shriek as I press my back against the 
wall. 
“What the hell is going on!?” Ben laughs, glancing back towards the Hall, “what did you do to Grant!?” 
I slip my hands down a little bit so that I peer over my fingers, shaking my head at him. “Ben,” I whisper, “you wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” 
He bursts into a grin. “After everything I’ve witnessed with you this week, Ari Clark?” He puts a particular emphasis on my fake name and raises an eyebrow at me. “There’s not much I wouldn’t believe.” He glances back towards the Hall. “But come on – we should go. They’re getting up.” 
“You mean Luca has regained his power of speech?” I ask dryly, ducking back against Ben’s side and letting him lead me away. 
“Yup,” Ben says, still looking backwards. “And he looks mad.”
###Chapter 44
Chapter 44 
Ben sweeps me up a few staircases, away from the rest of the boys, and he really does take a minute to show me the incredible library that takes up a large portion of the top floor – presumably on the other side of our rooms. I gape around at it in complete awe. 
I mean – we have a pretty impressive library in the palace – but this? The arching ceilings are almost entirely made of glass, like the entire space was once one giant. greenhouse or something. The stacks are all tall and white, reaching so high I can’t believe they don’t topple over, with these gorgeous brass ladders steepled all over them. 
Obviously, all I want to do for the rest of the day is wander around picking out a stack of books and sinking onto one of the plush velvet chairs with them, but Ben laughs, leading me away to my chemistry classroom with plenty of time to spare. 
As we walk, I smile at him even as he glances at his map, trying to find the right halls. Because as much as I know he’s dying to ask me what’s going on with Luca, he’s also sensing that it’s somehow private, and that I’m not ready to go there yet. 
Unlike Jesse, who I know will tease me mercilessly and press me for details the moment he gets a chance, Ben lets me have my space. 
And so as we arrive at the door to my class, I take a minute to bump my shoulder into his what I’m coming to learn is the manly version of a big hug. “Thanks, 
Ben.” 
“Anytime, Ari,” he says, grinning at me. And by the crinkle around his eyes, I can tell that he understands that I’m thanking for him for more than the escort. “Good luck in there,” he says, nodding
towards the classroom. 
I bump him again, and he grins at me before heading down the hall. 
When I step inside, I’m surprised both by the smallness of the classroom and by the fact that I’m…. 
Alone. 
I stay perfectly still for a second, the two boys who are already in the class turning to look at me. 
68% 
Chapter 44 
I mean, it’s not that I’ve never been alone before… 
But, I mean, have I? 
I have spent my entire life in the company of my family, watched and guarded. Even when I’d go to sleepovers they’d send a guard or two along to stand outside of the house. 
But now… 
“Are you staying or going,” a deep, bored voice asks, brushing past me into the 
room. 
I stumble a little – he didn’t hit me or anything. I was just…surprised. 
I watch with interest as the tall man sweeps to the front of the room, putting his book down on the black desk at the front, raising an eyebrow at me. He has dark hair, just going grey at the temples, and a long crooked nose.
I smile, liking him instantly – I don’t know why. Nothing about him screams nice, but…I don’t know. 
I like him too, my wolf says tilting her head with interest, and I stand up straight, trusting my instincts. “Staying,” I say. “Sorry,” I apologize, coming into the room more fully now and taking a seat at an empty table. 
The professor nods and looks down at his book, flipping through the pages. 
— 
I sit a little awkwardly, not knowing what to do. I mean I recognize the two other cadets already in the room, and the five more who filter in after. They were all candidates with me. But what Ben said last night holds true 
Rafe and Jesse, they 
really did do a good job of isolating me away from everyone else. 
I have no idea who any of these people are. 
“All right,” the Professor says, marching to the door and slamming it shut, twisting the lock and striding back for the front of the room, all business. “Welcome to the Espionage Track. I’m Dr. Neumann, I will be your advisor and your professor of Chemistry.” 
We all sit up a little straighter then, I think anxious and eager to impress. He smirks a little at us, not unkindly, and then launches into a speech about what we’ll be expected to do here. My eyes go wider and wider as he speaks, detailing the 
Chapter 44
incredible amount of information that we’ll be expected to learn in a very short amount of time. I jump when he takes a textbook from below the desk and drops it on the table in front of him, the text making a huge thwapping sound. 
“This is the first of your four textbooks for this course. I will expect you to be proficient in all of the information contained within this text by the time the holiday break rolls around.” 
Holiday break? We….we have those? 
“Those who do not succeed…” he says, his voice slowing now as he looks around at all of us, “will not be accepted back next term.” 
I breathe in sharply. What? 
“This is in addition to the school’s standard cuts at the end of the first semester,” Neumann says, looking around slowly at all of us, and the other students all flinch and begin to murmur. I look around, confused and a little upset – 
Further cuts – god, I’d forgotten all about those – 
Neumann’s eyes focus on me now, perceiving that I am completely lost. “In case some of you are unaware,” he says, his voice dry, “which is…frankly abundantly clear from some of your expressions, Alpha Academy cuts a further 40% of its entering Cadets at the end of the Examination.” 
I go pale. What? What? 
40%!? 
What the hell is this Examination!? Why didn’t Jesse and Rafe say anything!? “What I am attempting to explain to you,” Neumann continues, “is that Espionage cuts on top of that. If you pass the Examination but fail your Chemistry exam? You’re out. The rates for continuing in Espionage are the most
competitive in the school, which I believe is fair, considering that we do not want to produce inept agents. With an entering group of 8, as we see here, I would expect the continuing number in January to be…” 
He pauses to consider, perhaps doing the math. 
“Somewhere between two and three of you.” 
Chapter 44 
My breath freezes in my chest. What. What?! 
“Of course,” he says with a bored sigh, “there is no reason why all eight of you could not make it if you were the most spectacular incoming group of young cadets the school has ever seen. I would just…not expect it to happen.” 
He takes a moment to look each of us in the eye, and I don’t miss it when he lingers longest on me. 
67% 
“You will be trained for other affinities within Espionage with other professors, but all of you will meet here three times a week to study with me. You will be examined in your other affinities as well and will be required to pass those examinations too. You will also need to be fit enough to pass the Examination, which will be your own responsibility. I suggest you each work very hard. That being said, if any of you do not believe yourself up to the task, you may apply to switch to the…Ambassador Track.” 
But the distaste with which he says the word suggests to us that to do such a thing would be a great step down in the world. My heart twists for Ben, who is already there. All of the young men around me straighten their shoulders, and I see that each is determined to try.
Neumann takes another moment to look us all over, not inviting questions but leaving the space open in case any of us have anything burning we need to ask. And even though questions race through my mind, I press my lips together in a firm, determined line. 
I can ask Rafe and Jesse for answers to those later. Now? Now I need to listen. 
“Good,” Neumann says, nodding, and then he reaches below the desk again, pulling out a stack of notebooks and pens. “Hand these around,” he says, offering them to the young man closest to him, “lessons begin now.” 
As Neumann speaks I scribble furiously in my notebook, taking down everything he says because I don’t yet know his teaching style – is he the kind of professor whose lessons you pour over again and again in an attempt to memorize his wisdom? Or is he more of a guide through the field, supporting you as you your own pace? I’ve had both kinds of teachers – but until I know his style? I’m writing down everything. 
learn at 
The pages are soon filled with a wealth of information, and even though I’m intimidated, by the end of the class I’m also incredibly excited about what to come. 
Chapter 44 
The lesson plan that Neumann has sketched out for us by the end of the semester we’re not going to refresh our understanding of the basics of Chemistry, but we’re also going to understand the chemical compositions and the mechanics. of how to create twelve subtle poisons that he understands as the basic toolkit of any self–sufficient shadow agent. 
Those poisons, he promises, will be the basis of our examination at the end of
term. 
My hands are almost shaking with nerves and excitement when we close our notebooks at the end of the three–hour class. I slip my pen into the notebook, clutching it to my chest as I get in line with the other students picking up my textbook at the front of the room. 
When Neumann places it in my waiting hand, he smirks when I almost drop it, my eyes going wide at the surprising weight. “Going to have to work on that, Cadet,” he murmurs. “If you can’t carry the book, how can you expect to carry the 
knowledge?” 
“Well, it will weigh a lot less when it’s all in my head,” I murmur, lifting the book more firmly into my arms as I turn away. 
To my surprise, Neumann laughs, and he nods to me as I glance over my shoulder on the way to the door. When I trip over a desk because I’m not looking where I’m going, he just laughs again good– heartedly, hanging his head a little with a sigh and 
a smile. 
I dart into the hall, embarrassed but smiling. 
I probably shouldn’t be as surprised as I am when I walk immediately into my brother, basically bouncing off his chest. 
“Ari,” he says, frowning down at me. “What the hell is going on with you?”
###Chapter 45
Chapter 45 
“Oh, god, Rafe,” I sigh. shaking my head up at him and glancing down the hall. “Do we have to do this now? My schedule says we have ten minutes for lunch before. our next mystery class –” 
“Here,” Rafe says, dropping a wrapped power bar and a bottle of water on top of my books. “Academy isn’t big on hot lunch – just a snack before a big dinner. Eat while you walk, talk while you eat.” He puts a firm hand between my shoulder blades and urges me forward, making me keep pace with his quick stride. 
“How do you even know where we’re going.” I murmur, struggling with the wrapper of my lunch with one hand. Rafe sighs, taking the food back and unwrapping it for me before slipping it into my hand. 
“I looked at the map, obviously, and don’t try to change the subject,” he says. “What was going on with Luca this morning? He was staring at you, completely freaked out, and Jesse almost had a conniption he was laughing so hard.” 
“How the hell should I know!?” I ask, blatantly lying and talking with my mouth. full. 
“Ari!” Rafe sighs, glaring at me. “I know you’re lying – I’ve known you since you were born –” 
“You were just a baby,” I mutter, even though he’s right. 
“Fine!” he snaps, moving on, “pressing subject number two! Why the hell did you invite Jackson to have breakfast with us yesterday?” 
I stare up at him for a second, forgetting to chew in my surprise, even though he keeps me moving. “What?” I ask, swallowing hard. “Rafe, that was like, a million years ago –” 
“That was twenty–four hours ago,” he says, giving me a withering stare.
“Well a lot has happened in the meantime!” 
“A lot that you were hoping would make me forget!” he counters, pointing ahead to a door that I understand from his body language is our destination. 
I grin up a him, because…yup. He’s got me there. 
12:51 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 45 
67%1 
Rafe stops, grabbing my arm, making me stop with him. “Ari, we had a deal – that guy tried to kill you, and you promised never to speak to him again, and all of a sudden he’s at our breakfast table? What the hell!?” 
“Rafe,” I sigh, glancing towards the door, knowing that we’ve only got a few minutes to get in there and I really, really hate being late for school. “I promise I’ll tell you, all right? Jackson – he saved me in the obstacle course –” 
“What?” Rafe asks, leaning closer, shock all over his face. “He what?” 
“He is the only reason I made a better time- and considering that I was the 90(th) candidate let in? If he hadn’t, I wouldn’t be here. We owe Jackson – and I promise that I will tell you all about it, but can we just get to class? None of this is pressing right now, right? We have time.” 
Rafe scowls, glancing between the classroom door and me. 
“Fine,” he says, tugging me forward by the arm before I wrench it from his grasp, not wanting whatever professor is in this classroom to see my big brother dragging me around. “But you and I are taking a
long moment tonight to have a chat about Jackson McClint…” 
Rafe doesn’t finish his word, though, because as soon as we round the corner into 
the room… 
We come face–to–face with the man in question. 
Or, at least I do. Rafe has to look down at him. But seated at the desk in the front row, Jesse lounging in the seat behind him? Jackson’s just about eye–to–eye with 
1. me. 
Rafe doesn’t even bother to hide his groan as he walks into the room, shoving me in front of him and heading for the desk next to Jesse. When I hesitate, Rafe barks my name, pointing to the desk next to him. 
I blush, glancing around and realizing that not only Jackson is witnessing Rafe boss me around like a little kid, but so is another dark–haired cadet and the professor – who is, of course, the handsome professor who handed us all the weird orb yesterday, his dark hair tied back low at the base of his neck. He grins at me, amused, but I sigh and do as my brother says, taking the desk next to him. 
“Well,” says the professor, nodding to all of us and moving to the door, pulling it 
12:51 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 45 
shut. “Now that we’re all here, we can begin.” 
I look curiously around the room now, confused.
Seriously, a class of five people? 
What the hell is going on here? 
“My name is Professor Alves. The five of you have been gathered here because out of the 96 cadets admitted to the program, only the five of you showed a particular aptitude for my teaching specialty. Unlike the rest of your peers, you will be enrolled in this class for the entirety of your time at the Academy. There will be no examinations and no cuts made. Instead, the time will be spent learning your own particular affinity and cultivating your…talent.” 
He go 
goes quiet now, smiling around at each of us in turn, I think enjoying the fact that each of us are completely confused. Silence reigns in the room and he just lets it hang there. 
Jackson is the first to break it, frustration in his every word. “I’m sorry,” he says, though he certainly doesn’t sound it, “I don’t understand. What are these affinities. you’re talking about?” 
“Each of you,” Alves says softly, moving to the book satchel perched on the edge of the desk and pulling from it the black orb, “demonstrated an affinity for magic. I will be here, over the course of the next several months and years, to see whether or not your particular skills can be honed for the battle field or otherwise in service of the nation.” 
My eyebrows go up almost to my hairline. 
I mean, our moms told the three of us when we turned sixteen that the Goddess has given each of us a particular magical gift. But that is a BIG family secret, and none of us have spilled a word of it to anyone.
hint of it, I’m also pretty damn sure that none of the three of us have shown any either. Which mom and Aunt Cora said not to worry about – they didn’t find out about their own gifts until later in their lives either. 
So…how the hell did the Academy find out? My eyes dart immediately to the black ball. 
“Yes,” the professor says, perhaps seeing the direction of my gaze and probably 
12:51 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 45 
67%音 
everyone else’s as well. “The sphere measures magical aptitude – one of my own inventions, very useful. And while it does allow us to identify candidates who have an affinity for magic, it does not at all tell us what kind of magic that person wields. 
So!” 
He deftly tucks the ball back into his satchel, smiling around at the five of us. “Does anyone know what they can do?” 
The five of us sit in absolute silence, staring at him. 
I mean. 
He just very, very casually told us that we’re all magic, and that he’s going to train us in battle magic – 
And even if that is maybe the coolest thing I’ve ever heard… 
It is definitely a surprise.
“Oh come on,” Alvez says, coming around the desk and shocking me by casually sitting on it, tucking his leg in beneath him. “Surely one of you is aware of what you can do? Sinclair?” he says, his eyes moving immediately to Rafe. 
Rafe just stares back at him, unreadable. 
“I’m aware of your mother’s talents,” Alvez says with a casual shrug, which makes Rafe’s eyes narrow. I feel mine doing the same. Mom – her healing magic isn’t precisely a secret, but she’s been very careful to never specifically confirm it. “She and your mother,” he shifts his eyes to Jesse now, “were instrumental in the formation of this department! They designed it!” 
My lips part in shock now. What!? 
Rafe sits back in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest, glaring at the professor a little bit. And I realize that the professor is trying to get us to casually confess our mothers‘ magical affinities, which we have long sworn to never do. 
“Oh come on,” the professor says, looking around at all of us and laughing casually. “We’re going to have to learn how to trust each other a little more. After all, we’re going to be spending a great deal of time together. In the spirit of trust and full disclosure…how about a little demonstration.” 
I look over at Rafe and Jesse, who look between each other and at me. Together, we 
12:51 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 45 
nod. 
67%
“All right,” Rafe says, speaking for us and no bothering to consult with Jackson or the other boy, who I see scowling at the other side of our line of desks, displeased to be left out. “You demonstrate first, then we’ll…have a conversation.” 
The Professor smiles at him and then pulls a large piece of candy out of his pocket — a jawbreaker, I think. “Me first,” he says, his voice low with pleasure, and then he tosses the candy into the air towards the center of the room. 
We all turn to stare at it and I gasp when, suddenly – almost from the bottom up- the jawbreaker stops falling and instead just…disintegrates in the air. The very miniscule pieces of it float through the air to the ground in a fine pile of pink dust. 
“Whoa,” I breathe, shocked and impressed. 
“Disintegration,” the professor says with a casual shrug. “My affinity also allows me to rust things, though it’s a longer process that mostly yields the same results.” 
“How do we know it’s not a trick?” Jackson asks, clearly more suspicious than me. “That the candy wasn’t going to fall apart as soon as you threw it?” 
“Give me something else,” the professor says, looking around at us. “I’m an open book in this classroom we all have to be. I promise, I’m not lying to you about my skills or what the class is for, though it might sound unbelievable now.” 
“Here,” I say, ripping a blank page from the back of my chemistry notebook and balling it up in my hand. “Can I just… toss it?” 
He nods to me and so I do, lobbing it high into the air.
Like the jawbreaker, the paper likewise just falls apart into microscopic pieces that drift down through the air. 
“Holy shit,” Jesse whispers, watching it. “That is…incredibly cool.” 
“So,” Alvez says, smiling around at us, his voice a little self–pleased. “Does anyone know what they can do?” 
But we all just look around at each other, completely silent.Until the dark–haired boy on the far side of the room heaves a sigh and raises his hand.
###Chapter 46
Chapter 46
Professor Alvez smiles like a cat who has just caught a canary. “Oh, excellent, Cadet Davis. Please, do share.”
The dark haired boy sighs again, crossing his arms over his chest as he looks around at us, clearly uncomfortable. “Are we sworn to secrecy in here?” he asks, anxious. “I’m not eager to share if this secret I’ve been keeping for twenty–two years is suddenly going to be public knowledge.”
“We are bound by our own rules in this classroom,” Alvez says, looking around at all of us. “If the six of us decide to swear each other to secrecy, then we will be. Thoughts?”
“I think that’s fair,” Rafe says, nodding solidly. “What happens between the six of us should be held in strict confidence.”
“And consequences?” Jackson asks, turning to look at Rafe. “If someone breaks the secrecy?”
We all turn, a little instinctually, to the professor. “Well,” Alvez says, his voice quiet, a little smile playing on his lips. “I am forbidden to offer corporeal punishment…” he murmurs.
I go still, staring him, and Rafe at my side does the same. 
“A…little joke,” he says, laughing with a shrug. I relax a little, but I scowl. This professor – he’s almost too casual with his “little jokes.” He could have some sympathy for the fact that we’re all being asked to share our deepest secrets on the first day of school.
“But,” the professor continues, “what has worked in years past has been a jury by peer system. If someone violates the trust of the cohort, a complaint can be raised and we can decide together what punishment is fair. For the worst cases, expulsion could be on the table. Thoughts?”
I look between Rafe and Jesse, who both look at me. Together, we nod. “That works for us,” Rafe says, speaking for our little group.
“Convenient,” the dark–haired boy says, staring over at the three of us. “Considering your little cadre of three has the majority in any voting situation.”
Chapter 46
Rafe just shrugs, holding his gaze, clearly telling him to deal with it.
Jackson, to my surprise, looks over at me. I meet his eyes evenly and nod once, no expression on my face as I ask him, without words, to trust us. He studies me for at long moment with those grey–blue eyes and then turns back to the professor. “I’ll agree to it,” he says.
Rafe turns to look at me, his face stony, because he’s very aware that Jackson – whether he knows it or not is turning towards me and seeking my opinion because he’s my mate. He exhales sharply through his nose, turning to the dark- haired boy across the room, and raises an eyebrow.
“Fine,” Davis says, hanging his head back on his neck as if exhausted. Then he, too, exhales a deep breath and speaks as he raises his head. “I can breathe underwater.”
Alvez’s face bursts into a grin as I gasp, leaning forward eagerly, because that is perhaps the coolest thing I’ve ever heard.
Jesse is just as excited as I am. “Really?” he says, grinning at Davis. “How the hell did you figure that out? Is there a time limit on it, or could you do it forever? Do your fingers still get all pruney if you stay under too long? How does –”
“Sinclair,” the Professor says, his voice tired, and Jesse laughs a little before snapping his mouth shut and leaning back in his chair with an apologetic shrug. He’s just excited, is all. “That’s incredible,
Davis,” the Professor says, smiling at him. “And likely to be useful in a variety of situations. Would you be willing to demonstrate at the next meeting, if I can arrange it?”
Davis sighs again but then nods sharply before turning to glare at all of us.
“Thanks for telling us, man,” Jesse says, giving Davis a warm smile. “You can trust us, though,” he says, gesturing to me and Rafe as well. “We’re not going to tell anyone.”
For the first time, a little smile comes to the other cadet’s face. “You can call me Tony,” he says quietly. And Jesse nods, his grin deepening, and I’m grateful again for my charming, friendly, thoughtful cousin who always knows how to make everyone feel comfortable. Warmth runs through me, and I’m reminded again how grateful I am to have him in my
life.
“Anyone else?” Alvez says, looking eagerly around at us.
12:51 Sun, 10 Mar
Chapter 46
The other four are silent before Rafe looses a tense breath. “We’re not holding anything back,” he says, his voice solid. “We just…don’t know. Our mothers have magic and they told us that we will have magic some day,” he says, gesturing towards himself and Jesse, “but it hasn’t manifested yet.”
“Not uncommon,” Alvez says, his voice encouraging. “And, the cousin?” he says, turning to me.
I blink a little, because of course my story is the same as theirs. But I’m not supposed to have a magic mother, am I? I say the first thing that comes to mind, hoping it’s plausible. “This is all a surprise to me,” I say with a shrug. “I mean, I knew they had pending magic, but I had no idea I did too. Pretty cool, I guess, that I get to be part of the club.”
Rafe smiles at me, nodding, letting me know I’ve done well. I smile back.
“My situation is the same,” Jackson chimes in, tense. “Surprised to be here. No magical family line to speak of. Are you sure I’m in the right place?”
“Oh, I’m sure, McClintock,” Alvez says, leaning forward to smile at him. And, is it just me? Or does that smile look almost…greedy? “Your reading was particularly vivid.”
Jackson scowls, looking at the floor.
“So, what do we do?” Tony says, his arms still crossed as he slumps in his chair. “Like what is this class about? I already know how to use my magic – what am I supposed to learn? Are there like, textbooks…”
“No texts,” Alvez quips, stretching his arms over his head. “Instead, we will spend our time nurturing each of your gifts where they are. For those whose magics have yet to manifest, we’ll spend some time attempting to coax them forward. For you, Davis, we’ll work to push your gift to explore its extremes, see if any other details reveal themselves. Then, in future months or years – assuming that you pass the Examination –” he pauses a moment, looking significantly around at all of us, “we will begin to consider how to use your magic on a battlefield or in other ways to aid the nation.”
I take a moment to smack Rafe on the arm, mouthing “Examination!?” to him and knitting my brows to show my displeasure that he didn’t tell me about this. Rafe just flaps a hand at me, dismissing my concern for now.
67%
Chapter 46
“All right!” Alvez says, clapping his hands together and hopping down from the desk. “Step one for this program is getting your magics to manifest themselves, and in my previous experience directing this program I have found that magic. does indeed call to magic. As such, we will now pair off in a trust exercise to see if anything…stirs. As you three,” he says, turning to us, “have been around each other for years with no results, let’s try engagement with someone new.”
Rafe sends an anxious glance my way but I just roll my eyes at him, willing him to stop hovering over me like a mother hen. As he turns away, though, I realize that his anxiety is not misplaced – because Jackson and I, we have been having physical reactions to each other that I now consider might be a result of our both having magic.
That pulse that moves through the air whenever I touch him with my hands? Is that….something?
“Let’s have Rafe with Tony, please?” Alvez says, interrupting my train of thought and gesturing for Rafe to cross the room to stand with Tony, who rises from his chair.
“And Jackson with Jesse?” Alvez says next. My heart sinks a little because I’m alone
the odd “man” out. Do I not get to experiment today?
“I’ll pair with you, Clark,” Alvez says as he takes three marbles out of his pocket and places one on a desk in front of Rafe and Tony and then another before Jesse and. Jackson. Anxiety twists in my stomach as Alvez slowly approaches me, because… something in the way that he walks, he smiles at me.
I’m again reminded of a cat, and not the sweet kittenish type.
No, an eager, hungry cat who has just found a mouse he wants to play with.
—
Alvez stops in front of me, placing a marble against our desk in front of us. “You should each find a form of physical contact you feel comfortable with skin to skin is best. And then, together, you should attempt to access your magics, using it together to attempt to move the marble – either floating it in the air, pushing it from the desk or…I don’t know. Exploding it. Whatever feels natural.”
“This isn’t going to work for me,” Tony says immediately, glaring a little. “I can’t take the marble under water and breathe it in.
“Humor me, Davis,” Alvez says, stepping close to my side. “Your goal today is to
12:51 Sun, 10 Mar
Chapter 46
help Rafe Sinclair discover his magics. Be a pal. You’re a team, after all.”
The four others in the room hesitate for a moment, but then turn to each other, beginning to discuss – I guess what it is they want to do.
“Hand to hand?” Alvez says, turning to me and speaking softly, almost intimately in my ear.
“Um, sure?” I say, anxiety racing through me as he raises his hand.
My wolf shifts from paw to paw, wary, as I raise my own hand and press the back of it to the back of the professor’s hand. I don’t trust him, she murmurs to me,
anxious.
Me neither. I murmur back.
But there’s no time to think on it now.
“Oh, come on,” Alvez says, smiling wickedly at me and turning his hand to grasp mine, interlacing our fingers. “After all, it’s not every day a man gets a chance to take the hand of a princess, is it?‘
Every drop of blood drains from my face.
###Chapter 47
Chapter 47 
My eyes immediately dart to Rafe and Jesse across the room, but they’re caught up in their conversations with Jackson and Tony. 
“No no,” Aivez says, his voice soft and pleased. “Don’t shout for your brother, Ariel. That would be a poor choice.” 
I turn my eyes back to the professor as, inside me, my wolf’s hackles raise. 
“Don’t misunderstand – I am excited that you are here, highness,” Alvez murmurs, giving my hand a little squeeze. “I’m looking forward to working with you, developing your powers. But, of course, if anyone were to discover that I knew that a young woman had infiltrated the academy…I would lose my job.” 
I stare at him, instantly realizing the trap that he’s laid for me here. If I reveal to anyone that he knows who I am even my brothers – he’ll have me expelled, even 
if it means he goes too. 
“Mutually assured destruction,” he murmurs, seeing me process the consequences. “So, I think it’s best that the two of us work together, don’t you? Trust, after all,” he says, his voice low and luxurious, “is the foundation of any great relationship.” 
“Fine,” I say, my word hardly a whisper as I nod. “Please just…don’t…” 
“Ariel,” he murmurs, moving closer, his eyes slowly drifting over my face. “Your secret is safe with me.” 
I exhale slowly.
“But,” he continues, “you could thank me for my generosity.” 
“Thank you,” I say instantly, the words falling from my mouth, and the way that he grins… 
Instantly I realize how under his thumb I am. 
How much he likes forcing my hand, making me his little puppet. 
“You are welcome, my Princess,” he purrs. Alvez takes another moment to stare into my eyes before turning to look at the marble, his entire demeanor changing in an instant. I stare at him, shocked a little to see that he is again the mind- mannered professor. “Now,” he says, grinning. “I’ll do my best to push my power 
Chapter 47 
towards you. What do you think, should we try to levitate it? Or push?” 
“Um,” I reply, still staring at him, a little shocked. 
“Let’s try push.” he says, glancing at me with a friendly grin. “Concentrate now, Clark. See what you can do.” 
I stare at him for a moment longer, still rattled by his revelation and the way that he took control. But then I loose my breath and concentrate because…what else am I going to do? 
Any way this turns, if I do anything at all beyond what he says, I’m kicked out of school. So…I comply and focus on the marble in front of me. 
To my surprise, my hand where it’s clasped in Alvez’s begins to heat – and more than the usual body heat produced by two people holding hands. I flinch a little, turning towards him.
“Nooo,” he murmurs, giving my hand a squeeze. “It’s totally normal – don’t get distracted. Concentrate, Clark.” 
I turn my attention back to the marble, and I do willing it first to lift, and then to move, and then to…I don’t know, do anything. 
My whole body is sweating after about fifteen minutes of concentration, but then Alvez sighs and drops my hand. “It was good work, Clark,” he says, smiling at me with encouragement as he claps me on the shoulder. “It may just be that our particular magics do not speak to each other. Shall we switch it up?” 
Alvez claps his hands in the air and asks for results, but when no one reports any ability to make the marble do anything at all, he just sighs and puts us in new couples. 
I’m with Tony this time, who gives me a friendly nod. “Hands okay?” he asks, offering his. 
“Sure,” I say, taking it. It’s completely different this time, and a coolness rushes through me as Tony and I stand for a long, long time looking at the marble before me. After awhile I find myself almost in a… meditative state. I’m calm, and relaxed, and honestly I feel like I’m almost…floating. All of the heat which resulted from my experience with Alvez is wiped from me, replaced by utter calm. 
I jump when Alvez again claps his hands – because, how long was that? It felt like 
Chapter 47 
about three minutes…. 
But as I glance at the clock, I realize that about half an hour has passed. I gape. 
“Any results?” Alvez calls out to us, and Rafe begins to murmur something about. the marble maybe moving a little bit as I look up at Tony in surprise.
He blinks down at me, a smile on his lips, and I instantly grin as I realize that his experience, somehow, matched my own. “I kind of forgot about the marble,” I say, smiling up at him. 
Tony laughs. “Me too, but…” 
“That was cool wasn’t it!?” 
“I feel like I’ve been at the spa all day,” he whispers back, laughing more now with the joy of it. “I’m so cozy, warm in my soul. I’m so fucking relaxed.” 
“I know! I –” 
“Results?” Alvez says, pitching his voice louder to interrupt us. Tony and I both turn to him and when Alvez flicks his eyes down to our still–joined hands, I blush a little and pull my hand away. 
“The marble didn’t move,” I say, my voice solid. Tony looks down at me, perhaps wondering why I’m not sharing more, but I just stand straight and don’t look at him, hoping he holds his tongue. 
Good, my wolf says, though she’s laying languidly in my soul now, her eyes half- lidded in her relaxation. Let’s not tell the professor anything until we know more about what he wants. 
I nod, agreeing with her. 
“Shame,” Alvez says, quirking his head to the side. Then he looks up at the clock. “We are out of time,” he says with a little chagrin. “For homework, I’d like each of you to get into your last pairing and try again for longer this time. At least a full hour. Come to our class in two days ready to report your results. Sinclair? Please come over here to arrange a time to meet with me privately.” 
Alvez nods around to us before moving to his desk, starting to pack up his bag as Rafe approaches to arrange a time.
My eyes immediately move to Jackson, who turns to me. 
Because he’s the only one who’s left. 
Tony leaves my side, heading for Jesse as Jackson slowly moves over. I have to crane my head back on my neck to look up at him as he moves close. 
“I’m glad to see you made it into the Academy,” Jackson says quietly, his voice gruff as he stares down at me, his expression stony and unkind. 
I can’t help it, I burst into a grin and laugh, just a little bit. 
“What?” he asks, frowning now, confused. 
“You just said something really nice,” I answer quietly, shrugging one shoulder, “even though your tone and your expression still say you want to rip me to shreds.” 
Jackson flinches back a little and stares at me. “Wait, really?” he asks. 
4. 4. 
“Yeah,” I say, laughing a little more now. “Are you now aware of it? The fact that you’ve got like, murder in your eyes pretty much all the time?” 
“Oh my god,” he murmurs, dropping his head and scraping a calloused hand down the length of his face. “No, I guess I wasn’t.” 
“Well, I’m glad I’m here too,” I say quietly, more serious now. “And thank you for 
“Don’t mention it,” he murmurs, and as he glances around I realize that it’s as much a desire for secrecy as it is a downplaying of his generosity in the obstacle course. “So, we have to…”
“Yeah,” I say, clearing my throat a little awkwardly. “Um, do you want to come up to our room for dinner? You could eat with us and then…” I reach out and grab the little marble still sitting on the desk. “Try to blow this to smithereens, or whatever.” 
Jackson smirks at me and glances over his shoulder towards Jesse and Rafe.“Yeah, Jackson,” Jesse says, and I smile as he appears at Jackson’s side, holding my 
Chemistry textbook out to me. “Come to dinner – you can have your food sent up with ours.” 
From the other side of the room, I hear Rafe groan as he hears the invitation. 
“Ignore him,” I say, stepping closer to Jackson and shaking my head as I look up into his face. “He’s being a dick. Seriously, come!” 
“I’ll think about it,” Jackson says, glancing over his shoulder at the crown Prince who so clearly doesn’t want him to do that. “If not, I’ll send word about my schedule. See if we can’t make a time to meet.” 
“Okay,” I say with a shrug, taking my books from Jesse and smiling up at my mate, kind of unable to help it. Because…honestly, I’m not scared of him at all anymore, even if I probably should be. After his apology in the bathroom, and then how he helped me? 
I don’t know. I’m starting to realize that there’s more to Jackson than just his gruff surface. 
For a second, my mind flashes to Luca – 
But I push it away, not letting myself go there. 
Jackson nods to me and Jesse, not bothering to say any other words of goodbye as he grabs his satchel and heads from the door.
“He’s not all bad, that one,” Jesse says, considering Jackson as he disappears. “Even if he is mildly terrifying even at the best of times.” 
“I agree,” I say, contemplative. Jesse just grins at me and nods towards the door, where Rafe is waiting at Alvez’s side, Alvez patiently holding the key to the classroom in his hands. 
“Good luck!” Alvez says to the three of us cheerfully as we move through the door. “Rafe, I’ll see you tomorrow afternoon. Jesse, Ari, please don’t hesitate to get in touch if you need anything.” 
– 
We murmur our thanks to our professor, turning away – 
And honestly, I thought it was all finished, until I feel fingers trace down the length of my spine as I turn away.
###Chapter 48
Chapter 48 
1 
My eyes go wide as I gasp, spinning to see Alvez walking down the hall, completely nonchalant. But that was no ghost, sneaking an intimate touch when my brother’s back was turned. 
“What is it?” Rafe asks, turning towards me. 
“Sorry, I uh–just saw a spider,” 1 murmur. “Really big one.” 
“Gross,” Jesse says, a shiver running through him. I grin at him, because Jesse hates spiders. 
“Yeah, let’s get out of here,” Rafe says, nodding towards the elevator at the end of the hall. “Ari and I have to have a chat after all.” 
“Really?” Jesse gasps as we step into the elevator. “What about!? Do I get to come. too?” 
“No,” Rafe says, slinging an arm around my shoulders and glaring over at our cousin. “Siblings only for this one.” 
Jesse hangs his head back as the elevator lifts us swiftly into the air. “That’s so unfair,” he groans. “Come on, I’m basically a sibling – our dads our brothers, our moms are sisters! Genetically, I’m pretty much the same 
“Don’t be weird,” Rafe says, glancing over at Jesse with his brows knit as the elevator door opens and we start down the hall. 
Jesse continues to complain all the way into the room but Rafe ignores him and I laugh, because Jesse can be such a baby when he doesn’t get his way. But eventually Jesse flops, defeated and depressed
to be deprived of the gossip, onto his bed as Rafe pushes me towards the bathroom. 
“Rafe, you can pee alone,” I mutter, tossing my chemistry book onto my bed as I 
1. go. 
“This is about secrecy not bodily functions,” he murmurs, shutting the door behind him and leaning back on it. “Which I’d think would be something you appreciated, considering this is a conversation about your mate. So?” He raises an eyebrow at me. “Spill.” 
I sigh, closing the lid to the toilet and sitting down on it, taking off my cap and 
15 
Chapter 48 
taking a moment to massage my sore scalp under its tight braid. Rafe listens quietly and carefully as I tell him everything about Jackson about his apology in the bathroom that allowed me to see a different side of him, my impulsive invitation to breakfast, and then about his waiting to go into his obstacle course. with me, and the hint and the help he gave. 
By the end, Rafe looks more contemplative than angry, which is probably a good thing. “So,” he says, looking studiously down at the floor with his brows drawn, “do you think he’s like…figured it out? That he’s helping you because he knows you’re his mate?” 
“No,” I say, thoughtful as I lean back against the toilet tank. “I mean, anything is possible, and I think he’s being nice to me because he does sense a connection. between us. But I think that if he knew I was his mate, he wouldn’t just…let it pass.” 
Rafe’s quiet for a minute before he sinks to the floor a bit. “It’s all just so weird, Ari,” he murmurs, shaking his head. “I don’t know how to navigate any of this.”
“You’re telling me,” I say, but I smile at my brother because it feels nice to be able to talk to him about it. 
“It’s just, you have a right to get to know your mate,” he murmurs, “that’s important. But there’s so much at risk. And he did seriously try to hurt you, which makes me very wary to let him into our little circle of trust…” 
“I think you have to try, Rafe,” I say quietly. “I don’t think he’s going to try to hurt me again. Honestly, if anything, it feels like his instincts are swinging in the other direction, and he might be following them.” 
“So like, even if he doesn’t know he’s your mate, he’s got some impulse to protect you?” Rafe asks, looking up at me. “I mean, that makes sense…the way dad protects mom feels just like a part of who he is.” 
A little anxiety stirs in me at the comparison to dad and mom – because they feel just so right together. 
And Jackson? I…just met him. 
And Luca? 
They’re both important, my wolf says, prancing gleefully at the thought of them. And very good looking. 
12.02 
Chapter 48 
Tu Mar 
Easy for you to say, I murmur, swatting her playfully in the rump. She spins in a circle and then trots off, spirits high. 
“All right,” Rafe sighs, hanging his head a little with a big sigh. “I’ll try to be nicer. Though it will not be easy.”
I smile, starting to thank him, but a knock comes out the door. 
“Go pee somewhere else, Jesse,” Rafe says, his voice exhausted. 
“Thanks so much for the advice, Rafe,” Jesse replies, dry, “but actually our uniforms are here.” 
“Oh!” I say, standing up and eagerly pulling on my cap. Rafe gets to his feet too, but his eyes move immediately to the shower. 
“Will you get mine?” he asks, heading for it. “I want to take a minute to myself.” 
“Sure,” I say, grinning at him and heading for the door, eager to see what the seamstress did to my uniform to make it fit better. Rafe starts to strip off his shirt as I pull the door open, but I’m a little shocked to see Jesse standing right there, waiting for me. 
He grabs me by the wrist and tugs me out of the bathroom, snicking the door shut behind me. “You have a guest, Mr. Clark,” he says, his voice half devious and half angry. “Who is asking for you in particular.” 
My eyes go wide as I follow Jesse’s gesturing hand towards there door, where I burst into a grin to see the seamstress here in the flesh, a black box in her hands. 
“Oh, hi!” I shout, scurrying over, excited.”Hi!” she says, beaming at me, “I’m so happy to see you! I made some modifications, but, um…” her eyes drift over to Jesse as she bites her lip. 
“Oh, don’t worry about him,” I say, flapping a hand in his direction as I take the box from her hands and head for my nook. “Come over here! Thank you so much for bringing these up yourself! What’s your name? I’m Ariel – 
“Ariel!” Jesse gasps, horrified, and both the seamstress and I stop short in our tracks, our eyes going to him.
“Oh, sorry,” I say, grimacing at my cousin a little as I resume my steps. “I forgot to tell you, Jesse 
she kind of…figured it out yesterday.” 
Chapter 48 
A slow smile spreads on the seamstress’s face as she looks between my cousin and me. “Oh, a secret within a secret, is it? I love those.” 
“Ari,” Jesse groans, covering his face with his hands and turning away from me, his—- shoulders shaking a little bit. “You can’t do this shit to me and are you serious!? Someone else figured it out!?” 
“Who else knows?” the seamstress asks, stepping closer to me as I put the box on my bed and start to unpack it. 
“Just my brother, obviously, and our friend Ben,” I say with a shrug, smiling at her. “Though he had less direct evidence than you 
“Ariel!” Jesse snaps, storming over to us, “stop telling her shit! We have no idea who 
this woman is!” 
“Jesse!” I scold, glaring at him. “You’re being very rude to our guest, and obviously she is trustworthy – she would have told someone by now if she was going to! And she wouldn’t have taken such time to make modifications to my outfit! Thank you for those, by the way,” I say, turning my smile on her again. 
“You’re welcome,” she replies, sketching a little bow with a half smile on her face, though she does glance anxiously back at my cousin. 
Jesse sighs and narrows his eyes at the young woman, crossing his arms and looking her up and down. “While my cousin has a point,” he says, frustrated, “I would like some further assurances that
you can be trusted, ma’am.” 
“Oh?” she says, and I blink a little as the seamstress tucks her hands coyly behind her back and raises her chin at Jesse, stepping closer. “And what kind of assurances would you like, sir?” 
I go a bit still as I watch them. 
“Well,” he murmurs, his voice deepening as he looks down at her. “Your personal information, to start. As well as any leverage you’d like to hand over so that I can exact revenge if you blow my cousin’s cover.” 
“Leverage, highness?” she says, a little smirk forming on her lips. “Why, we’ve just met. Don’t you think you need to earn something like that?” 
Jesse laughs a little, his eyes focused on hers, and my jaw drops when I see him. take a step closer, barely a hand’s breadth between them now. Because they are 
flirting. 
“Earn it, claim it,” Jesse murmurs, raising a bold hand and twisting a stray curl of her auburn hair around his finger before tucking it back behind her ear. “Either way, we can start with your number, unless we’re supposed to use messenger pigeons to contact people in this dank castle –” 
“Oh my god,” I burst out, staring between them. “Jesse!” I step forward and smack him, hard, on the arm. “Would you stop!?” 
“Ari!” he shouts, laughing and taking a step away. “I am working here to protect 
you 
–
“Oh, you so are not,” I growl, stepping in front of the seamstress. “There is one girl in this whole castle who knows about my secret, and I’d quite like her to be my friend, so if you can please stop hitting on her 
Jesse’s mouth drops open at my accusation and the seamstress, behind me, bursts out laughing. 
“It’s all right, Ari,” she says, putting a hand on my arm and turning me towards her. “I’m pretty much the only young woman working in this castle – I know how to handle myself around these boys.” I grin at her as she rolls her eyes.
###Chapter 49
Chapter 49 
“Okay, the question of boys aside,” Jesse says, clearly rankled by the diminutive appellation as he steps forward again, “seriously, can we trust you? This is…not a small secret.” 
“I swear it,” the seamstress says, her eyebrows going up and her face sincere. “Beyond the fact that I will absolutely lose this job if anyone figures out that I kept this secret, I think it’s really cool that there’s finally a girl in the ranks. Plus,” she grins at me and gives me a shy little shrug, “I liked you immediately. And I, too, could use a friend. Gets lonely in this castle.” 
“See?” I say, linking arms with her and turning to pout at Jesse. “We’re lonely, Jess. Are you going to deny us friendship?” 
Jesse groans, tilting his head back and covering his face with his hands, but I just turn to smile at the girl. 
“I’m Daphne,” she says, offering her hand, which I shake. “And I swear, I won’t tell anyone, ever. I want to help.” 
“I’m Ariel,” I say in turn, though clearly she already knows that. “And thank you, seriously.” 
“Anytime!” she says as Jesse takes a deep breath and drops his hands from his face. “Let me show you what I did –” 
– a 
Daphne quickly walks me through the details of my uniform modifications wider waist, more breathing room in the chest and the little sports bra that she quickly sewed for me, which she designed to flatten my already–smallish chest as much as possible.
“I’ll make you more of these,” she says, grinning at me, “as well as send you up any women’s products that you need, whenever you need them. Just send me a little note saying you popped a seam, I’ll figure it out.” 
I beam at her and impulsively throw my arms around her in a hug, pleased and grateful. “You’re the best, Daphne,” I murmur. “Can you stay for dinner? There will be plenty of food,” I say, pulling back. But then I roll my eyes. “But also, many more boys.” 
“That’s all right,” she says, shaking her head, her pretty blue eyes sparkling. “But, 
Chapter 49 
maybe I can come up later in the week on my day off? And we could…hang out?” 
“Yes!” I say instantly nodding and feeling a bit sorry when I see the hope that swells in her eyes. This poor girl she’s probably even more starved for female company 
than I am. 
“We’ll be glad to see you,” Jesse says, his calm returned now as he slips his hands into his pockets and again steps close to Daphne, smiling down at her. “Though, try to come with it’s just us Sinclairs here in the room,” he murmurs. “We like to keep our secret close.” 
“Or,” Daphne says, turning her head, again coy. “Do you just not want to share me with the other boys?” 
“Well, why would you want to see them anyway?” Jesse asks, a subtle twist to his lips. “When you could hang out with a duke?” 
Laugher bursts from me at the gall of him at this moment and I just shake my head, turning away. God, a few minutes ago I’d honestly thought Jesse was doing a good job of flirting with Daphne, but with that
line 
“Oh, a Duke?” Daphne says, her eyes wide and innocent. “Is that supposed to be impressive?” 
Jesse blinks at her, but as I watch his smile grow I realize that he likes that she’s actually pushing back. “Isn’t it?” he asks, boldly taking another step closer, “It’s not every day you meet a duke.” 
“Well,” she says, hesitating and glancing towards the bathroom, “isn’t there a Prince just behind that door?” 
I burst into delighted laughter again, doubling over and putting my hands in my knees at the way Jesse’s mouth pops open in surprise. 
Daphne grins too, smiling up at him, pleased as punch to have gotten the better of him. And Jesse, to his credit, laughs as well. 
“I have to get back,” Daphne says, reaching out to me for a hug – which I give her – before she heads for the door. “Ari, I’ll be in touch. And, your grace,” she puts deliberate emphasis on his royal title as she smiles pulls the door open, “it was so nice meeting you.” 
“Bye, Daphne!” I call as she leaves, but then I instantly spin to grin up at Jesse. 
12:53 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 19 
“Ohhh she got you!” I say, pointing a delighted finger up into his face. “You are so embarrassed!” 
“I am not,” he says, still smiling and smacking my finger away. “Come on, you have a workout to do before dinner.” 
“What?”
“Seriously!” he laughs, shoving me between the shoulders towards the door. 
“Didn’t you hear about the Examination at the end of term? We’ve got to keep you fit if we want to keep you around, little Princess!” 
“You just want to keep me around so Daphne keeps coming around,” I accuse, glaring at him over the shoulder as I drag my feet towards the door. Honestly, I thought my day was over and I could relax. 
“Nah, I like you for you,” Jesse says, smiling at me as we pass through the door and head for the elevator. “Though I do admit, the seamstress could be an unforeseen perk.” 
“You stay away from my friend,” I snap as we climb back into the elevator. 
“Absolutely not,” he says, his voice deadpan as the doors shut and we head down, down, down to the ground floor. 
I’m still panting and gross with sweat an hour and a half later when Jesse and I get back to the room, me stumbling in exhausted and him casually strolling as if we did nothing more than take an evening walk. 
We leave the door open in case any other cadets want to come by and say hello, introduce themselves or whatever.“Hey!” Rafe shouts from the couch, where Ben and Luca are already sitting. Rafe glances up at the clock. “You’re pushing it close to dinner time,” he says, curious. 
“Well, Shrimpy here just needs to get faster, doesn’t he?” Jesse says, grinning at me and shoving me towards the bathroom, letting me subtly know that I can take first shower. 
– 
I rush towards it, blushing a little – as ridiculous as it is for Luca to see me all red and sweaty.
12:53 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 49 
I take my time in the shower because while I’m in it my mind returns, perhaps. inevitably, to the way Luca’s face looked at breakfast this morning – his absolute shock at the realization that not only are our midnight dream meetings real, but that in the end I tried to keep that from him. 
But eventually my growling stomach forces my hand, and I towel off and pull my new uniform on- chic and fitted, as promised – before braiding my hair up and tucking my cap onto my head. 
When I open the bathroom door, I almost moan at the scent of foot that immediately floods my nose. 
“Seriously, Ari,” Rafe says, glancing up at me. “I had to basically fight these guys to keep them away from your serving. What took you so long?” 
“Just tired,” I murmur, heading to what is clearly becoming my little corner of the couch – a place which is, fortunately or unfortunately, right next to Luca. My attention immediately goes to the food in front of me – roasted chicken all wrapped up in soft flat bread, spread with spicy sauce and topped with crispy vegetables. 
I dig in with gusto. 
As I eat, the boys continue their conversation around me, everyone filling in the details of their day. Ben is chattiest, and while I am interested in the details of his program (which sounds almost as rigorous as mine), I do not miss the fact that Luca is noticeably silent and still moody, like he was this morning. 
But I don’t look up at him, simply concentrating on my food.
“Actually, Luca,” Ben says, and I lift my head to see him turning to my mate from his spot on the floor. “I was practicing those punch combos you showed me earlier, but my shoulder is tweaking after like ten of them. Can you show me if I’m doing them right?” 
“I actually hurt my arm in workout this morning, Ben,” Luca says, frowning at him with true apology on his face. “Maybe Rafe could take a look? He can throw a punch almost as well as I can. 
Luca glances over at my brother, who smirks at him before nodding eagerly to Ben. The two stand up and move to the center of the room behind the couch, where there’s more space. My stomach twists with anxiety as I hear them get 
Chapter 49 
started, Rafe directing Ben to lift his fists and show him what he’s got. 
“All right,” Jesse says with a sigh as he pushes himself up from the chair. “Time for 
my 
Oh no, my wolf says, raising her snout as my eyes dart between Luca and Jesse’s retreating form. Say anything! Get him to stay here! 
“Wait, Jesse,” I say, and he pauses, turning to look at me. “Um,” I say, glancing around for an excuse for him to stay but coming up with absolutely nothing. “Don’t you want to…finish…dinner?” 
“I ate enough for both of us, Ari,” he says, gesturing towards my unfinished plate. “You should worry about yourself before me.” 
Ohhhh nooo my wolf moans as I watch my cousin disappear into the bathroom, dread pooling in me.
“What is it, Shrimp,” Luca says, his voice soft as he turns to me. I sink back into the corner of the couch. “Don’t want to sit alone with me? Don’t want to have a nice little one–on–one chat?” 
“Um,” I say, my eyes going wide as his narrow. 
And then I gasp as, quicker than I can see, Luca ducks below the high back of the couch and snaps his hand out, grabbing the front of my uniform and pulling me so close that there’s barely a few inches between our faces. 
“What the f**k is going on, Ari!?” he growls, his face livid. 
I stare at him, my eyes wide, but before I can bluster out some kind of excuse or apology or protest, a hesitant voice rings out from the door. 
“Sorry,” it says, and I spin around in shock to see Jackson standing at the open door, his hands sunk into his pockets. “Am I…interrupting something?”
###Chapter 50
Chapter 50 
Luca freezes for a moment before scowling at me and dropping his hand from my shirt, crossing his arms over his chest before he sinks back into the couch cushions, glowering. 
“No!” I say, throwing myself over the arm of the couch and stumbling my way to the door, my face still pale from my shock. “Um, sorry it’s good to see you, Jackson! I’m glad you could come.” 
I hear footsteps behind me and turn to see Ben and Rafe coming over. Luca, perhaps predictably, stays on the couch, though he’s moved to lean against the far arm of it so that he can watch the goings–on at the door, his arms still crossed. 
“You’ve got a really nice setup here,” Jackson says, his eyebrows raised as he looks around the room. 
“Thank you,” Rafe responds, reaching out a hand. I see the corner of Jackson’s mouth twitch upwards at Rafe’s relative warmth as he shakes my brother’s hand. But it’s gone in a flash. “Where is your room located?” Rafe asks. 
“I’m closer to this guy,” he says, nodding to Ben. 
“Really?” Ben asks, surprised. 
“I’m four doors down,” Jackson says, leaning against our doorway. Ben looks even more surprised now, perhaps wondering if Jackson is just very perceptive? Or if he, Ben, hasn’t been perceptive enough.. 
“You’re letting a draft in,” Luca calls from his place on the couch. “Maybe it’s time. to shut the door.” 
A little shocked, I glare at him over my shoulder, because the door has been open for hours. “Would you like to come in?” I say to Jackson, gesturing towards the room. “We don’t have any food left, but…”
“That’s okay,” Jackson says, nodding at me and pulling a folded piece of paper from his pocket. “I just came to give you a copy of my schedule. Maybe you could tell me a time, tomorrow, when we could meet for the homework?” 
“Come to dinner tomorrow,” Rafe offers instantly. “Ari really doesn’t leave the room much. He’ll be here all night. I’m sure you can find a quiet space to work.” 
Chapter 50 
I turn slowly to glare at my brother, but sigh when he just glares back. He is definitely not going to let me go galivanting around in the castle alone with my 
mate. 
“Yes, Jackson,” I say, taking the schedule from his hands anyway. “Please, come for 
dinner.” 
“All right,” he says slowly, frowning as he looks between Rafe and me, probably wondering about our weird over–protective cousin relationship. “See you tomorrow, then.” 
“Bye!” Luca shouts from behind us, his word harsh and obviously making I clear that he wants Jackson gone now. 
I roll my eyes, but keep my focus on Jackson. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Thanks for this,” I hold up the now–useless schedule in my hand. 
“You’re welcome,” he says, nodding to me before moving away. I smirk a little as he goes, thinking he needs to work a bit on his pleasant good–byes.
Rafe doesn’t say anything as he moves away from the door, heading back to the center of the room and gesturing for Ben. But Ben pauses, frowning at Luca. 
“Why are you so rude to him?” he asks. “What did he ever do to you?” 
“Dude’s got bad vibes,” Luca says, scowling. “I don’t trust him.” 
“You’re the one with bad vibes tonight,” Ben says, frowning at Luca, whose jaw drops open, probably surprised that Ben – who he could take out with a single punch – is calling him out for bad behavior. But I just sigh as Ben walks away to go work with Rafe more. 
I settle in on the couch across from Luca and glare at him a little. 
“Ben’s right, you know,” I say, keeping my voice soft. “You have been in a mood all day, and you’ve been taking it out on everyone else. Get your shit together.” 
“Get my “Luca sputters, leaning forward to glare at me. “Get my shit together!? Are you kidding me, Ari!?” 
My scowl deepens as I narrow my eyes. “This is weird for me too, you know!” I hiss leaning forward, admitting for the first time in person – however tacitly that the dream state really is real. 
Chapter 30 
Luca groans and presses his eyes shut, gritting his teeth, his whole body going tense. I kick him, glancing over the edge of the couch at where Rafe slowly has Ben go through the gestures of a cross– body punch. 
“I am serious!” I whisper–hiss. “We cannot have this conversation here! This is not public information!”
Luca’s eyes fly open, instantly glaring at me. “Fine,” he snaps. “Then we are having this conversation tonight. And I would suggest that you have a great deal of chamomile tea very soon, because I am not going to wait around for you in that boring–ass fog forest for hours while you do your best to stay awake and avoid this conversation –” 
I sit up a little, surprised. “Wait, so,” I hesitate now, trying to figure out the meaning behind his words, “you can go there and like, hang around? Even before I get there?” 
“Yes, Shrimp!” he snaps, grabbing one of the pillows and throwing at me. I gasp a little as it hits me right in the chest. “And it’s really boring! There is nothing to do there except wait! It sucks!” 
I scowl at him, hugging the pillow to my chest. “Fine,” I growl, glaring at him. “I’ll go to bed.” 
“Good!” he almost shouts, forgetting himself a little as he jumps off the couch and storms for the door. “So will I!” 
The door slams as Luca leaves and I gape after him for a moment before slowly turning back to Ben and Rafe, who stare at me. 
“Seriously,” Rafe says, glancing over towards the door. “What the hell is going on with you two?” 
“He’s just tired,” I mutter, sighing and pushing myself up off the couch as well. I grab my Chemistry textbook off the coffee table and take it with me towards my nook. “And so am I. I’m going to bed. Sleep tight, guys.” 
They murmur their goodnights as I swing my velvet curtain shut and flop onto my bed in despair, burying my face into my pillow. 
“Whoa,” I hear Jesse’s voice say out in the room as the bathroom door creeks open. “Where did everyone go?”
Predictably, it takes me forever to fall asleep, not least because Jesse, Ben, and Rafe stay up for a while, talking softly. I get changed into the pajamas that Daphne thoughtfully packed into my uniform box and re–braid my hair once it’s dry, but it’s the Chemistry book, in the end, which really does the trick. 
It’s not that it’s not interesting – it’s just that I’ve had such a long day, and the workout Jesse put me through, combined with the minute details of the periodic. table… 
My eyes are flickering shut before I know it. 
And almost immediately after that… 
I raise my eyelids again to blink in the soft light of the birch forest, looking around at the pretty yellow leaves flickering in the wind. 
I sigh, wrapping my arms around myself, steeling myself for the hard conversation that’s going to come next. Because I know I owe him an explanation, but god, it would have just been so much easier if – 
“Shrimp!” Luca’s voice rings out through the grove, and my eyes go wide to hear the anger still lacing it. “I know you’re here, I can feel it!” 
I curse to myself and then gasp as he appears between the trees, striding towards me. I press my eyes shut, willing my clothes to change, my hair to tuck itself up under the cap – 
I give little shriek when I feel hands wrap around my upper arms, giving me a shake. But when I open my eyes and look down, I’m relieved to see Luca’s fingers wrapped around the sleeves of my black uniform, not the white nightdress I always wear when I first appear here. 
“Talk!” Luca demands, glaring down at me. “Now!”
“Would you stop being so rough with me!?” I snap, shaking myself free of his grip and taking a step back from him. “You’re bigger than me, Luca! It’s bullshit to use that to try to intimidate me 
“Are you seriously going to try to talk to me about what is fair right now, Ari?” he spits out, stepping closer to loom over me. “After all of the shit you pulled with this 
– this dream!?” 
12:54 Sun, 10 Mar 
Chapter 50 
07號 
“Hey!” I shout, whipping my finger up into his face, “I, too, was pulled into this dream without knowing what it was, and I also did not know at first that it was real! 
So-” 
“But you definitely knew before I did!” Luca snaps, grabbing my arm and hauling me closer. And you should have told me! Immediately!” 
“I did!” I insist, staring up at him. 
“Not until after you let me confess all sorts of weird shit!” he shouts, flinging hist arms out to the side in exasperation. “God, seriously, Shrimp, do you think I would have said half of that shit to you if I had known that you were actually hearing it!?” 
“Which is why,” I say through clenched teeth, crossing my arms. “I told you it was real, and then decided to never meet you here again!”
“What, like that’s your choice alone!?” he gasps, staring at me. “Do you have control over this place?” 
do you 
I spread my hands wide and, some instinct prodding me, will flowers to grow. Delicate little snowbells push themselves out of the earth, unfurling themselves from green leaves to hang their little white heads all around us. 
Luca gasps, his eyes going as wide as saucers as he looks around. 
“Can you do that?” I ask, my voice going softer now. 
Luca looks up at my face and stares at me for a long moment before he, too, spreads his hands wide. 
Nothing happens. 
“What….are you trying to do?” I ask quietly. 
“I’m trying to make…daffodils…” he murmurs, looking around. But none appear. I sigh, shaking my head as he looks up at me again. “So this is…your dream,” he says, picking up on things now. 
I nod. “I think so.” 
“And you pulled me into it,” he continues, studying my face as he takes a step closer. 
I shrug, a little embarrassed, but admitting it because….well, I certainly can’t blame him for it. Dream states come from the female wolf, we invite our mates into it, but we’re in charge. 
“So,” he continues softly, and a pulse of shock runs through me as I feel Luca’s hands on my cheeks, turning my face up to him. “Do you…not want me to do this?” 
And before I can stop him, he lowers his lips to mine.
###Chapter 51
Chapter 51 
Luca’s lips just barely, barely brush mine before I gasp and shove him away. 
“Luca!” I shout, stumbling backwards a few steps and staring up at him with wide eyes. 
“Oh my god, Ari!” he shouts, digging his hands into his hair and turning from me in frustration, clenching his jaw. “What are you seriously!? What are we even here for if we’re not going to –” 
“Luca!” I shout again, stomping my foot and going completely rigid with my own anger. “You are not being fair – you told me to come here tonight for a conversation, and then you try to –” I hesitate now, stumbling over my words in my embarrassment, “what, make out with me!?” 
Luca laughs an ironic little laugh and turns back at me, glaring. “Well, isn’t that the point, Ari? What do you want from me? Why are you pulling me into a secret dream if not to –“ 
“I don’t know!” I half shout, half moan, my arms stiff at my side as I turn my head up to the sky and press my eyes shut, overwhelmed and frustrated. “We just – we are not on the same terms here! And I don’t want to do anything with you unless –” 
– 
And then I halt my words, my cheeks blushing scarlet as I realize that I just admitted that I would want to kiss him if the terms are right. 
When I tentatively open my eyes, I see that Luca picked up on it too. He’s smirking a little 
to discover that he wasn’t wrong about this thing now, still frustrated but pleased – I think that’s between us. That it is not at all one–sided,
– 
“Fine,” he snaps, taking another step closer to me. “Let’s have this conversation then. Why won’t you let me kiss you?” 
I blink in shock at the bluntness of his words, but the way his smirk deepens makes me realize that he did it on purpose that he’s trying to unnerve me, probably because he’s 
pissed. 
I just narrow my eyes, pissed in turn that he’s deliberately not playing fair. 
“Because, Luca,” I reply, a bit through my teeth. “I don’t know your motives for wanting to kiss me.” 
“Do I need motives?” 
“A little!” I say, taking a step back as he takes one forward. Elsewhere in the dream, my wolf gives a few happy yips of excitement, but I just scowl at her, annoyed. “I mean, I don’t want you to kiss me, Luca, if you’re just trying to…figure out your sexuality or something! I am…I am a whole person…” 
He stops when I say this, turning his head to study me, suddenly more curious than he was before. 
I lift my chin, continuing. “And I don’t want to be kissed as an experiment. I want to be…” I bite my lip now. 
“Tell me,” he says, his voice soft. 
I take a deep breath, not really knowing even what I mean. “I want…” I say softly, speaking the words as my mind finds them, “you to kiss me…because you want to kiss me. Not just some…shrimp you find yourself weirdly attracted to.”
“Ari,” Luca murmurs, still looking at me curiously, his expression and his stance somehow softer now. “What makes you think that I felt otherwise?” 
“Well, I don’t know!” I burst out, throwing my hands to the side. “Are you – are you gay, Luca!? Do you like boys!?” 
He laughs, shaking his head at me and slipping his hands into the pockets of his sweatpants. “Haven’t I already told you the answer to that, several dreams ago? I didn’t think I was attracted to guys, but then I met you, and everything got tossed up into the air –“ 
“Well,” I interrupt, staring at him, baffled. “Doesn’t that…does that bother you?” 
“No,” he says instantly, narrowing his eyes at me a little. “Does it…bother you?” 
66 
“No,” I reply, but I turn my head at him, considering. “Wouldn’t it like…affect you, though?” 
“What?” 
Chapter 31 
“I mean, you’re a celebrity, Luca!” I gesture towards him like it’s obvious. “I know that we live in a pretty progressive country and time, but it will affect your status in the world if people find out that you’re at Alpha Academy making out with a little shrimpy boy.” 
Luca laughs and strides forward, surprising me by taking my face in his hands again. “Ari,” he murmurs, “I don’t care about any of that. All of that is outdated moral bullshit that should be tossed out the window. We get one life, and when you meet someone that you have a connection with? A connection like this?” He shakes his head, staring into my eyes, suddenly looking so overwhelmed and baffled by the connection between us that it breaks my heart.
“Ari,” he murmurs, dropping a hand from my cheek and wrapping his arm tight around my waist, pulling me suddenly flush against him. “Who fucking cares?” 
And I stare at him, searching for words, for some kind of response – 
But then he moves, dipping his head low, pressing his lips to mine again, more firmly this time like he means it. 
And damn it, I break. 
I’m out of protests, out of words, and I just…kiss him. 
My bodily response to him is immediate, and visceral, and intense. 
– 
A tiny moan escapes me as my eyes flutter shut and arms wrap around his neck. I lean my entire weight against him, not really intending to do it my body is moving beyond me now. His lip slants over mine, his tongue pressing into my mouth in a way that sends shivers streaking through my entire body. 
Luca’s mouth moves swiftly over mine, and every single second of it just sings to me with how right it is. I pull my mate closer as his arms wrap tight around my waist, forcing me to bend my head back on my neck, to submit to him completely. 
And I do – I let Luca claim me with his mouth, with his arms, with his body pressed against me. I kiss him right back, maring at the way that his soft lips can press so hard against 
mine, at how his tongue moving over my lower lip can make my breath come so short. God it’s insane, the sudden relief and solace that floods me, because it feels so incredibly right. 
–
I realize, quite suddenly, that I waited far too long for this 
– 
that my soul has been aching for him, for the feel of his mouth against me, his body pressed close. I am hungry for Luca in a way that feels desperate, like an animal long denied water. And like I’ve suddenly found a pool after days alone in the desert, I throw myself into this with abandon. 
The fervor with which I kiss Luca suddenly intensifies, and I open my mouth to him completely. He takes full advantage of the situation, deepening the kiss, his tongue 
sweeping against mine, a hard shudder passing through him as one of my hands wraps in the fabric of his sweatshirt and pulls him close 
1 
G 
But it’s not enough, none of it’s enough none of it is getting him as close as I need him to be. My other hand tangles in Luca’s hair as he moves his lips from my mouth, dragging his tongue across my jaw and down my neck like he could devour me 
― 
A groan escapes Luca as he stumbles forward a step, as lost in me as I am in him, and then the hand that was around my waist dips lower, sliding down over my ass to grip me high on the back of my thigh. 
gasp, a shiver running through me, and I pull back for a moment as Luca’s hand moves – because no one has ever touched me there – 
–
But he holds my gaze and just shakes his head, determined, before he presses his mouth back to mine and tightens his grip, pulling me up – up into his arms, so that our faces are level, so that he’s actually holding me against him, my feet no longer on the ground. 
I groan, wrapping my legs around his waist, knowing full well that I am in deep trouble here and not giving a damn.
###Chapter 52
Chapter 52 
Luca’s stumbles again as he holds me up with one arm below my ass, the other still around my waist – but I don’t care. 
I don’t care at all – don’t care about anything except the taste of his mouth, the feel of his lips pressing against mine again and again. I can only concentrate on the way his tongue feels as he licks me, promising without words all the different ways he wants to taste me, all the different parts of my body he wants to taste – 
God, fuck, if we fall to the ground in this damn dream forest, I don’t care 
Might be better, honestly, so I could feel the weight of him on me, pressing me inexorably down, into the ground – 
But Luca finds his footing, his grip on my thigh moving upwards to tighten at the soft place right at the crease of my ass. He moans again, that hard shudder passing through him as I wrap his hair in my fist and tilt his head backwards an inch, taking control of the kiss, pressing my tongue into his mouth this time. 
He shakes his head, panting against me, his eyes flicking open just for a second, hazy with lust. And slowly, deliberately – not knowing at all what makes me do it – I pull back just incrementally to lick the length of his lower lip, wanting to taste him there. The feel of the stubble on his chin against my tongue makes my eyes flutter shut with want. 
“God damn it, Ari,” Luca murmurs before sealing his mouth hard to mine, his hand drifting higher on my back, up my neck, his fingers brushing the hair at my nape. I lose myself to him completely, to the feel of his body pressed tight to mine, to his heartbeat my own – pounding in his chest.
– 
– 
as vivid as 
But suddenly his fingers move higher, burying themself in my hair hair that is longer than it should be, for a boy – 
And my cap, it falls sideways off my head – 
All of my hair tumbles down a moment later, cascading around my shoulders. 
Luca’s eyes fly open as I gasp, pulling back just an inch 
Chapter 52 
But it’s enough. 
Enough, as his fingers run once through the length of my hair. 
I freeze. Completely freeze like a panicked animal, staring at him. 
?’ 
I see every second of it as Luca’s eyes go wide, taking in the rose–gold expanse of my hair as it pools around my face. 
“Ari…” he whispers, mystified. 
And something about him saying my name – it breaks me out of my shock. 
I shriek and shake my head, pressing my eyes shut –
Willing the dream to end. 
– 
I groan the moment I wake up, burying my face into my pillow and shrieking again unable to help it, but also desperately hoping that my deep–sleeping brother and cousin don’t hear me. 
Because I desperately, desperately can’t let them know how completely I’ve fucked this up. 
I roll onto my back when I feel capable of controlling myself, covering my face with my hands and staring up at the ceiling of my tiny, perfect nook, totally ashamed of my loss of control. 
This 
– 
this could be the end of everything, couldn’t it? All because I was so stupid and weak and couldn’t resist kissing him couldn’t keep myself from absolutely losing control with him, climbing him like a stupid little monkey just because he kissed me. 
– 
And god, what a kiss – I 
“Ve kissed boys before, but not like that – 
– 
But even as I being to reminisce, I scold myself. Even if it was a shatteringly good, life- changing kiss this isn’t precisely the time for kissing, is it!? 
–
I have thing to do! I have goals! 
Chapter 02 
And even if I don’t think that Luca would spill my secret, anything could happen right now. He’s probably waking up in his own room right now, completely freaked out and baffled about what’s going on, desperate to know more 
– 
I mean, he could storm into breakfast tomorrow and just absolutely blow my cover! And considering how moody he was this morning when he didn’t even know if the dream state was real, imagine how he’s going to react now! 
I am miserable all night long, going over all the possible scenarios in my mind. Whether or not Luca actually figured out I’m a girl when my hair fell down… 
But, of course he did. Of course! He’s not stupid, after all. 
But also…did he? Did he think it was just dream magic? Or… 
And, I mean, is he going to hate me for keeping even more important truths from him? I can’t blame him for that. 
But how will he actually react to it? 
What will he do? 
But surely, surely he’ll refuse to keep my secret any more with Rafe and Jesse, wanting everything out in the open…but then! 
Rafe!
Rafe thinks that Jackson is my singular mate! What the hell is he going to do when he figures out I’m making out with Luca in a dream state!? 
I 
groan again, sick of myself, sick of trying to balance all these secrets, sick of my complete loss of control. 
I’m completely miserable for the next several hours, which I spend in bed loathing myself with my eyes pressed shut. But sleep does not find me, not an ounce of it. I don’t know why – I’m completely exhausted, but somehow it just doesn’t. Maybe because I’m terrified of entering the dream state again, of facing him – 
Or that he won’t be there, because he’s too mad at me – 
Or maybe I don’t sleep because I’ve convinced myself that I don’t deserve sleep, because I put my enrollment in the Academy at risk because I was too weak to resist a kiss. 
As the night starts to turn towards dawn, I give up on the prospect of sleep all together and sit up, pulling my chemistry book closer. I light the little lamp on my tiny bedside table and, ensuring that the curtains around my nook are tightly shut so that my family can’t see it, I lose myself in my studies for as long as I can. 
I jump almost out of my skin a few hours later when Rafe pulls back 
my 
curtain. 
“What are you doing?” he asks, frowning at me when he sees me slumped over my chemistry text.
“Studying,” I murmur, glancing up at him from where my face is pressed miserably to the page. I’m too close to read anything, but also too miserable and exhausted to get up. 
“Ari,” Rafe snaps, scowling and coming forward, putting a hand under my chin and obliging me to sit up so that he can survey my face. “You look like shit did 
you get any sleep at all last night?” 
Still wretched, I just shake my head. 
– 
He sighs, glaring at me a little before dropping my chin and stroking his palm once over the head, like a pet. “You have to sleep, Ariel. You’re not going to make it through this if don’t rest. What, are you anxious about something?” 
you 
Not lying at all, I slowly nod 
my head. 
“About what?” he asks, sinking down to sit on the edge of my bed and stare at me, worried. “Ari, you have nothing to worry about – you’re the smartest girl I’ve ever met, smartest person, full stop! And Jesse and I – we’re going to kick your ass at workouts so that you’re ready when the Examination comes around! You’re going to be fine!” 
I sigh, my eyes filling with 
tears at my sweet brother’s pep talk, and I push my chemistry book away, crawling across the bed a few feet and pressing myself warm against his side, resting my head on his chest. Rafe sighs,
wrapping his arms around me and rocking me back and forth just like mom does when we’re sad. 
“Don’t get overwhelmed now, baby trouble,” he murmurs, using my family’s pet name for 
1. me. “We’ve got you.” 
“Thank you. Rafe,” I murmur, sniffing a little, gratitude overwhelming my worry for just a second. “You’re the best.” 
“Don’t thank me yet,” he says, smirking at me as he tilts my head up so that I look into his face. “I’m in charge of your workout this afternoon, and I’m going to make you suffer, little Shrimp.” 
I can’t help the little smile that finds my lips, the tiny laugh that pulses through me. “Nooo, go nice on me, big brother,” I sigh, putting my head back down. “I’m tired.” 
“Coffee will patch you up,” he says, patting me on the back and standing up abruptly so that I flop onto the bed in a heap. “Now get up! The day is not waiting for lazy girls!” 
I sigh, watching him stride towards the bathroom and then shifting my eyes to Jesse as I see him start to stir in his bed, stretching his arms over his head in a yawn. His face bursts into a grin as Rafe pulls the bathroom door shut and his eyes focus on me. 
“Hey, tiny cousin,” he says, wicked. “How’d you sleep? Any interesting dreams?” 
But I just scowl at him and burrow under my blankets, not needing any of Jesse’s nonsense today. 
Because I have to prepare myself for breakfast. 
And Luca’s definitely, absolutely going to be at breakfast.
###Chapter 53
Chapter 53 
Jesse is really nice to me for the rest of the morning, slinging his arm around my shoulders and cracking jokes all the way to breakfast. Even I can’t help laughing, even as a deep pool of dread forms in my stomach, because I have absolutely no control over how Luca is going to react to any of this. 
My mind keeps running through scenarios – is he going to storm in demanding answers? Is he going to declare to the entire Hall that I’m a girl? Is he going to just pull me aside and- 
“Hey,” Jesse says, using the arm around my shoulder to tug me incrementally closer. “Whatever it is, Ari? It can’t be that bad.” 
“What?” I ask, looking up at him as we walk, glancing at Rafe, who chats amiably with Ben as they walk down the hall ahead of us. 
“Whatever drama went down last night in your little dream state?” Jesse says, raising an eyebrow at me. 
I 
gape at him – how did he…!? 
He just laughs at me, my face making the admission even if I don’t confirm with words. 
“Seriously, Shrimpy, it can’t be that bad. You’re going to get through it! Don’t worry so 
much.” 
—-
I sigh, hanging my head back and leaning against him, more relieved than I thought I’d be that he guessed and I have someone to talk to about it. 
“I’m just…I have no idea how to handle this, Jess,” I murmur as we walk into the Hall. “You’re more experienced than me, how do you handle…” I glance again at Rafe, lowering my voice, “romance drama?” 
“Well, in my experience, you just gently dump them and move on the moment things start to get even remotely complicated,” Jesse says, his voice breezy. 
I gasp and gape, looking up at him. “Jesse!” I scold, aghast. 
“What!?” he says, grinning at me even as I shove him away. “I enjoy other people’s romantic drama, not my own. Plus, I said gently – 
24 
“I didn’t know you were a heartbreaker,” I growl, glaring at him. “And also! This advice does not apply to me!” 
“I know, you poor thing,” he murmurs, laughing at me a little. “None of my methods will suit you, you should probably just call your mom –” 
“We don’t even have phones, you idiot,” I groan, shoving him away from me further, disappointed that he is so nice to me but also so useless. My eyes scan the room, going first to our usual table and then into the room at large… 
But Luca’s not here yet. I let out a little huff of relief. 
Jesse smiles at me, kind, and pulls out my chair for me before going to sit next to Ben, deliberately leaving the seat next to me open. I glare at him, hoping he can read the word “traitor” all over my face.
He grins back at me, devious, as he accepts the coffee pot from the approaching waiter, murmuring his thanks. 
I scowl as Jesse pours coffee in the cups all around the table. The waiter delivers my plate of eggs and sausage and I do my best to lose myself in Rafe and Ben’s conversation about fighting techniques for smaller bodies, but I keep losing track of it and instead just concentrate on drinking cup after cup of coffee, trying to wake the hell up. 
“Better slow down on that, Shrimp,” a voice says above me. 
I jump, my eyes going wide as I turn my face up towards Luca, who smirks down at me before sinking into the chair next to me. 
“Save some for the rest of us,” he says, lifting the now–empty coffee carafe with a frown. 
I just gape at him, my breath coming short as I wait to see what the hell is going to happen 
next. 
“Hey, Luc!” Jesse calls from across the table, friendly. Ben and Rafe also smile at him, saying their goodmornings as Luca snags a fresh muffin from the basket, tossing it in the air once 
Chapter 53 
before taking a bite. 
“Morning, all,” Luca murmurs, dead casual as he catches the eye of a waiter and orders more coffee for the table. The waiter nods, walking briskly away as I just continue to stare. 
“So, Luca,” Jesse says, and my eyes whip to him as I hear the mischief in his voice. “Was your sleep any better last night? Any…bad dreams?”
+5 
I glare at my cousin, murder in my eyes. If I were closer and it wouldn’t absolutely blow my cover, I’d wring his neck. 
“Nah, I slept great,” Luca says, smiling warmly at Jesse and thanking the waiter, who comes back with the coffee pot. “Completely dreamless for once, which is a blessing. I feel amazing today.” 
“Good,” Jesse says, his eyebrows going up in surprise. 
I forget to draw breath as I just stare at Luca, aghast. 
What…what the hell is he playing at? 
Does he…really not remember what happened? 
Or is he just playing it off!? 
I’m still gaping at him when he turns to frown at me, looking me up and down. “Seriously, Shrimp,” he says, completely casual. “You’d better eat, we have like, fifteen minutes before class.” 
Slowly I turn back to my eggs, pushing them around with my fork, completely, completely baffled as to how Luca is this calm and collected when I am a wreck. 
My daze continues as Rafe walks me to my Marksmanship class, which begins at roughly the same time as the Warrior–track training. He made us leave breakfast a few minutes early so that he has time to walk me, so I don’t even have the opportunity to speak to Luca for a minute alone. 
 30 
All the way to class, Rafe babbles on about some kind of sporty nonsense – fighting techniques, how to throw a javelin, who the hell knows
and surprise about Luca’s reaction. 
as my mind just spins in shock 
+5 
I mean, yesterday, when he just suspected something was up, he was moody all day and basically had a meltdown at breakfast. But today, when he finds out my deepest secret, he’s completely cool? 
What the hell is going on? 
And why is my mate so complicated – why didn’t I get stuck with some nice simpleton – 
“Hey,” Rafe says, grabbing my sleeve. “Stop – we’re here.” 
I fall back a step, realizing I walked right past the classroom door. 
“Oh,” I say, my shoulders bunching in embarrassment. “I’m sorry.” 
“Are you all right?” he says, looking me over. “You had enough coffee at breakfast to fuel a rhinoceros 
you should be good. Is there anything I should be…worried about?” 
– 
“No,” I sigh, looking up at him and shaking my head, doing my best to will some energy back into my body. Who’s being moody now? “Seriously, Rafe, I just need to get more sleep tonight. I’m sorry – please don’t worry.” 
“All right,” he says, giving me a little smile and looking down the hall. “Good luck in there!” 
“Thanks!” I call as he starts away from me, clearly eager to get to his own class.
And then, with a big sigh, I push all of the Luca drama out of my brain and step into my Marksmanship classroom. 
“Oh,” I say, the word popping out of my mouth without my intending to say it. Because this it’s huge, more like a gym, except long and narrow instead of a wide rectangle. 
classroom 
– 
“Clark!” a loud voice says, not unfriendly, and my eyes move immediately to the man standing at the front of the room, the lines of his body locked into military precision. My eyebrows raise when I see that it’s the Captain. 
“Sir!” I say, hurrying across the room towards him. As I walk, my eyes flick to the two other students, both of whom I recognize from my Chemistry class yesterday. 
“Good,” he says, nodding me towards a spot next to the other two so that the three of us stand in a neat line. “Glad you’re all here.” 
My eyebrows go higher, if that’s possible, when I understand that he means that this is our entire class. Rafe and Jesse – they’re in huge classes, packed with cadets. 
Mine have all been tiny. 
The Captain smiles at me, just a little lift of his mouth. “Surprised?” 
“Just didn’t expect such individualized attention,” I respond, honest. 
“Yes, individualized is right,” the Captain says, looking at the other two young men before his eyes settle on me. “Considering that I picked the three of you by hand.”
And my breath suddenly catches as my eyes meet his because he looks at me with such… assurance. Like he knows everything about me. 
Can he, like Professor Alvez, have already guessed my secret? 
Have we fooled ourselves into thinking that we could really keep it from the people who run this school!?
###Chapter 54
Chapter 54 
But the Captain just smirks at me and turns his attention back to the group of us, beginning his lecture. 
“Espionage Track splits its chosen cadets further into specialties so that we can have a 
variety of agents trained for our nation’s particular needs. All of you will be trained by Dr. Neumann so that you can each handle the chemical tools that you’ll need to perform your jobs on the battlefield, wherever that may be. Some of the cadets in your track are spending their alternate days taking lessons with Ambassador–track students, so that we can have agents trained to go into political situations.” 
I dart my eyes towards the two young men standing next to me, wondering if they, too, are relieved to be spared those classes. I had enough political training as a Princess – I have no real urge to further study how to handle myself in government negotiations. 
No, I want to get to the good stuff. 
“Other cadets,” the Captain continues, his voice snapping my eyes back to him, “within Espionage track, are being trained in disciplines which are classified. Your discipline is likewise classified, so I would urge you to be close–lipped with your peers regarding what it is, precisely, that you learn in this class.” 
My eyes go a little wide with excitement, because a classified discipline? This, I think, is where it starts to get good. 
“I chose the three of you,” the Captain says, folding his arms, “because of your high marksmanship rankings combined with your excellent scores on the intelligence examination. And I get first pick of cadets, so you should see your position here as…elite.”
A little thrill of joy runs through me, because even if I was ninetieth through the door into the Academy? Clearly, the Captain wanted me here. 
“Come,” he says, turning sharply and marching towards the back of the room. The other two cadets and I follow immediately. I take a moment to glance up at them, noting the excitement on their faces as well. One of them, I’m surprised to see, is a blonde that I noticed on the first day of candidacy – tall and quiet with a jawline as sharp as a knife. The other is a dark–haired young man only a little taller than me, his face serious, perhaps a little taciturn. 
Though I’ve got no real reason to, I like them both immediately. 
But before I can consider them further, the Captain presses a button on the back wall. A metal partition begins to raise, tucking itself neatly against the ceiling above us like a garage door. And beyond it 
I gasp a little, unable to help it, at the incredible expanse of weapons that sit beyond it. 
“You three,” the Captain says, a distinct hint of pleasure in his voice, “are going to be trained as marksmen. Snipers, specifically, if we can get you there. But experts in long–rage projectiles of a variety of classes. You will each find your specialty as the course progresses.” 
I’m practically vibrating with excitement as I survey the collection of rifles, bows, crossbows, and even shoulder–mounted missile launchers that range before me, each of them top of the line and state–of– the–art. I mean, I’m not a gun nut or anything, but even I have to admit that this is insanely cool. 
“May I ask a question?” the blonde next to me asks, drawing my eyes to him now. 
“You’re encouraged to, Cadet Baumann” the Captain says, nodding to him. “We can be more casual here than we are elsewhere – I expect a distinct camaraderie to build within this group, presuming that you can indeed make it through the Examination.”
The blonde nods. “Is this…everything? All the weaponry at our disposal?” I smirk, because he sounds a little disappointed. 
The Captain laughs a little, clearly feeling as I do. “It is not,” he says, shaking his head. “There is a great deal more – this is simply what has been made available as preliminary weaponry for the course. Is there something in particular that you’d like to see?” 
“At home,” he says, folding his arms over his chest, “I trained a little in drone strike technology. I would be…interested to continue those studies.” 
“We’ll see what we can do,” the Captain replies, his eyebrows raised, “provided you prove adequate with this,” he nods now towards the weapons behind him. 
weapons and 
The cadet nods and the Captain moves on, going through each of the explaining what it is, how it’s going to be used. And then he hands each of us a bow, explaining that we’ll be moving from oldest to newest technologies, hoping to master each 
over the course of the next few months and, in doing so, revealing where our particular aptitudes lay. 
I’m grinning with excitement by the time that the Captain hands me my bow, offering a quiver of arrows that I sling over my shoulder. 
“Do any of you have experience with archery?” The Captain asks. 
“I do!” I quip, cheerful, but I grimace a little when I realize that I’m the only one who spoke. The other two glare at me a little, perhaps resenting my leg–up. The marksmanship test we took as candidates, after all, only measured our expertise with guns.
“Um,” I say, retracting my excitement just a bit. “Just…some target practice at summer camp,” I lie. Because I have that, but also a few years of private tutoring. Jesse and Rafe got hand–to–hand combat lessons which dad decided were too rough for me, so mom? She hired a world–class archer to teach me this more “delicate” sport. 
The Captain smirks at me, clearly seeing through my lie, but he gestures towards the range of targets at the far end of the room. Humans, I know, would struggle to make out the details that far down the room, but our wolf eyesight has no trouble making out the bullseye at the center of each. 
The three of us line up at the red line painted across the floor, paying close attention to the Captain as he gives us all a brief introduction to the bow and basic instructions on how to fire it. I listen closely even if I don’t need it, wanting to soak up every bit of instruction available to me. 
Because I am quite determined to do well in this course, and I suspect that it – like our Chemistry exam – has cuts at the end of term. Cuts which I’m going to do everything in my power to avoid. 
We start shooting as the Captain stands aside as watches us from behind. My muscles sigh happily as I step into the familiar stance and draw the bow. The string pulls back easily on the unfamiliar compound weapon I trained on recurve, which requires more strength. But I take aim and let my first arrow fly, following it up with three more as I get used to the feel of the weapon. 
– 
All four of my shots hit the target, though none of them come close to the bullseye. I’m frowning, disappointed, until I glance over at the other targets and see that…none of the 
other two made any of their shots.
“Retrieve,” the Captain orders, calm, and I sling my bow over my shoulder before starting the long trek to the target, even though there are more arrows already in my quiver. Still, it’s nice to have a clean target as well as an opportunity to talk to my fellow cadets. 
– 
“I’m Ari,” I whisper as the three of us walk side–by–side. 
“I’m jealous,” the small dark–haired cadet says, shooting me a little glare, though I can tell by the way that his lips curl up that there’s not an ounce of malice behind his words. “Tell the truth – did you grow up doing this?”
###Chapter 55
Chapter 55 
I shrug a little, letting him see through my summer camp lic. He just laughs, shaking his head as we draw close to our targets. 
“Bullshit, if you ask me,” the tall blonde says, sighing as he gathers his arrows off the floor and I pull mine from the target’s body. “We’re forced to embarrass ourselves on the first day just because we haven’t trained in an antiquated form of weaponry? I mean honestly, who even uses archery anymore on the battlefield?” 
“I don’t know,” I say, popping my arrows into my quiver as we turn around and start back. “I see the logic in being able to handle all weapons.” 
The blonde shrugs, conceding the point but clearly expressing that he’s still not happy with it. “I’m David, by the way,” he murmurs. 
“And I’m Hai,” the other says, nodding to both of us. 
I smile at them, but we’re all lost in our thoughts about how to improve as we make our way back to the line. 
“Again,” says the Captain, nodding. We all get into our stances and raise arrows to bowstrings, ready to fire. 
The Captain has us going for hours, until my arms ache from drawing my bow. As we fire round after round, he works with each of us, giving more basic pointers to the other two and working with me to refine my shot. By the end, I hit the bullseye with consistency, and I can’t keep the smile from my face. 
At the end of our four–hour class, the Captain tells us to return our bows, his face blank. We do as he says as he gives us instructions for how and when to practice, letting us know that this gym will be
available to us twenty–four hours a day and suggesting that we make use of it. My smile deepens at the prospect – I like marksmanship, always have. The idea of having this be my homework, when I get sick of Chemistry? 
God, does that sound like a relief. 
As we finish hanging our bows the Captain tells us we’re dismissed and we troop for the 
Chapter 55 
door, me going last as I stack my arrows neatly in the quiver, probably being more picky than I need to be. 
As I turn towards the door, I’m surprised to hear the Captain’s voice call to me lightly. 
“I’ve got quite literal money on you this year, Clark,” he says, leaning against the wall and giving me a little smirk. “Don’t make me regret it. I don’t like to lose.” 
“Really?” I ask, turning to him with wide eyes. 
“Surprised?” he asks, quirking an eyebrow. 
“By the fact that you’ve bet on me, or by the fact that the professors actively gamble on the success of their students?” The words fall from my lips before I have time to consider them, but to my relief the Captain just laughs, pleased. 
“Not with the other professors,” he says quietly. “With some old friends who have a stake in the Academy itself. Though I do admit,” he says, cocking his head a little, “I was surprised when your Uncle
Roger didn’t take the opportunity to bet on his own nephew. Didn’t comment at all when he saw your name on the list of Marksman cadets.” 
I do my very best to keep all emotion off my face as the Captain studies me, and I wonder again how much he knows. 
The result is that I awkwardly stand stock still in front of him, saying nothing for far too long. The Captain just grins, shaking his head and laughing as he lifts his chin towards the door. “Get out of here, Cadet. Good work today – keep it up. Don’t embarrass me.” 
I nod, eager, and head out. 
Because even if the Captain knows my secret, or is starting to suspect? He’s clearly not pushing me to reveal anything. 
I hurry out of the classroom and down the hall. I have an empty afternoon next, so that I can study for our Chemistry class tomorrow, and I’m on strict orders to head directly back to the rooms with no pit stops. Rafe, predictably, flipped out about the idea that I’d be walking through the castle by myself, but even Jesse had taken my side and told him he was going a bit overboard with the protective stuff. 
I’m a cadet, after all. If I can’t even survive walking from the classroom to the dorm, what chance do I have on the battlefield? 
I consider that, a little, as I head for the brass elevator at the end of the hall, climbing in and pressing the button for the dormitory floor. Because today, in Marksmanship, I considered for the first time – perhaps naively that we really are being trained for combat. 
–
I don’t know why I hadn’t really thought about it before – perhaps I’m just na?ve but…I don’t know. Something about running obstacle courses and getting class schedules and learning the chemical makeup of poisons had made it seem…theoretical. Part of a game, and a class, rather than preparation for the real world. 
But today, shooting real weapons? 
I don’t know – something about it made me really realize that…I’m being trained as a weapon myself. And that I’m going to be asked to kill people. 
Especially if I become a sniper, as the school clearly hopes I will be. Am I prepared for this? For the reality of looking down a scope at a human being, and pulling the trigger? 
A shiver runs through me as I consider it, and honestly I don’t know what the answer is to that question. I gnaw on my lower lip, troubled by it, as I cross the hall and head up the winding stairs to our top floor, still completely distracted as I work the key in our door and push into our room. 
The only thing that breaks me out of my reverie is the…silence. 
– 
I look up and around the room suddenly, and realize that actually for the first time in weeks I am… completely alone. Like completely alone not just in absence of my brother and my cousin, but by myself. 
And a grin takes my face, even despite my troubled thoughts. 
I push the door shut and lean back against it, heaving a long sigh. I’ll talk to Rafe later, I decide, about my bigger questions of what it means to be part of a military organization at
war. 
Because right now, for a few minutes? I am going to just be alone. 
+5 
I immediately indulge, whipping my hat from my head and then stripping my shirt off, dropping it onto the floor before working at the clasp of my pants, stepping out of them as I walk towards the couch in my stupid boys underwear and the chest–flattening sports bra Daphne made me, my hands already unbraiding my hair so that I can run my fingers luxuriously against my scalp. 
I sigh, collapsing onto the couch, my mind flashing – just a second hands felt in my hair, however briefly they touched it. But then I scowl at myself, and sigh, – to the way that Luca’s and will my mind to turn elsewhere, desperate to think of something else. 
Because Luca – he’s being so weird. I mean, at least he didn’t blow my secret at breakfast, but what the hell is he doing, pretending it never happened? 
I mean, is it possible? That he…actually forgets? We forget dreams all the time, but the dream state… it’s different, right? I, for one, remember everything. 
But it was my dream – Alphas, they’re just the guest stars. Could he really have forgotten… 
– – 
I groan, and shake my head, realizing that I’ll never know. 
But that tonight, it’s my turn to corner him and make demands of my own. I absolutely need to know what he knows, and what he’s got planned if, indeed, he has figured out the secret that I’m a girl. 
And not just a girl – the nation’s Princess, and his mate.
###Chapter 56
Chapter 56 
I lounge for a good ten minutes in perfect comfort, letting my mind turn where it will, brushing my fingers through my hair and wishing for a proper brush instead of the scanty little combs that the Academy provides to its boys, who apparently have no real need for hair care. 
I’m passively wondering if there’s some way to requisition’a proper brush when suddenly the little bell on the dumbwaiter rings. Eager, a little excited, I jump up and scurry over to it, delighted when I open the door to find a little plated lunch waiting for me – just a sandwich and a glass of apple juice, but still. 
I mean, it’s not a power bar, right? 
I whisper my thank–you to the dumbwaiter, which I realize is stupid even as I do it, pressing the door shut with my shoulder as I carry my food over to my nook. There, I climb into bed with it, digging into my sandwich as I simultaneously open my Chemistry book, getting started where I left off this morning. 
The material is fascinating to me, thank goodness. I mean, I’ve studied chemistry before, but as I work my way through our assigned chapters I realize that this text has been specifically designed for precisely the kind of chemical study that an assassin might need. I frown for a moment but am ultimately unsurprised when I flip to the front of the book, looking for the author’s name. 
I find it, immediately under the title. Dr. Francis Neumann. I laugh, shaking my head – of course he wrote it, just for us. 
The next few hours pass easily as I sink into the text, eagerly consuming the information and taking notes that I hope will be useful for review tomorrow morning. As I read I rebraid my hair on my head, gathering my discarded clothes and putting them back on after a trip to the bathroom to take a hasty shower and get cleaned up. Because as much as I’m enjoying my alone time, I am aware that my brother and my cousin are going to come back eventually, probably with Ben and Luca in tow.
And even though I suspect that all of the boys know my secret now… 
Well, it’s not going to be good to get caught in my underwear, is it? 
So towards the end of my study hall I pull my cap back onto my head and tuck myself beneath by blankets fully dressed, wanting to be cozy and warm while I have the chance, as Rafe’s probably going to make me go work out in some cold gym. 
The plan backfires, unfortunately, and I get a little too cozy. 
So cozy that my eyes start to drift shut bit by bit, my exhaustion from yesterday catching up with my sleepness night, which combines with the fascinating but difficult information in the book. 
Eventually I stop fighting it, letting my eyes close and my head drift back onto my pillow, promising myself…just a moment to rest my eyes… 
Aaaand I fall in to a deep, consuming, dreamless snooze that lasts way, way longer than five 
minutes. 
The next thing I know, something is gently drawing a line down my cheek… 
I breathe in a deep breath, my eyelids slowly lifting, and I turn towards whatever is touching me, confused 
My eyes focus, a little, on a hand that pulls away from me, tucking itself into the pocket of a pair of black pants. 
“Time to get up, Shrimp,” the voice says, and my eyes widen. “You were really out.” 
I stare, and then startle, and then sit up dead straight to stare up into Luca’s face, my mouth slightly open.
What what the hell is Luca doing here during my study break!? Why 
– 
But then I glance past him, seeing that the room is bizarrely full 
– 
– 
Rafe and Jesse, sitting on their armchairs, talking easily about their workouts that day. Ben sitting on the floor, cushions spread out around him, leaning back on his hands, laughing at something Jesse said… 
What…what the… 
“It’s almost dinner time.” Luca says, laughing a little. “Seriously, that was one hell of a nap.” 
“Luca,” I whisper, looking up at him, my eyes suddenly full of pleading. Because I want nothing more than to know that it’s okay between us that he forgives me for the secrets I had to keep from him. 
But Luca – either he doesn’t notice the question in my eyes or he ignores it. Because he just shrugs and turns back to the room. “Come on,” he calls back to me, heading for his corner of the couch. “Let’s eat.” 
I just stare as I watch him – because this was our moment. No one was going to notice if we had a private chat for a few seconds – 
But Luca, he walked away like…like he doesn’t want to have that chat. 
Or doesn’t know we need it? I groan a tiny little groan, putting my face in my hands for a second, trying to deal with my frustration even as I simultaneously try to wake up.
“Are you okay, Ari?” Rafe says as Luca falls gracefully onto the sofa, grabbing a book out of his bag as he stretches out his legs, taking up nearly the entire length. “We had a consultation about whether or not to wake you a fairly loud consultation – and when you slept through it Jesse persuaded me to let you out of workout tonight and let you rest.” 
— 
“You’re a prince, Jesse,” I call to him, my words muffled against my palms. 
– 
“Duke,” he corrects, standing and heading for the dumbwaiter when the bell sounds again. 
Seriously? How can it be time for dinner, when I just ate… 
But when my stomach grumbles, I realize that I must have slept much, much more than I thought. 
I get up, stretching myself before heading to my corner of the couch, but when I get there… Luca doesn’t move his feet. 
“Luca,” I say, swatting the toe of his boot with my hand. “One, boots off the furniture.” 
He smirks, but doesn’t look up at me. 
Chapa 
“And two,” I continue, putting my hands on my hips. “Move! You’re in my spot.” 
– 
“Sorry, Shrimp,” he murmurs, turning his page, his eyes fastened to his text. “You’ll have to find a new space we’re having a studious dinner tonight, and I need to lounge while I study. Otherwise the info
doesn’t stick.” He taps his temple with his finger, letting me see precisely where he wants the info to go. 
My jaw drops. “Luca!” I say, swatting him again. “This is my room! My furniture!” 
“And you,” he says, looking up at me now with a little smirk on his lips, “have an entire nook to yourself, complete with bed and desk! I would suggest you make use of your surplus of study spots and leave me to the paltry couch!” 
I just stare at him, realizing, quite suddenly that… 
That Luca is icing me out. 
That he doesn’t give a shit about studying that he’s actively refusing to talk to me. 
As Luca sees me put the pieces together, his smirk 
grows. 
Oh my god, I say internally, glaring at him. You are so god damn petty. 
He grins, shaking his head almost like he understood my words through my expression, dropping his head again to his book. 
Punishment! I can almost hear him saying, every smug line in his body confirming it. You’re withholding secrets from me for weeks? Time for a taste of your own medicine. 
I scoff, bitter, but storm away, climbing back into my bed and pulling my chemistry book into my lap, so angry that I could spit. I mean, seriously? He wants to play games now!? 
Fine. Fine. If Luca wants to be petty, then two can play at this game. I seethe, attempting to concentrate on my textbook, blocking out all sound and distraction from the outside world. I scribble
furiously in my notebook, not truly processing the information, but not caring because I’m so livid at my stupid mate that I can’t even 
A plate appears in front of me, wrapped knife and fork perched neatly on its side. 
4/5 
Chapter 56 
+5 
“Oh,” I say, and then I laugh at myself for being surprised. I mean, obviously I knew dinner was coming, I heard the dumbwaiter and saw Jesse get up to receive it. “Thanks,” I murmur, lifting my eyes to show my gratitude to whoever… 
But I freeze immediately, completely shocked to see my mate holding the plate out to me. 
But not Luca. 
The other one.
###Chapter 57
Chapter 57 
“Sorry,” Jackson says, frowning a little at me as he continues to hold the plate out, his own dinner plate in his hand. “You…said to come for dinner. Should I…not have come?” 
“N–no,” I stammer, taking the plate from him and shaking my head. “Of course, Jackson. Forgive me…I just….lost track of time.” 
He shrugs, the corner of his lip turning up. “Happens to the best of us. So…” he says, straightening up and holding his plate with two hands, glancing over his shoulder at the packed room. “Where should we…” 
I look with him, a little surprised to see all four of the usually chatty boys eating quietly, bent over their own textbooks. And then I scowl, realizing that there’s absolutely no room for Jackson and I to comfortably sit. 
“Best plan,” Luca offers, glancing up towards us, “is probably just to settle yourself into the Shrimp Nook. Plenty of room in there.” 
Rafe snaps his head up, scowling at Luca, and I clench my own teeth. 
Because Luca – he doesn’t know just how far he’s pushing his “I don’t care” attitude. He’s trying to embarrass me, but if he knew precisely who he was inviting to sit in my bed with me? He’d flip out. 
Luca just smirks, unable to hide it as he focuses on his book. 
Jackson turns to me, raising an eyebrow. 
But I just sigh and gesture at the other half of my bed, inviting Jackson to take a seat.
As he does, my wolf yips with happiness, pouncing excitedly in my soul. Close the curtain!, she urges, nearly delirious at the smell of Jackson so close in our personal space, see if you can get him to take off his shirt! 
I grown inwardly, trying to shove her away, but she just ignores me, continuing to spin. 
Rafe clears his throat and my eyes dart immediately to him as he glares at me. But I just 
1/5 
sigh, and shrug, and look meaningfully at the curtain, which is wide open. 
His glare intensifies but I roll my eyes. Because honestly, even if Jackson is my mate and is technically on my bed, what the hell does Rafe think is going to happen with the curtain open and an audience of four spread directly in front of us? 
Lots can happen! My wolf unhelpfully provides. Just, see if you can get Jackson to slip under the covers with us… 
“So,” Jackson says, turning towards me as he unrolls his fork and knife from his napkin and settles his plate on his knee. “Where do we…start?” 
I stare at him for a long moment, completely blank as he twines egg noodles onto his fork before stabbing a meatball, lifting both to his mouth. I can’t help it when my eyes drift to the way his biceps swell, even the muscles of his forearm defined as he moves… 
It’s only when he starts chewing and frowns at my elongated silence before I that out of my reverie – 
God, why is he so gorgeous even when he’s just eating?
I force myself to concentrate, to remember what he’s here for. “Oh, um,” I say, suddenly turning towards my bedside table and looking for the marble. Jackson’s hand snaps out, catching the edge of my plate before it falls from my lap. 
“Careful,” he murmurs. 
“Thanks,” I reply, stretching behind me and grabbing the marble, setting it between us when I sit back up straight. 
“Alvez said…an hour,” Jackson murmurs, looking down at the marble. “Are you comfortable?” 
I sigh, looking at the scattered remains of my bed, and my pillows, and my chemistry book, and my 
dinner. And then I get to work, shoving a forkful of food into my mouth before straightening pillows, closing my books, and pulling myself on top of my blankets. I take another bite of my dinner before putting the plate on my bedside table and finally placing the marble on top of my chemistry book, which I’ve placed before us. 
When I turn to Jackson, swallowing my food, I’m shocked to find a little grin on his mouth. 
“What?” I ask, confused. 
“You’re just…funny,” he murmurs, dropping his eyes a little bit. I frown, staring at the strong lines of his profile – his straight nose, his square jaw, the shaggy brown hair that he’s tucked behind his car. I blink only when he clears his throat, raising his eyes to the marble. “Ready?” he asks. 
I, too, shift so that I can focus on the marble, though I admit that my gaze drifts up to where Rafe is scowling in his chair and Luca looks completely unperturbed, reading his text like it’s the most fascinating thing that’s ever presented itself, ignoring me completely.
“Ready,” I say, holding out my hand to Jackson. When he doesn’t take it, I turn to him, surprised – because…I mean, Alvez said we had to have body contact to do this… 
Jackson lifts his eyes from my hand to meet my gaze. “I mean,” he says, soft enough to not be overheard, “what if the…thing happens.” 
I blush, suddenly, to hear him address the connection between us. Because even though I know we’re both aware of it, this is the first time either of us has acknowledged it. 
I stare at him for a second and then shrug. “Maybe it will help,” I whisper back, dropping my hand to the blanket between us but still keeping it palm up. “I mean, isn’t that what Alvez was saying? That magic calls to magic? Maybe that…thing…is just our magic trying to talk to each other.” 
Jackson keeps his eyes on mine, though his narrow a bit. Then he glances, just for half a second at everyone else in the room. “But why,” he says, frustration on the edge of his voice, “does your magic call to mine? Or vice versa? Or…whatever…” 
And guilt floods me then, because I know the answer to that question. 
And I’m deliberately keeping it from him. 
My wolf howls inside me, begging me to just tell him, to let him smell my scent, to let him 
in on it. 
But I just…I just can’t. There’s still way too much at stake. 
“I don’t know, Jackson,” I whisper, and the frustration with which he sighs lets me know that he’s well aware that I’m lying. He doesn’t know what, but he knows I’m keeping something. from him. He turns his eyes away from me, focusing on the marble.
“Fine, whatever,” he murmurs, “Let’s just…do this.” 
“Jackson,” I say again, pleading in my voice. But before I can say more, Jackson just reaches. out his hand and grabs mine, our palms pressing flat together, his fingers folding around mine in a way that just…hums, filling me with warm vibrations. 
I have to catch my breath that the swell of warmth that floods my body as the magic again. pulses between us, as it always does when my hands touch him. My eyes instantly dart to the room as Rafe and Jesse look up – not towards me, 
me, towards us, but past them whatever force Jackson and I created brushed by them like a ghost, dragging its fingers. across their skin. 
as if 
Jackson’s hand tightens and I look up at him to see that his face is tense. He shakes his head at me, confused and angry about it. But I just sigh, and tighten my fingers too, and turn my attention back to the marble. 
“Come on,” I say, feeling guilty and overwhelmed, still buzzing with the warmth of him flooding through me. “Let’s try to…float this damn marble.” 
“Whatever you say,” he replies, his shoulders slumping as he rests his chin in his other palm, likewise staring at the little ball of glass. 
Half an hour passes. 
Nothing happens.
I still feel the heat passing between us, just in the same way that it did when I held Tony’s hand in class. There is something about our magic that calls to each other, I can definitely feel it, but as for manifesting anything? For making anything happen at all? 
Zip. 
“Are you trying?” I whisper, spinning my head to him. 
“Trying to what?” he replies, his voice equally soft, glaring at me a little. 
“To lift it!” 
“Well how the hell am I supposed to do that!” he says, frowning at me, lifting his face from his hand. 
“I don’t know!” I reply in a rush, exasperated. “I’m trying!” 
“Trying to do what?” 
“To lift the marble into the air!” 
“With like, your mind?” he asks, shaking his head at me. “Clark, that’s a waste of time.” 
I stare at my mate, shocked. Is he finally showing his true colors to me? Is this the side of him that Luca sees? 
Was I just so blinded by his handsome face that I didn’t see it before?
###Chapter 58
Chapter 58 
“It’s not a waste of time,” I counter, glaring at Jackson. “It’s the assignment.” 
“The assignment was to get the marble to do something. If your powers aren’t telekinesis, why would you try to lift it?” 
I stare at him, confused. “Well, how do you know my powers aren’t telekinesis?” 
He smirks a little. “Because if they were, you’d probably have lifted the marble by now.” 
I blink at him, half baffled by his logic and half…well, half persuaded. I turn back to the marble, which hasn’t moved an inch. 
“Maybe you’re right,” I murmur. “Tony wasn’t able to move the marble because his magic has nothing to do with lifting marbles.” 
“Alvez is just spinning his wheels, having us all take shots in the dark, hoping we turn something up. Next week he’ll have us trying to do something else.” 
“Well, that sucks,” I sigh, slumping a little. “I really wanted to make it float.” 
There’s a long silence between us as I scowl at the marble, my hand pressed to his, wondering what the hell I’m supposed to do next. 
“Wait, really?” Jackson softly asks. 
I turn to him, confused. 
He stares at me, and despite any efforts to concentrate on the assignment I find myself again a little lost in the dark blue of his eyes. Such a rare color – I lean a little closer, trying to see the details of it.
“You want to float the marble?” Jackson says softly, his hand tightening just incrementally around mine. “That’s what you’d pick, of all the possible magical gifts you could have?” 
I turn my head to the side, considering it. “Well, I mean, it wouldn’t be a bad one…” I murmur, and then I smile softly. “But you’re right. I guess that I don’t want to float the 
We 
Chapter 50 
marble.” 
He smiles too. “Well then. Mission successfully completed,” Jackson says, turning back to the marble. “A+ on this one, candidate Clark, if that’s the new goal.” 
I laugh a little, still studying his face. “What would you pick?” I ask. 
He shrugs a little. “Don’t know,” he murmurs, “Never thought about it. You?” 
I bite my lip, because I mean…I have thought about it. We’ve known about our potential gifts since we were teens. I’d bet that Rafe and Jesse have also spent a couple of idle hours wondering what they will be. 
“I think I’d want something useful,” I sigh, and he turns his face back to me, interested. “I mean…well, I’m not really supposed to tell you this,” I say, grimacing a little and deciding to do it anyway, especially as my wolf prods me with her nose, urging me to trust my mate. “But my aunt Ella – she can heal people. Like really heal them – that’s her magic. She accesses her gift and their wounds just knit together.” I snap, emphasizing my point. 
“That’s amazing,” Jackson says, his eyebrows going up. “So, that’s what you’d pick?”
I sigh and he grins at me. 
“Well, I should pick that,” I say, tilting my head and looking at him with a little bit of guilt. “It could help so many people. But…I mean, if I’m really telling the truth? I’d want something cool. Like flying. Or talking to animals.” 
Jackson laughs openly at this, and from the corner of my eye I see Luca turn his head towards us, frowning. 
“You want to talk to animals?” Jackson repeats, shaking his head like he clearly does not see why that is as cool as I think it is. 
“It would be awesome!” I insist, squeezing his hand, willing him to believe me. “Like, even beyond just having chats with your pets, you could persuade an army of bees to attack people! Or, during a famine, you could persuade all the fish into the sea to jump into a net 
“That’s cruel,” Jackson says, shaking his head at me, “you can’t use your powers to convince 
2/6 
Chapter 58 
an animal to sacrifice itself.” 
My mouth twists a little. “You’re right. I would only use my powers for good.” 
Jackson smirks at me before peering around the edge of the curtain, looking for the window. “So, do you want to go outside? Try to…talk to a bird or something?” 
I laugh now and Jackson turns back to me, surprise and delight suddenly on his face. And my smile deepens as I study him, because I’ve just realized that…he probably doesn’t make people laugh very
often, does he? 
And he quite distinctly enjoyed the experience. 
“No,” I say, still smiling at him. “Let’s just…save that for another time. Maybe we can try to… explode the marble a little bit. See if one of us is a blower–upper?” 
“Be my guest,” Jackson says, gesturing towards the marble. 
“Hey,” Luca calls from the couch, drawing both of our gaze to him. “How much longer is this little homework session going to last? Getting a little…loud. Over there.” 
Jesse, his eyes still on his book, smirks at Luca’s clear jealousy. 
“Fifteen more minutes,” Jackson calls back. Luca narrows his eyes but turns back to his homework. 
“I mean,” Jackson murmurs, leaning close to whisper in my ear, “if you want to refocus the exploding attempt on a new target, the couch would also be…fine…” 
I burst out laughing at this, slapping a hand over my mouth to muffle the sound so Luca doesn’t know how hard Jackson has made me laugh, but also because I remember what Ben said about me laughing like a girl. 
When I look back at Jackson, I see he’s doing his best to suppress a smile. 
“All right,” I say, straightening my shoulders and focusing again on the marble. “Let’s try again.” 
We spend about ten minutes sitting in silence then, with me focusing hard, Jackson’s hand 
3/6 
Chapter 58
tight in my own. As we go, heat wells in my body, building and building. I’m fascinated by it, especially by the comparison with Tony’s magic, which cooled me down. 
But no matter what I do…nothing happens to the marble. 
I’m trying a new tactic – attempting to transform the marble into something else, rather than move or destroy it – when Jackson startles me a little by speaking again. 
“Hey, is she…is she okay?” Jackson whispers. 
I almost let go of his hand, spinning my head towards him. 
“What?” My word is nothing more than a puff of breath. 
“My mate,” he says, studying my eyes seriously. 
I just stare at him. 
and I 
“Please,” Jackson says, all earnest honesty. “I know we got off to a bad, weird start really am sorry for that. But I know you remember that first night, out by the pool. My mate – she’s around somewhere, I keep catching whiffs of her all over this castle and campus. But I can’t figure out for the life of me what’s going on. But,” his brows draw together now as he frowns at me, “I know you know something, Clark. I know this is somehow connected to you.” 
I begin to lean away, a little afraid, and he clicks his tongue, sighing and leaning closer to me, keeping our intimate distance the same. 
“Please,” he murmurs, “I’m sorry – I don’t – I’m not very aware of like, when I’m being intimidating or whatever. I’m not trying to…” he hesitates, at a loss for words, and I exhale an unsteady breath, sitting
back up straight. 
“I am not trying to…do anything, Clark,” Jackson says, still peering at me, almost unblinking. “It’s just… god, she’s my mate!” His voice cracks a little, breaking my heart. “You don’t have to tell me anything,” he insists, shaking his head. “But…if you know something…….. just….is she okay?” 
“Jackson,” I sigh, my wolf nipping at me, her whole body pressed against my heart, urging me to tell him everything, to let him off the hook he’s clearly hanging from by the tips of 
4/6 
his fingers. “Jackson, she’s fine, all right?” 
He exhales a huge breath then, staring at me in both disbelief and relief at once. 
“She’s okay,” I insist, nodding carnestly to him. “Just…that’s all I can say, all right? There’s… reasons for it. But I promise you that she’s fine, that you don’t have to worry about her.” 
“Well of course I’m going to worry about her,” he snaps, his brows knitting together again. 
And despite myself I laugh, just a little bit. “But you don’t need to. She’s cared for – I promise. In good hands.” 
Jackson takes a deep breath, and as he exhales it he tilts his head back and closes his eyes, a whole well of tension I didn’t realize he was holding leaving his muscles in a rush. 
And as the tension goes, I am suddenly flooded with warmth. So much so that I gasp aloud, and drop his hand, and almost yelp a little bit, skittering away from him across the bed. 
“What?” he gasps, snapping his face back to me. “What, Clark!?” 
But I just stare at him, shocked, the warmth still rushing through me, though it’s starting to fade now.
“Whoa,” a voice says from the room beyond my nook, and both Jackson and I turn our heads to see Jesse staring at my bed. 
My eyes move immediately to the marble on my chemistry book and I gasp again. 
“Hoooooly shit,” Jackson murmurs, leaning forward to stare. 
– 
Because the marble it melted. Completely melted into a little puddle of glass that is now again hardening against the ruined cover of my textbook.
###Chapter 59
Chapter 59 
“Well,” Jackson whispers, half to himself, “I guess we don’t need to go outside anymore to try to talk to any birds.” 
“Not unless we want them to melt,” I say, grabbing my knife off of my dinner plate and leaning forward to prod at the glass. 
There’s a tiny moment of silence before Jackson bursts out laughing, but before I figure out what’s so funny, the four other boys in the room come to stand at the edge of my bed, staring down at the glassy puddle that was a marble a few seconds ago. 
“What the…fuck is going on here?” Ben asks, looking between the marble and me and Jackson. “What kind of weird–ass homework is this?” 
“Seriously,” Luca says, crossing his arms and frowning. “You guys just hold hands for an hour and then…” he shakes his head, baffled, “I mean, I don’t even have an ending to that sentence. What is going on here?” 
“None of your business,” Jackson says, gruff again as he starts to get up from the bed. I snap my head to him, realizing that while he’s fine with me, he is not okay talking about this with the four other young men in the room. “I think that successfully concludes the homework, Clark. See you in class tomorrow.” 
“Wait,” I say, leaning towards him, wanting to talk to him about this more – to figure out what the hell just happened. “Jackson, stay –“ 
“It’s late!” he calls, standing to his full height and striding for the door. “I’ve got Warrior track homework too, need to finish it up before morning.”
“Jackson!” I call again, a little angry now. Rafe grabs for my arm as I push myself up out of the bed, but I just glare at him, moving away and chasing Jackson out the door. 
Jackson’s already halfway down the hall on his long legs by the time I pull the door shut behind me, wanting a little privacy. He pauses, though, and turns when he hears me shout his name again as I run down the hall towards him. 
“I’m not going to tell them!” I say, gesturing down the hall towards the room. “Ben and 
Chapter 59 
Luca? I’m not going to tell them anything – I would never – 
“Tell them whatever you want, Clark,” Jackson says with a shrug, “it’s your magic.” 
+5 
“Alvez said to keep it between us – maybe it was a mistake to even try to do the homework with them in the room…” my words fade off as I frown at Jackson, taking in the meaning of his words. “Wait,” I say softly. “What do you mean it’s my magic?” 
Jackson scowls, looking down the hallway at the stairs, clearly aggravated with himself and wanting to get away. 
“Tell me!” I insist, the word squeezing between my teeth as I reach out a hand and smack him on the chest. 
But, perhaps unluckily, that little pulse pounds between us when I do. 
“Tell you?” Jackson snaps, knocking my hand away so that I’m not touching him anymore. “Tell you when you won’t tell me –”
“I did tell you something today!” I protest, whipping a finger up and pointing it into his face. “And don’t try to pretend that I didn’t! You asked me if she was okay and I told you!” 
“Doesn’t mean you’re not still keeping secrets,” he hisses, glowering down over me. 
“Don’t throw that in my face,” I snap, narrowing my eyes at him. “I have been fair, as much as I am able. You owe me this – if you are insisting that that was my magic in there, I have a right to that proof. So tell me!” 
Jackson grits his teeth, turning to glare towards the stairs, clearly torn. 
But suddenly, I don’t need an explanation as the pieces snap together in my mind. “Oh my god,” I murmur, my hand falling to my side. “You know that it’s my magic because…it’s not yours. You already know what yours is.” 
Jackson sighs, his eyes closing as his head drops. And he looks so defeated, suddenly, that I have the impulse to reach out and comfort him. I stop myself, though, remembering that pulse. Not wanting to remind him, again, of this thing between us. 
I stand for a long moment, waiting for him, and slowly Jackson raises his head, opening his 
2/5 
Chapter 59 
eyes. He glances quickly towards the door to my room, still closed, before looking at me with a serious gravity in his expression. “I need you to promise not to tell anyone,” he says softly, looking at me with such pleading in his eyes that I can hardly bear it. 
“Jackson,” I respond, staring up at him, meaning every word, “I promise. Never, not Alvez, not Jesse, not Rafe – nobody.”
“And not fucking Grant?” he growls, his expression suddenly harsh. 
And something about it…I don’t know. I can’t help the grin that twists my lips. “Especially not Grant,” I promise with a steady nod. 
“Fine,” he sighs, standing straight and running a hand through his hair. “Then yes, we know that that’s your magic because it’s not mine.” 
“And?” I say, raising an eyebrow at him as I cross my arms over my chest. “Yours is?” 
Light floods down the hall as the door to my room opens and Rafe pops his head out. He’s frowning, of course. 
“Too long a story to tell before Rafe Sinclair storms down this hallway,” Jackson murmurs, making me smirk. 
I sigh, shaking my head at him. 
“Look, I’ll tell you, all right?” Jackson promises, turning towards the stairs. “Just…later. When there’s more time.” 
“Okay,” I say, nodding to him, hoping that he does. 
Not because I particularly need to know but because… 
Well, because I want Jackson to have someone he trusts, someone he tells his secrets to. 
And, perhaps selfishy, or maybe naturally…I want that 
naturally…I want that person to be me. 
“Fine,” he says, starting to stride away.
I scoff a little, shaking my head as he goes. “Goodnight, Jackson!” I call after him, annoyed. 
3/5 
Chapter 59 
He turns to me. “What?” 
“Goodnight?” I reply, raising my eyebrows at him wryly. “You know, the thing people say to each other when they part for the evening?” 
He stares at me for a long second and then laughs, turning again and continuing towards the stairs. “Whatever, Clark. Goodnight, if it’s so important to you.” 
“It’s just polite,” I insist. 
“Ari,” he says, a shiver running down my spine at the way he says my name, his voice cool and rich and low. He turns and walks backwards away from me, a little smirk on his lips, “when did I ever give you the impression that I was polite?” 
I can’t help the grin that spreads all the way across my face as I bite my lip, watching him walk away. 
I’m so completely distracted by the sight of his tall frame starting down the stairs, the way his shoulders move, curling in slightly as he retreats back into his own lonely world, that I jump a little when Rafe’s hand wraps around my arm. 
“Come on,” he murmurs, his voice exhausted. “You can moon over your mate in the safety and warmth of our room.” 
“Ew, Rafe!” I gasp, trying to tug my arm away from him and failing. Rafe just rolls his eyes at me, dragging me back.
“Whatever, Ari, if I was ten seconds later you’d have been chasing him down the stairs.” 
“I would not!” 
But when Rafe snaps his eyes back to me, his expression exhausted, I have to laugh. 
Because…well, maybe because he’s just a little bit right. 
Luca’s moody when Rafe and I come back into the room, and as Rafe presses the door shut behind us, I don’t miss the fact that Luca has curled his legs up, leaving half the couch open. It’s a silent invitation, I know, for me to join him. 
But quite frankly, he’s burned his chance for that tonight. 
“I’m going to take a long bath,” I sigh, grabbing my pajamas out of my nook and heading for the bathroom. I don’t need it to get clean but I definitely want it, just to relax. 
“You’re seriously not going to explain how that marble changed states of matter?” Ben gasps, watching me move towards the bookshelf that doubles as a door to our bathroom. 
“Use your imagination, Ben,” I sigh, pulling the door open and slipping inside. 
My last look, however, is reserved for my mate, who glares at me from the couch. 
Because I am well aware that he expected to have the upper hand tonight. 
And it looks like beyond all odds, I’m the one who walked away with it.
###Chapter 60
Chapter 60 
Time at the Academy presents neat little patterns for us, and Rafe, Jesse, and I fall gratefully into them. Because life? It is busy. Every morning Jesse gets me up early, making me go for a run with him even before we go to breakfast. I’d enjoy these moments with my favorite cousin more if I wasn’t so damn tired every day. 
“Can we get a coffee maker in the suite,” I pant, my breath puffing in little clouds in the damp and foggy air. “I can’t go for these runs without the aid of caffeine.” 
“Come on, Scrimpy!” Jesse laughs, putting on a burst of speed and swatting me on the shoulder as he pulls ahead, obliging me to keep up. “Let your zest for life wake you in the morning! Not caffeine!” 
“Life would be much more zesty with a little espresso,” I growl, sighing and speeding up to keep pace. “With a side of biscotti!” 
After our run, we hastily get dressed and go to breakfast with our group. Luca, to my chagrin and agony, continues to ice me out. He sits with me at every meal, and at dinner he jokes with me and the rest of our group like nothing’s changed. But not once does he try to pull me aside, to make a moment to talk about what happened between us in the birch forest. 
What he maybe, probably now knows the incredible secret he’s carrying, that I’m trusting 
him with. 
Breakfast, of course, wouldn’t be the best time to talk about anything, gathered as we are around our little round table, but still I’m dying to talk about what happened, to learn what he figured out about my secret, and he just…won’t let me. 
–
“Luca,” I growl the next morning when Rafe and Jesse get up to go speak to some other warrior candidates about a group project they’re working on and Ben obligingly tucks his nose into a book. “What are –” 
“No here, Shrimp,” Luca replies, his voice low. “This is a way bigger conversation that we’re not having in the Hall.” 
“Well then why won’t you meet me in the…” I hesitate, glancing Ben’s way, because I almost 
said dream. Ben just turns his page, looking for all the world like he’s completely lost in his textbook. “Forest,” I conclude, the word pressed between my teeth. 
Luca narrows his eyes at me. “Oh, you want to meet in the forest?” he says, his lips turning up with the irony of it. “The one you can just make disappear whenever you’re done talking? Come on, Shrimp. You haven’t played fair for weeks, and you’re still not. I need… more than that.” 
My mouth falls at his stubbornness and I realize, quite suddenly, that Luca – whatever he has figured out – is not at all freaked out. 
He’s mad at me. 
And my heart sinks as he sips his coffee, turning his eyes back to his textbook – we all pretty much read at breakfast today, trying to cram everything in while we can – because… Luca is right. I have not been fair, and while I’m not sure that I’d have made any different 
choices… 
I’ve really made my mate take the brunt of it, haven’t I? 
“I’m sorry,” I whisper, looking down at my plate, feeling forlorn.
“We’re good,” Luca says, his voice still soft so only he and I can hear. I snap my head up, looking at him with wide eyes. “Don’t worry about it,” he says, glancing over at me. “Just… not here. Not at dinner, either. We need a space where it’s just us, and a long time to chat.” 
“So when…” 
“I don’t know, Ari,” he says, a little exasperated, lifting his eyes to meet mine. “Considering how your cousins never let you out of their sight, that’s going to be a little difficult, isn’t it?” 
I blush at the way that he emphasizes the word cousins, wondering if that means… 
But before I can consider anything, Rafe and Jesse return to the table. “Ready?” Rafe asks, looking towards Luca as he lifts his coffee to his lips and swigs it down in one go. 
“Yup!” Luca says, cheerfulness immediately returning to his expression as he gets to his feet. 
“You’ll get Ari to Chemistry?” Rafe asks Ben as Luca and Jesse collect their things. 
Ben shoots a thumbs–up over his shoulder, still concentrating on his book, as the Warrior- track boys start to head towards their early class. As he leaves, Luca brushes his arm against mine casual enough that it could be accidental. 
But lingering enough that, when I look up at him, and see him looking down at me, his eyes warm? 
God damn it, but it makes me want to jump right back into his arms, my legs wrapped around his waist. 
I sigh, returning to my own textbook, forcing my mind onto Chemistry, because I know that Neumann is going to quiz us hard today to see who has been able to keep up with the insane amount of homework he has assigned.
“Don’t worry too much about it,” Ben murmurs from his spot a seat away from me, his voice so soft that he could be talking to himself. 
“Huh?” I say, looking up at him. 
He keeps his eyes down, but I see the way his lips turn up. “He’s obsessed with you too, all right?” My jaw drops open a little bit. “Whatever little lover’s quarrel you’re going through here it’s going to get sorted out. Trust him – he’ll come around when he decides to.” 
– 
Ben flicks his eyes to me now, and I turn my head to the side, still shocked but also incredibly interested. “What do you mean?” 
“I mean that Luca’s the definition of an Alpha – he’s used to getting his way. He’s a great guy, but he wants the upper hand.” Ben shrugs. “But think about who you are, Ari. If you owe him an apology, give it, but don’t crawl after him begging him to accept it. You,” he says, looking at me significantly, “bow to no one.” 
I sit up very straight in my chair for a second, staring at my very perceptive friend with an open mouth, before my face bursts into a smile. “When did you get so wise, Ben?” 
He shrugs, smirking down at his textbook as I change seats, moving closer and bringing my book and coffee along. “Like I told you, four sisters. Luca’s no puppy dog that’s going to follow you around begging for treats, but trust me – he likes you. Big time. So…just let him 
work it out. And get back to work,” he says, nodding to my homework. “You’ve got bigger things to worry about.” 
“I love you,” I murmur, bumping my shoulder against his.
“Right back at ya,” he sighs happily. And then we study, my mind successfully turned to the more pressing matter right now: not failing out of school. 
Mates can wait, I think to myself, concentrating. My wolf huffs in discontentment, but she doesn’t stop me. 
Unfortunately, my own life proves me wrong again, because obviously I see my second mate that afternoon in magic class. He doesn’t greet me as I slip into the seat next to him, settling my chemistry books on the text in front of me. Instead, Jackson just glances my way before turning his attention back to the board, where Alvez is drawing out some complicated diagrams. 
I laugh to myself, shaking my head at Jackson’s perpetual lack of greetings, allowing myself to get distracted by Rafe’s conversation with Jesse about how combat went that morning. They’ve moved on from hand–to–hand to working with swords, apparently, which Jesse thinks is incredibly cool but which Rafe argues is impractical. 
I’m half lost in their argument when Jackson’s deep voice makes me jump. “How’d that go?” he asks. 
I turn to him, surprised, and just stare into his face. “What?” 
He smirks and then nods down at my chemistry book, a little burned mark still on the cover where I pried the melted marble away. Dr. Neumann had raised an eyebrow at the condition of my text, but hadn’t asked any questions. 
“How did class go, Clark?” Jackson says, his words snapping a little more than necessary. But I just smirk at my mate, wrinkling my nose, because I know him enough now to know that he’s not being nasty – he just doesn’t have a lot of social graces. 
–
“It went great, actually,” I say, sitting up straight, excited that he asked. Rafe had been distracted on our walk here I haven’t had a chance to brag yet. “We had a pop quiz and I am fairly certain that I did not disgrace myself. I really like the material too – I didn’t realize how much biology I’d have to learn alongside the chemistry. I mean, not only do we 
have to think about how the poison itself is made, but we have to understand what it does in the body as well. I never thought about…” 
Jackson lets me prattle on for awhile while Alvez finishes up his writing on the board, and while his expressionless face doesn’t really give me a lot to go on, I think he’s at least a little bit interested. He doesn’t interrupt, at least. Instead, he props his chin on his palm and just listens, looking at me, until Alvez clasps his hands at the front of the room, drawing our attention to him. 
“So,” Alvez says, smiling his dark smile as he looks slowly around at us. “Any…results? From your experimentations?” 
Anxiety floods me 
– 
because I’m suddenly torn between wanting to explore my magic and keep my promise to Jackson that I won’t tell what I know about his. 
But still, I’m dying to know both what his gift is, and why for some reason he’s not telling 
anyone. 
Not even the professor who stares at him so, so eagerly from the front of the room.
###Chapter 61
Chapter 61 
“McClintock?” Alvez says, smiling at Jackson. “Anything to report? I am particularly interested in the results of this pairing.” 
“Why?” Rafe says, the word abrupt. All of our faces turn to brother, Tony leaning around Jackson to get a good look. 
Alvez just raises his eyebrows. 
“Why?” Rafe asks again, slinging an arm over the back of his chair. “What’s so special about the pairing between Clark and McClintock?” 
“Because,” Alvez replies, even. “I have the sense that their magical affinities complement each other.” 
Jackson goes rigid in his seat next to me, but I just turn my head, curious. What is this man up to. 
“I know it seemed, perhaps, by chance how I paired you up in the last class and for your homework sessions, but the orb gives more than sense that you can do magic. It also gives a sense of what that magic might be.” 
“What the hell,” Jesse says, frowning at our professor. “Why didn’t you tell us this last time? Wouldn’t it have been useful to know that whoever we were paired up with for homework was our best match? And, also, that you already know what we can do?” 
“I don’t know what you can do,” Alvez corrects, his voice still calm and even though the rest of us are a little ruffled by the news. “I simply have a sense,” he says, gesturing back to the diagrams on the board, “of where your affinities might lay.”
“No, I’m with Sinclair,” Tony says, shaking his head at Alvez. “You should have told us this, if you already know. You expected a lot of honesty from us last class while withholding information.” 
“I understand your point, and your ion,” Alvez says smoothly, nodding and looking around at each of us in turn. “But I do find that the results are better when students go into the first pairing with less information and more freedom to experiment. Everything here is 
deliberate, planned. I would ask you to please trust me both as a person, and as your professor.” 
I narrow my eyes a little at this man, though, my wolf’s hackles raising. Because honestly, I’m not sure I do trust him. Tony is right he asks for a lot while holding his own cards quite close to his chest. 
And considering the leverage he’s holding over me… 
“So?” Alvez says, turning his attention back to me, raising an eyebrow and perhaps reminding me of that leverage with the little smirk on his handsome mouth. I sigh, tom suddenly between my obligation to this man and my promise to my mate. 
But, I think I can find a line to walk between the two. 
“We had a result, yes,” I say, trying to channel Jackson’s energy and keep my voice as stony and expressionless as possible. “I melted the marble into a puddle of glass.” 
Tony gasps in excitement, but Jesse and Rafe – for whom this no longer a novelty – simply turn to listen. 
“You melted the marble?” Alvez says, emphasizing the first word with interest. 
“Yes,” I say, not looking at Jackson as I nod solemnly. “I could feel the magic coming from me. Jackson and I tried to do things to the marble together, but when it didn’t work, we both tried individual experiments. I didn’t tell him that I was trying to melt it, I just did it by myself. And it worked.”
Jackson stays silent and stoic at my side. 
“Very interesting,” Alvez says, smiling and looking between us. “And, it confirms the placement of your affinity along the lines reported by the orb, Clark. There is indeed an aspect of heat to your magical gift.” 
He stands then as Jesse and Rafe stare at me, baffled but also a little delighted to see this information come forward. Alvez stands then and moves towards the chalkboard, beginning to explain the complicated diagram which he has drawn out. He informs us that there are six main categories of magic light, dark, earth, sun, body, and spirit – and they blend and combine in unique ways. 
The next hour passes in a blur, so fascinated am I by the lesson. Apparently, my magic is primarily sun magic, if it has something to do with heat. But what I can truly do with it has great deal to do with how much of the other magical categories my magic engages. 
“Wait so,” Jesse interrupts, his voice dazed with his own interest as Alvez lays out the details for us. “Why, then, were you excited to see Clark lined up with McClintock? What are his powers?” 
Jackson goes slumps in his chair beside me and I sit up straight. “There was nothing –“ 
But Alvez interrupts. “McClintock is Body and Sun,” he murmurs, still studying the diagram. “I figured the Sun connection between the two of them would produce an interesting result. The whole system is a great metaphor though, it isn’t as precisely scientific and factual as I’d like it to be.” 
I look over at Jackson as Alvez’s back is turned and he looks back at me, his face expressionless. But he gives me a steady nod, letting me know that we’re okay – that I haven’t done anything that he feels has betrayed him. I nod back, letting him know that I 
won’t.
“Wait, so, what am I?” Jesse asks, all eagerness. 
“You, Jesse Sinclair,” Alvez says, pointing to two spots on the diagram, “are heavy on darkness with a touch of spirit.” 
“Awesome,” Jesse murmurs, leaning back into his chair. “I don’t know what that means, but it’s definitely more badass than the rest of you.” 
I laugh, leaning over to glare at him, but he just grins at me. 
“And you, Rafe,” Alvez says, pointing to new spots on the board. “Display a strong affinity for light and body, which is an unusual combination. Cadet Davis, perhaps unsurprisingly,” 
says, turning to Tony, “is most promising in the categories of earth and darkness, which explains why he has a connection with water – cool and deep.” 
he 
“Wait,” I say, frowning as Tony nods, unsurprised. “Why does everyone else get two? You only said sun for me.” 
“Because,” Alvez says, leaning forward on his desk and studying me further. “The orb only 
reported that affinity for you, Clark. Which is rare. A strong connection to one category – we’ll have to see what the result of this is.” 
I scowl, slumping back in my seat, a little disappointed. Jesse is right – just being sun does not compare, at all, to darkness and spirit. 
The rest of the class goes quicky, with four of us peppering Alvez with questions while he explains as best as he can. By the end of class I think we’re all as confused as we are excited, though I don’t miss
at all that Jackson simply sits quietly. He doesn’t seem…mad, precisely. He just sits still, like he’s passing the time. Like he’s here because he’s obliged to be, but that doesn’t mean he has to participate. 
– 
– 
“For homework,” Alvez says, startling me out of my contemplation of my mate for a moment as our time runs short. “I’d like you each to return to your pairings and try again. mounted with this new knowledge. Clark and McClintock,” he says, “see if this time you can experiment with making McClintock’s power manifest. And Clark, I’d like to see you in my office early next week for some…private consultation regarding your singular affinity. See if we can make heads or tails of it.” 
Rafe goes rigid next to me at the idea. I admit, I do too. Inwardly, my wolf leaps to her feet, baring her teeth. But I just nod to Alvez because… I mean, what other choice do I have?
###Chapter 62
Chapter 62 
Alvez smirks at me and lets me know that he’ll send word about time and place, and then we’re released. 
Jackson nods to me, grabbing his bag. “I’ll send word too,” he says, standing up from his desk and looking towards the door. 
“Wait,” I say, reaching towards him, wanting him to stop and talk for a minute. Not because I have anything to really say, I realize. Just because… I want to talk to him. “Won’t you just come to dinner, like you did before?” 
“You’re already a packed house for dinner,” Jackson says, smirking at me. “Maybe we can… go outside for once. Try to talk to those birds.” 
And I smile up at him, my spirit twisting a little with excitement. Because even though it was kind of a disaster the last time I met Jackson alone outside, this time? Well. I think I’d kind of like it. 
But before I can express any of that, he’s already gone – striding for the door with no hint of a farewell. I laugh, watching him go. 
“Sullen,” Rafe says, coming to my side with his books in his arms, frowning after Jackson. 
“Nah, just…not prone to formality,” I sigh, nodding. Because I get it – and now I’m suddenly desperately intrigued to know more about him. What kind of world did Jackson grow up in where he never learned, or was encouraged to eschew, the polite lines of society? 
And why did my grandmother the Goddess match him up with me, someone who learned social graces from the cradle as part of my role as the nation’s Princess?
“Come on,” Rafe sighs, wrapping an arm around my shoulder and tugging me with him. “Like I said before – mooning happens in the room, in private.” 
“Oh, leave me be,” I mutter, smacking him on the chest, my mind still on my mate as we walk from the room, our cousin at our side. 
The rest of the week goes remarkably fast, probably because I’m either being hauled on a 
Chapter 62 
workout or have my nose stuck in a book for the rest of it. Even our dinners, while congenial and full of laughs, usually end with a book in each of our laps, studying. It’s grueling work, but each of us know the stakes of it – and we’re all determined to pass our courses as well as the Examination. 
“I don’t know what the Examination is,” Ben replies to me one night when I sit next to him on the floor for dinner. He passively cats a roll as he reads through some dense political theory. “No one does.” 
“What?” I say, looking up towards Rafe and Jesse in their usual chairs. Luca, stretched out on the couch, looks up too. “Even you two don’t know what’s coming up in the Examination?” 
– 
Slowly, Rafe shakes his head. “Dad and Uncle Roger were determined not to tell us. And the cadets who have gone through it – both passed and failed are sworn to a great deal of secrecy, even legally. It’s pretty much the only secret truly kept about the Academy. The only thing we know is that it comes just before the holidays, it’s physical as well as mental, and it’s very difficult.” 
“So,” I say, turning my head to the side as I lean back on my palms, my plate of food forgotten on the coffee table in front of me. “Is it like…another obstacle course?”
“Probably harder than that,” Luca replies, “and longer. What candidates have figured out and posted online is that it takes at least forty–eight hours.” 
“What?” I breathe, fascinated and intimidated. 
“It’s not really worth the effort to speculate and worry about it,” Rafe says, returning his attention back to his book. “You’re doing well, Ari, and we’re prepping you. Have faith in the process.” 
“Easy for you to say,” I mutter, glaring at my gigantic, powerful brother. “Some of us actually have imaginations which speculate beyond our will.” 
“Some of us,” Rafe replies, 
control that.” 
Is eyes up to me, a little twist to his lips, “learn to 
“Oh, you never had an imagination anyway,” I sigh, letting my shoulders slump. It’s true, though – I spent my childhood half in daydreams, imagining a thousand other worlds and 
Chapter 62 
identities that I played with all throughout the day. Rafe just wanted sports. 
“Your curse,” he murmurs. “Not mine.” 
I shrug, conceding the point, and attempt to turn my attention back to my Chemistry text as silence retakes the room, the only sound the merry crackle of the fire. Despite my interest in the material, though, my eyes drift to Luca, who lounges with his shoulders against the arm of the sofa, one leg stretched out long while the other is bent at the knee, his text propped against his thigh. 
Damn it, but he’s pretty.
And stubborn. 
I sigh a little, staring at him, wanting very much to crawl up onto the couch and lay myself out along his side, resting my head on his chest. I want to feel, again, his body against mine. I want to feel his breath rising in his chest, the warm scent of him in my nostrils. I want his arms around me. 
But still, he won’t meet me in the dream state. And he seems quite a bit more content than me to just… wait for an opportunity to arise for us to talk in private when I can’t just end the conversation like hanging up a phone. 
– 
Luca’s right that was unfair, I had too much control in the dream state. 
But this? This isn’t fair either. 
No – I’m very aware that my mate and I are locked, a bit, in a stalemate, and one of us is going to crack. I am very willing for that to be me, but Luca doesn’t know that there are other reasons for my secrecy. 
I mean, if he was my only mate? I’d drop it all right now – just demand, openly in this room, that Luca be let in on the secret and everyone simply accept the fact that he’s an important part of my life. But considering that Rafe knows that Jackson is my mate? And Jesse does not? And that I kind of want to keep it that way for now, so that I can keep some semblance of control over my insane life? 
I sigh through my nose, shutting my eyes, wishing desperately that I could just…concentrate on school. I wish that my handsome mate wasn’t lounging on my couch two feet from me, 
all languid and irresistible, smelling amazing and
A little nudge prods at my soul and my wolf instantly perks up. My eyes fly open, meeting Laica’s, which are already on me. He raises an eyebrow at me, clearly asking if I’m okay. 
I narrow my eyes at him, hoping that he gets the clear message that I would be better if he’d just talk to me. Maybe in the dream state, if he would stop being so stubborn about it. 
But he just smirks, and gives me a devastating wink, and drops his attention back to his book. 
I sigh again, out loud now, making Ben look up and over at me as I snap my book shut and stand, heading for my nook. 
“You okay?” Jesse asks, real concern in his eyes as he looks at me. 
“Yes,” I mutter, glaring around at all of them. “Just…tired. And sick of boys.” I snap my curtain shut behind me, flopping onto my bed as Ben’s laugh echoes in the room. And I’m well aware that what I just said could be interpreted as…dangerous, if I’m still trying to keep my secret from Luca. 
But…am I anymore? 
God, I just don’t know. 
I let myself fall into a little daze, cozy and warm and blissfully alone in my nook, studying the night away until I fall asleep. 
– 
I go into the dream state again, as I have done every night. But as with every other night this week, Luca does not appear. I sigh, wondering how he managed it I mean, it would make sense that he is not obliged to enter, that I can’t just drag him here against his well. Is it that simple, that he’s not here simply because he chooses not to be?
It’s okay, my wolf tells me, suddenly appearing at my side, shaking out her rose–gold fur and pressing her warm body against mine, sweet and comfortable. He’s our mate – we will figure it all out. Don’t worry. 
“Do you think he didn’t like it?” I whisper to her, half afraid. “That… I mean, what if I’m bad at kissing?” 
But my wolf just laughs, a rich, wolfish sound. Don’t worry about that, she murmurs. He liked it, okay? Our love is rich and good and warm. He is a fool if he stays away much longer. He’s only hurting himself. 
And I nod, letting myself believe her as I wrap my arms around her neck and bury my face in her pretty rose–gold fur. She gives my shoulder a lick and rests herself against me, and I drift back into my dreams. 
The rest of my nighttime rovings are not nearly so stressful. I am my wolf this time. Instead of having her manifest next to me, I embody her, my paws swift as I run along a dark cliffside, the waves of some cold sea crashing against the rocks below. The moon above is bright and I lift my snout, yipping for joy, letting the cool air flood my lungs as I run and run for the love of it. 
– 
— 
The cliff is endless, of course, as is only possible in dreams, and it never ceases in its stunning beauty. Sometimes, behind me. or maybe next to me I can feel another wolf running. I get glimpses of his huge form, his dark and heavy fur – but I don’t pay my companion much mind. Instead, I get the sense that we’re both happy to simply run. 
When I wake the next morning – my Alpha alarm apparently starting to kick in, because I’ve woken before both Jesse and the sun I’m more refreshed than I have been in days. I hop eagerly out of bed,
ready to start my day.
###Chapter 63
Chapter 63 
“Wait,” I say at breakfast, half a piece of bacon already on its way to my mouth, “what do you mean we don’t have class tomorrow?” 
“It’s Friday, shrimp cousin,” Jesse says, smirking at me. “Are you aware of these things they call weekends?” 
“Don’t be cute, Jesse,” I snap, glaring at him, which only deepens his smirk. “I just didn’t know the Academy acknowledged them. I mean, it didn’t when we were candidates out in the barracks.” 
“Probably to prevent brawls,” Rafe says, pouring himself another cup of coffee as Ben, between us, nods in agreement. “Can you imagine those barracks if they didn’t keep us busy every day?” 
“I think we should have a party tonight,” Luca says, raising an eyebrow and looking around at us. “Get our hands on some contraband liquor? Really let loose?” 
“Get ourselves kicked out, you mean?” Rafe says, immediately putting the dampener on Luca’s idea. “I will go shot for shot with you during winter break, Grant, but I am staying sober here. Too much at risk.” 
“Does this mean I’m invited to the palace for the holidays?” Luca says, his brows raising in interest. 
“Of course you are,” Jesse answers, instant. “You too, Ben. Bring your families, if you like, there are a thousand rooms in the palace.” 
“Nice of you to invite them to our house,” Rafe says, glowering at our cousin, but then he turns his attention back to Luca and Ben. “But yes, of course you’re invited. We’ll show you a good time, and our parents would love to meet you.” 
“Okay, so, sake bombs at Midwinter,” Luca says, “but nothing tonight?”
Rafe solemnly shakes his head, decided. 
“Boring,” Luca says with a sigh. 
“I’ll drink with you,” Ben says, shrugging and looking over at Luca. “Your room, if the Sinclairs are too straight–laced to participate?” 
I burst into a grin, looking between Ben and Luca. Ben he’s always a surprise, isn’t he? 
“Seriously?” Luca says, smiling at him. “Sweet, I’ll set it 
1. up. See you tonight.” 
“This is not a good idea,” Rafe says, sitting up to his full height and looking between them, worried. 
“Oh, they’ll be fine,” Jesse says, sighing and sitting back in his chair. “I’m jealous, but I’m with Rafe on this one. Sitting out.” 
“Shrimp?” Luca says, cocking an eyebrow at me. 
I lean forward, eager, wondering really how much of a risk it would be – 
“Shrimp,” Rafe says, darting an arm out even over Ben and pushing me again against my seatback, “is staying in, and not participating in contraband.” 
I scowl, glancing at my brother, who glares heartily back to me. “Shrimp makes his own decisions,” I say, mostly to be contrary. I mean, I don’t have any real intent to go drinking in Luca’s room, even if my wolf perks up at the idea. 
Rafe just rolls his eyes at me.
Even as I smirk at my brother, wondering how long I can torture him with this, I’m interrupted when a waiter comes over with a little folded note on a tray. 
“For Cadet Clark,” he murmurs, holding it out to me. I murmur my thanks and take the note, peering down at my name neatly written on the front as all the boys at the table lean. forward eagerly. I look up and around at them, well aware that nothing like this has happened to any of us before. 
Jealously, I clutch the note to my chest. “Away, you jackals,” I say, scowling at them all. “My note!” 
“What is it?” Rafe asks, reaching for it, but I swat at his hand and Ben takes my side, shoving Rafe playfully back as I quickly unfold the paper before Rafe can grab for it again. Luca 
makes a snatch too, but I gasp and pull away, quickly scanning the contents of the note and grinning when I see that it’s from Daphne, inviting me to come down to her room tonight to hang out for an hour or two. 
I grin, crumpling the note and shoving it into my pocket. “Sorry, boys,” I say, standing up with a happy sigh and stretching my arms languidly above my head. “Looks like my entire evening just got booked up anyway. I won’t be available for contraband or for hanging out in our boring room.” 
Jesse grins at me, intrigued, but Rafe jumps to his feet, demanding to know what the hell is going on and making a mad grab for my pocket. I just laugh and grab my book satchel, making a mad dash for the doors to the Hall, loving that for once I have a secret that he doesn’t. 
I mean, I’ll tell him, of course, I think to myself as I streak across the room, hearing Rafe jump to his feet behind me. There’s no way he’s going to let me wander off into the palace tonight all by myself. But I sure as hell am going to enjoy torturing him with the information for as long as I can. 
I’m still laughing as I get through the doors of the Hall, but my laughter is cut short as I slam into a big piece of granite –
My breath is all swept from my chest as my butt hits the floor, my hand going instantly to my nose. I gasp, my eyes smarting as I wonder whether or not I’m bleeding- 
“Oh my god,” a voice says, “what the hell are you doing!?” 
My eyes instantly snap up because obviously, obviously it’s not a piece of granite in the hall. 
It’s just my damn gigantic mate. 
Jackson crouches in front of me, his eyes frantically scanning my face. 
“Is it bleeding?” I ask, taking my hand away from my face. I mean, there’s no blood on my hand, but I can’t really feel anything but rampant pain in my face right now. 
“No,” Jackson murmurs, studying me closely, taking my chin between his thumb and his. finger to turn my face back and forth, studying it. “You’re an idiot for running through the halls like that, but there doesn’t seem to be any real damage.” 
“It would have been fine if you weren’t just lurking in the doorway,” I sigh, putting my hands on the ground to push myself up. 
– 
“What the “Rafe’s voice booms behind me, instantly livid. “What the hell did you do to him!?” 
Jackson’s eyes go wide as he stands up in a flash, putting his hands up in front of him. “Clark did this to himself,” he insists. “I am not responsible for any of this.” 
“He’s right,” I sigh, pushing to my feet and nodding to my brother. “I ran into him I wasn’t looking where I was going.”
“You didn’t see….Ari, how did you miss him!?” Rafe sputters, gesturing to my mate, who is as big as my brother, if not even half an inch taller. 
“I don’t know,” I moan, being kind of a baby about it because I know Rafe will let me off the hook. “My face hurts, be nice to me.” I rub my nose, scowling. 
Rafe turns to Jackson, sighing and rolling his eyes but letting him know that he’s off the hook. 
“Actually,” Jackson says, turning his attention to me again. “I was looking for you.” 
Rafe’s shoulders go tense. I look up at Jackson with interest. 
“You have an hour before class, right? And I have Friday mornings free. Do you want to get that magic homework in now?” 
“Oh,” I say, my eyebrows going up. “Actually, yeah,” I say, my wolf spinning in an eager circle in 
my soul. “That’s a great idea.” 
“Ari,” Rafe protests, shaking his head. “Even if he has off, I don’t –” 
“What does that have to do with anything?” Jackson asks, frowning. 
“Well he can’t ” Rafe says, but then he snaps his mouth shut, realizing that….it will be very weird if he tells Jackson that I can’t go anywhere alone with him without my big cousin to chaperone. Rafe sighs and crosses his arms. “It’s dangerous,” he says. 
“What?” Jackson says, smirking at him. “You think I can’t protect him?” He gestures to me like it’s it’ll be the easiest thing in the world. 
Rafe narrows his eyes, because that is obviously not what he’s worried about.
“It’s an hour,” Jackson says, looking Rafe up and down like he’s being ridiculous. “I’ll walk him to class and everything after. It’ll be fine.” 
Rafe’s mouth gapes open for a second as he searches for a reason to protest, but when he comes up with nothing Jackson just shifts his gaze to me and jerks his head towards the long hall. “Come on, let’s go outside and see if you can blow up the sun or something.” 
“This is a bad idea!” Rafe calls as I hurry to Jackson’s side and start to walk with him. 
“It’ll be fine!” I shout back to him, excited. But as I turn to smile at my brother, to let him see that I really do think that I’m going to be okay under my mate’s protection, my smile falters a little when I see Luca and Jesse standing at the door, staring after us. 
Jesse nods and waves to me as Rafe mutters something to him about homework, but Luca? 
Luca’s jaw falls open in shock, and then he snaps it shut, crossing his arms and glowering at 
1. me. 
My wolf yips victoriously inside of me and I have to laugh a little, because quite frankly, he deserves to be jealous. If he won’t meet me in the dream state or talk to me about this thing between us? 
Well, here’s my other mate, who very much is willing to make time in his day to spend at few minutes alone with me. 
I grin, and subtly take a step closer to Jackson, turning my face up to smile at him. And he smiles right back. 
And so I walk out of the castle into the open air at my mate’s side, going for what I can only think of in my mind as….kind of a first date.
###Chapter 64
Chapter 64 
I’m absolutely buzzing with energy as Jackson and I emerge through the castle door and out into the sunshine. I keep stealing glances up at him, which he either doesn’t notice or pretends not to, his defined features set in their usual harsh lines. I, however, cannot keep the smile from my face. 
We walk in silence for a little bit, me struggling to keep up with Jackson’s long stride. I laugh, after a moment, when he starts to outstrip me. 
“What?” he asks, glancing down and a little backwards towards me. “What’s funny?” 
“Would you slow down a little?” I ask, grinning up at him. “You’ve got longer legs than I do.” 
He does slow then, allowing me to catch up as he glances down at his legs as if needing to see them for proof of their length. He frowns at me as we continue along the path. “Aren’t you used to it, though? Your cousins are as big as me they must walk as fast as I do.” 
– 
I turn my head to the side, considering this. “I guess they…walk slower when they’re with me,” I say, folding my hands behind my back as I contemplate it. Because I’ve never, ever had to ask them to slow down, even though Jackson is right. A little rush of warmth runs. through me as I realize that they must do it naturally, always using a pace that I can keep up with when they’re around me. They’ve probably been doing it since we were kids. 
Rafe and Jesse they really are the best. 
– 
Jackson just nods, continuing to walk forward.
“So,” I say, breaking our companionable silence. “Where do you want to go do some magic 
stuff?” 
“Oh, I don’t care,” he says, waving a dismissive hand. “Wherever you want.” 
“Really?” I ask, looking up at him again staring freely, if I’m admitting it to myself. “Then…why did you want to come outside?” 
He just shrugs. “I guess I just like it out here,” he says quietly. “Not used to being all cooped up indoors all the time.” 
Chapter 64 
“Really?” I say, smiling at him. “What, were you raised in the woods, then? Spent your nights outdoors?” 
He looks down at me, smirking. “Something like that,” he murmurs. He holds my gaze for a long moment – so long that butterflies develop in my stomach and I have to look away. 
“Do you want to go sit under that tree over there?” I ask, pointing towards a big black oak tree a short distance away, going stunningly orange and yellow for autumn. 
“Sure,” he replies, shrugging like he it pleases him just as much as anything else. We make our quiet way over to the tree and I sit down amongst the roots, patting the ground next to me. Jackson hesitates for a second and then lowers himself to the ground, curling his legs up beneath him, a little awkward. I grin, realizing that this big warrior–type probably doesn’t spend a great deal of time casually sitting beneath trees. 
I mean, I don’t either not very Princess–y, is it? But still, I hide it better.
I hold my hand out to him, palm up. 
“So.” I start, a smile playing at my lips. “What do you want to try to do first?” 
“You pick, Ari, I don’t care,” he says, laughing as he takes my hand, his broad palm warm against my small one. A shiver passes through me as the pulse radiates out from us, fluttering the leaves of the trees above us and stirring the grass around. But both of us ignore it. 
“You don’t care?” 
“No,” he says, smiling and looking down at me. “Do whatever you want.” 
“Wait, you called me out here just so that I can practice magic?” I ask, a little baffled. “Don’t you want to try anything yourself?” 
“Nah,” he says, shaking his head. “I’m good. I know what I can do. You can experiment. though, especially if my…” he holds up the hands between us, apparently at a bit of a loss. for how to describe the thing that happens when my hands touch him, “helps you. Or whatever.” 
“Jackson,” I murmur, shaking my own head now. And then I hesitate, wondering if I should 
ask. 
He lifts his chin towards me, seeing the question in my eyes and telling me to ask. 
“Why don’t you want to tell anyone what you can do, especially if you know?” 
He sighs, even more serious than he was before. “Because it’s not anyone’s business but mine,” he replies, his brows lowered. 
I cock my head to the side. “Even if it can be…useful? To the nation, or whatever? I mean, isn’t that why we’re all here?”
“Is that why you’re here?” 
I consider it for a second, really wondering if I am. But then… “Well,” I say, looking off into the distance a little bit. “Yeah, I suppose that’s why I am here.” 
Jackson sits quietly, listening. 
“I mean,” I continue, “you know my connection to the royal family, right? We’re all incredibly privileged, of course, but I hope that we use our privileges to help people as much as we can. I am here at the Academy for me, but I do hope that in the end what I do and learn here really can help our nation. Especially in this terrible war. 
He nods, letting me know he understands. But otherwise, Jackson stays silent. 
“Is that not the same for you?” I ask, really wanting to know. 
“I don’t know,” he murmurs. “If I’m being honest, I care more about helping my people.” 
“Your people?” I stare at him, trying to figure him out. “Is that are they not the same as… our people?” 
“Smaller group,” Jackson 
urmurs, his eyes going a bit distant as he thinks about his 
answer. “A community within the nation, if that makes sense.” 
I nod, because honestly it does. “So, how does being at the Academy help?” 
“Well, the salary is pretty good,” he says instantly, which makes me blush a bit because….
Well, because, honestly, I didn’t know we got paid. I make a mental note to ask Rafe about this, and as I’ve done before to be more cognizant of the fact that my family’s personal wealth and position sometimes makes me oblivious to money matters that are constantly on other people’s minds. 
Jackson smirks at me, I think intuiting the direction of my thoughts, but he doesn’t say anything. “And the skills we learn here are invaluable. I can take them home, help out when I’m there.” 
“Jackson.” I say quietly, squeezing his hand just a touch, because I somehow know that this is a touchy subject. “Where’s home?” 
“North,” he says, lifting his chin in the general direction. I look towards it, because that’s where my family is too – the Academy is tucked away in Moon Valley’s southern lands. But when Jackson says North, I know that he means something different than northwards to the capital. He means North the craggy, wild land at the edge of our nation where people tend to live in extreme poverty and clannishness. 
– 
I’ve met ambassadors from the North before, and I know people who have been there on aid missions, but Jackson – I think is the first person I’ve ever met who grew up there. 
“Do you miss it?” I ask quietly, thinking that he must be worried about family up there, if things are as bad as I’ve heard they can be. So, when his answer comes, it shocks me a little. 
“No,” he says instantly, looking down at the ground. 
I stare at him, confused, but I don’t press. Instead, I seem to know that that’s as much as he wants to say about it – at least for now. So I just tighten my hand 
and let it end
there, hoping he knows that I heard him, even if I don’t quite understand. 
He doesn’t look at me for a long time, but he doesn’t pull his hand away either. So, I feel a 
little emboldened. 
“Jacks,” I murmur, knowing that I’m pressing my luck. “What’s your magic?” 
My mate just hangs his head and heaves a long sigh.
###Chapter 65
Chapter 65 
“Don’t you just want to see what else you can melt, Clark?” Jackson asks on a long inhale of breath, looking at me with sad eyes. “Come on, I bet you could melt this whole tree if you wanted to.”” 
– 
“Well, one, that’s not good for the environment,” I say, rolling my eyes at him which makes him laugh, just a little. “And two, no, I don’t want to melt the tree I want to talk about you. Honestly, Jackson, I won’t tell anyone you know I won’t. I won’t even let anyone know that I know! I’ll keep your secret.” 
“Why does it even matter, Ari?” he asks, looking away from me. “Why do you want to know so badly? It doesn’t change anything.” 
A thousand answers flood my mind. That it could help me understand what I can do how. his power compliments mine. That I want to know more about him. That I’m just so damn 
curious. 
But, in the end, I settle for the truth. 
“I want you to know that you have someone here who will keep your secrets, Jackson,” I say quietly, willing him to believe me. 
Jackson looks up at me in surprise, his blue eyes wider than I’ve seen them before. 
We’re silent again, but as it has been before with us, there’s no awkwardness to it. But then he breaks it. 
“Why are you being so nice to me?” he whispers, half baffled and half…suspicious, I realize. Lik
I’ve got ulterior motives or something. 
I stare at him, my heart cracking in grief for the lessons his past life must have taught him. 
“Jackson,” I murmur, saying his name like a promise. “Why are you so surprised that I genuinely just… want to be nice to you?” 
He turns his face away from me like he’s been struck, staring at the ground beneath the tree in shock and surprise. I watch his profile as he swallows heavily, as he presses his lips 
together in frustration or…consternation? Honestly, I don’t know what. But I give him the space to process it. 
“I don’t have to eat,” he says suddenly, the words falling from his lips in a rush, like they’ve escaped from a dark place and can’t wait to get away. 
“What?” I ask, confused. 
He looks at me then, his brows drawn, almost angry as he speaks – but I know not at me. “I don’t have to eat like…ever, if I don’t want to. I mean, eventually, I’d have to eat, but…that’s what I can do.” 
“Whoa,” I say, sitting up straighter. “That is….that is seriously weird, Jacks.” 
He nods solemnly, agreeing. “I also don’t have to sleep, if I don’t want to, for like…days. Longest I’ve gone is three weeks. And I can run for miles and just….not get tired.” 
My eyes go wider as his confession progresses. “And like, nothing happens? You can just go?” 
He looks at me then. “I get really skinny after a while,” he says, shrugging. “Oh, and I can eat like… everything.”
I laugh then, shaking my head. “I’m not sure that’s magic,” I say, looking him up and down, “Rafe’s as big as you and he also eats like a horse 
“No,” he says, smiling at my laughter, “I mean like…I can eat without stopping for as long as I wanted. And I don’t get full I just get…” he looks down at himself, at his seriously impressive musculature. “… bigger.” 
“Really?” I ask, my laughter fading as I look him over anew. “So….could you get as big as an elephant if you kept going?” 
“Nah,” he says, smirking, “we tried that once. I think my skeleton’s reached its natural height I just get… fat.” 
I laugh then, unable to imagine it. Jackson – he’s very fit, isn’t he? “Wait, how fat?” 
He groans, putting his hand over his eyes and then rubbing it down the length of his face. 
“So fat, Clark, you don’t even want to know. Thank god there aren’t any pictures.” 
“What, did you just like, experiment? To see how long you could push it?” 
He shrugs, nodding, turning his face back to me. “Wouldn’t you, if you figured out that that’s what you could do?” 
“I suppose,” I murmur, turning my head. “Though didn’t you get bored, when everyone else. was asleep? And like, get sick of the taste of food?” 
“Yes!” he says, his eyes going wide as he laughs. “That’s exactly what happened – and nobody gets that. Like, after eighteen blackberry pies…you never want a slice of pie ever again.”
I laugh, squeezing his hand and nodding at him. “It’s really incredible, Jackson,” I sigh, so happy that he told me, so honored that he trusted me enough to keep his secret. “It’s one hell of a power. I wish I could borrow it, would probably keep me up through these long nights of studying.” 
“Well,” he says, looking down at our clasped hands. “Maybe you can…” 
“What?” I ask, also looking down. 
“Clearly, there’s some sort of connection between our…magic,” he murmurs. 
Inwardly, I correct him. Us, I think. There’s something between us. But I clench my jaw to keep from blurting it out. 
“I think… well, I think that you were able to melt the marble because of whatever connects. our magic,” he says, and I nod, agreeing. “So…maybe I can pass mine to you or something. Who knows.” 
“How do we experiment with that?” 
Jackson shrugs. “Next time you’re tired, come find me. See if I can pass some energy to you. I’ve got plenty of it – it’s annoying, honestly.” 
I grin, pleased to see him talking more casually now, like one would to a real friend. 
Or a MATE, my wolf corrects in my mind, trotting anxiously back and forth. She’s pissed, I know, because she wants me to tell him my secrets, to be as open with him as he’s been with me. 
Soon. I murmur to her, stroking a hand over her fur. Not yet. 
She huffs but lets me be. 
“Why is it annoying to have so much energy?” I ask.
“Constantly have to monitor it,” he murmurs, looking into my face now, studying me, I think, in the same ways that I’ve studied him. “It all comes down to what I eat. If I eat too much, it manifests in either sleeplessness or weight gain. If I eat too little, I lose muscle.” He sighs, shaking his head. “It’s annoying, counting calories.” 
“Jackson,” I say, dry, raising an eyebrow. “I’ve seen you eat breakfast – that mountain of pancakes?” 
He laughs, seeing the direction of this. 
I roll my eyes now, “you’re not counting calories.” 
Jackson grins at me with a shrug. “Fine, it’s not a precise science. But I’ve had enough sleepless nights to know not to push it.” 
“Well, fine,” I sigh, putting my chin in my hand and resting my elbow on my knee while I gaze at him. “If you want to pass me energy when it comes time to study for exams, I am not going to say no.” 
“Good,” he murmurs, smiling a little. “At least this gift will benefit someone besides me, for 
once.” 
of his clear desire to connect with 
I think, then, on the selflessness of that statement someone, to be a help. And then, interestingly, how much it relates to what he said about wanting to help the people of his community… 
But also, how he doesn’t miss them. 
Honestly, what has been his history?
I know better than to press now, though. I have a feeling that Jackson is probably finished confessing for today. 
“So,” I say, grinning up at him. “What’s the longest you’ve stayed up?” 
Jackson laughs then, tilting his head back and pressing his eyes shut, clearly remembering something either hilarious or terrible. “Ari, honestly, you don’t want to know.” I smile as my eyes go immediately to the long length of his throat, the soft skin at the base of his neck. I have to bite my lip then, resisting the urge to bend forward and press my lips there. 
Do it, my wolf hisses. 
I just sigh and mentally press a hand to her fur. Someday, I promise. 
“No, tell me!” I insist, tucking my emotions away and forcing myself to be, instead, the friend he so clearly needs. “I want to know.” 
And, to my delight, Jackson turns to me and begins.
###Chapter 66
Chapter 66 
We spend a long time under that tree as Jackson tells me the long story about how he stayed up for three weeks in a row, only giving in because he was so incredibly bored by the end of it. About how he just wandered around at night all alone, doing chores and going for runs just to have something to do. About how he missed dreaming, and missed rest, because while he wasn’t precisely tired, in a bodily sort of way, he was exhausted mentally. 
“We need sleep, I think, to turn off our minds,” he says at the end of it, thoughtful. “Life’s hard enough as it is we need time away from it all, I guess.” 
“Yes, that makes sense,” I murmur passively, all my words blurring together as I sit with my chin still propped in my hand, just staring at him, mesmerized. 
Because god, he’s gorgeous. Jackson – he’s so brutal at first sight, all harsh lines and scars and darkness. But the more time you spend with him and the more he opens up the more you see the grace in him. It’s almost, somehow, like he…tucks it away, hiding it. But when he lets it out? 
His face just….lights up, like a flaming beacon in the night. And god, is he breathtaking. 
“I mean, it makes sense, right?” 
I startle out of my reverie and curse myself for letting myself get lost in “Hmm?” I say, straightening up. 
my mate’s 
gaze. 
He laughs at me. “Sorry,” he says, running a hand through his messy hair, “I’ve been boring.”
“Jackson,” I say, my voice low with the understatement, “you’ve been the opposite of boring. I got… completely lost in what you were saying.” 
He grins, desperately pleased at the compliment, and his mouth to say more – 
opens 
But I gasp, suddenly looking around. “Shit, what time is it!?” 
my god,” he says, dropping my hand suddenly and springing to his feet. “Shit, Clark, 
“Oh 
we’re late 
I squeak in protest, pushing myself to my own feet as Jackson grabs my book satchel off the floor, thrusting it against my chest when I finally stand up straight. “We’ve got to go,” he says, looking desperately back to the castle. 
“Well then you carry this!” I shout, pushing the satchel back to him. “Run!” 
We do run then, and Jackson beats me, obviously, even carrying both of our books. He grabs my hand and basically drags me through the halls once we’re inside, towards my Chemistry classroom. 
“How do you even know where this is!?” I gasp as we get close. 
Jackson just glares over my shoulder at me, like I’m stupid for not knowing that of course. he would know where the Chemistry classroom is. 
Inwardly. I’m pleased by this, though there’s no time to dwell on it, especially as I consider that Jackson fulfilled his promise to Rafe that he’d see me to my next class even though it means he’ll be even later for his.
But…instinctually, I know that he’s not doing it for Rafe’s sake. 
He’s doing it for me. 
I’m panting by the time I get to the door. Jackson, predictably, is not. 
“You good?” He asks, unstrapping my satchel from his shoulder and handing it to me. 
I nod, glancing towards the door, anxious to get inside. 
“I’ll see you,” Jackson murmurs, turning away. 
“Come over!” I call after him, knowing that it’s costing me even more time but unable to stop myself. Jackson turns, staring at me. I shake my head, speaking all in a hurry. “Come to our room,” I beg, “come spend time with us. We want you there.” 
Jackson just raises an ironic eyebrow, which makes me laugh. 
“I want you there,” I say as I grin and grab the door handle. “Which is all that matters.” 
He smirks for a second and then nods once before turning away, heading down the hall. 
And I grin, and twist the handle, pressing into the room. 
Dr. Neumann looks over at me, clearly annoyed. “And what emergency has kept you away today, Cadet Clark?” 
“Apologies, sir,” I say, hurrying to my seat. “No emergencies. Just…lost track of time…. studying.” 
“Your tardiness will make itself known by a reduced grade on your next quiz, Clark” Neumann says, turning back to the board as I sit down. “Don’t let it happen again.”
And I nod, agreeing to the terms, even as I realize that… 
Well. If there was another chance to spend the morning with Jackson under an oak tree, holding his hand and sharing secrets? 
I’d do it again in a heartbeat, damn the price. 
That evening, Jesse and Rafe come into the room late so late that I’m already bathed, changed into a fresh uniform, and sitting on the couch with my arms crossed, glaring at the door. 
“Where have you been!?” I snap the moment the door opens and they come breezing in. 
Both boys stop dead in their tracks. 
“What?” Jesse says, staring at me, standing stock still. “What’d we do!?” 
“You let me sit here all alone!” I shout as Rafe closes the door and I get to my feet, grabbing the note I got at breakfast off the coffee table and waving at them. “And I have plans! Which you almost made me miss!” 
“What plans,” Rafe asks, frowning at me as he crosses the room and snatches the note from my hand. I don’t answer, planting my hands on my hips and frowning at him, letting him. figure it out for himself. 
1 
“Who….who the hell is Daphne?” Rafe murmurs. 
“Daphne?” Jesse asks, perking up and coming over. 
Rafe raises his eyes to mine, predictably frowning.
“She’s the seamstress, Rafe,” I sigh, snatching the note from his hands. His eyebrows lift with clarity – Jesse and I told him about that, of course. “I want to go! And she asked me to come now, and you forbid me to walk through the castle alone so let’s go!” 
“Is this invitation for one?” Jesse murmurs, grabbing the note from me and peering over it. “Or does she mention…any dukes…” 
I just roll my eyes at him and continue glaring at Rafe. 
“I don’t think this is a good idea, Ariel,” Rafe says, making me groan at how predictable and stubborn he’s being. 
“Rafe, she’s my friend, and I already sent her word that I would –” 
“Well, why did you do that when 
“When I hadn’t asked you first? Rafe,” I sigh, looking down at my shoes, trying to figure out how to phrase this. “We are walking a very fine line here, my brother, between you protecting me and you being my jailer. Can you….can you please go a little easier on me, here? Daphne – I trust her, we trust her. And she’s my friend.” 
There’s a long moment of silence, but I look up when Rafe sighs. 
“Okay,” he says, running a hand through his hair. “You’re right, Ari – and if you and Jesse trust this girl, then I guess it’s time for me to meet her to.” 
“No need,” Jesse says, buttoning the top button on his shirt so that he can look all sharp. “I’ll take Ariel down to Daphne’s room –” 
“Oh fat chance of that,” I groan, shoving him away.
“What!?” he laughs, stumbling back a step. “She’s a nice girl! I just want to say hi and –” 
“And hit on her relentlessly?” 
“Yes,” Jesse says, grinning at me like a fox. “Yes, and hit on her relentlessly. God, please let me go –” 
“Jesse!” I snap, smacking him again. “Don’t hit on my friends! It’s my only rule!” 
He laughs blatantly in my face and Rafe joins in.
###Chapter 67
Chapter 67 
I stand back, looking confusedly between Rafe and Jesse. “What?” I ask my brother and my cousin, “what’s so funny?” 
“Ari,” Rafe says, shaking his head at me as he puts a hand around my elbow and tugs met towards the door. “Not hitting on your friends? That has never been a rule.” 
“That has always been a rule!” I gasp, staring up at my brother. 
“Well,” he says, grimacing at me a little. “Then that is a rule which Jesse has never followed.” 
“What!?” I snap, trying to spin and stare at Jesse but hauled along by Rafe. “Who – who have you hit on?!” 
“Who haven’t I hit on?” Jesse replies, still grinning at me, wicked. 
“Jesse!” I shout, truly scandalized and betrayed. “Annie? Rebecca? Padme!?” Jesse just grins. and I gape, looking up at Rafe for confirmation. 
“He hooked up with them all too,” Rafe informs me, dry. 
I let out a loud screech of protest, spinning to stare at my cousin, who just shrugs at me like he couldn’t help it. 
“You bring around these nice girls, Ariel, who fall for all my lines!” Jesse exclaims, holding out his hands and shaking his head like he couldn’t help it. “Pretty ones too it is like a buffet. And you expect me to do nothing!? 
“Stop making out with my friends, Jesse!”
“No, don’t make me promise that it’s my favorite hobby – 
– 
“Jesse!” I lash out, trying to smack him, but I’m too far away. Rafe sighs, hauling me further 
towards the door. 
“Did you seriously make out with Annie and Rebecca?” I call over my shoulder, desperate. 
Chapter 0/ 
Jesse just shrugs, innocent. “Someone had to do it, Shrimp.” He clasps an honorable hand to his chest. “I was happy to fall on that sword.” 
I just growl and turn away. Rafe sighs and grabs the door handle. 
“Wait, what about Theresa!?” I shout, spinning to look back at Jesse. 
“Oh my god, Theresa!” Jesse groans, throwing himself on the couch. My jaw drops as he covers his face with his hands, moaning like he’s mourning the loss of something beautiful he’ll never have again. “Theresa is a freak 
I let out a scandalized gasp, but Rafe just tugs me along. 
“A freak in the best possible way, cousin!” Jesse shouts after me just before the door snicks. shut. “The best possible way! Rafe can tell you, too!” 
“Oh my goddd,” I moan, glaring at my brother, whose cheeks blush a guilty pink. For the next ten minutes as we wend our way through the halls I pepper him with questions. He answers everything I want to know about Jesse, but doesn’t confess any of his own sins.
“Fine,” I growl when we finally get to Daphne’s door, crossing my arms and glaring up into. his face. “But this one is off limits, okay?” 
“Okay, Ari,” Rafe says, nodding to me with a smile. “I can make that promise for myself, but Jesse? Don’t hold your breath waiting for him to agree to it.” 
“So rude,” I mutter, reaching out to knock on the door. 
Rafe and I stand quietly while wait, and I hear a set of footsteps inside. Then, the door swings open. 
“Hi!” Daphne says, beaming at me. “Welcome, I –” 
But her face falls when she looks up at my brother standing next to me. Her mouth makes a little “o” as she stares at him. 
“Hi,” Rafe says, giving her his best Prince 
his hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Daphne “fe, Heir to the Throne smile and holding 
out 
Chapter 67 
“It’s…um, hi,” she says, reaching out to shake his hand and smiling up at him nervously. raise my eyebrows in surprise she handled herself beautifully with Jesse. Honestly, I’m at little shocked by this reaction to Rafe. “I mean,” she says, blushing as she takes her hand away, “it’s a pleasure to meet you….your highness.” 
“Please, call me Rafe,” he says, smiling at her warmly, a little used to people reacting this way it’s been the same since we were kids. He moves on with the conversation so that she has a chance to find her
feet again. “Will you send word up when you and Ari are finished with your visit? I can come back down and –” 
“Oh, no need,” she says, and I’m glad to see her relaxing a bit. “I can walk Ari back up to vour 
room.” 
Rafe just quirks an eyebrow like he doesn’t believe either of us can protect the other for a second. Daphne, coming back to herself as the moments pass, just smirks at my brother. 
“I’ve been walking through this castle alone for years, sire,” she says, putting her hands on her hips. “And not once have I been accosted.” 
“Oh yeah?” Rafe asks. “What’s your secret?” 
“Pepper spray,” she says with a shrug, making both of us laugh. “No, but really,” she continues with a grin, “servants‘ corridors. Honestly, we’ll be fine.” 
“All right,” my brother says with a nod, surprising me. I didn’t expect him to agree to that so easily I guess our little two–second chat earlier really hit its mark. He turns to me then. “How long do you think?” 
– 
I shrug, looking over at Daphne. “An hour? Maybe two?” 
“Let’s make it two,” she says, wrinkling her nose at me. I grin and nod to Rafe, who sketches a little bow and turns away, waving over his shoulder. 
Daphne gives a little squeak of excitement, pulling me into the room. “Oh my god,” she says, pressing the door shut behind us and leaning back against it for support, “that was Rafe Sinclair! At my door!”
I laugh, shaking my head at her. “Don’t be so impressed – it’s just Rafe,” I say with a shrug. “Plus,” I gesture to myself, “Nation’s princess! Right here!” 
“Oh, I know,” she says, laughing and grabbing my arm, tugging me over to the bed and gesturing for me to sit down. “But you’re not nearly as hot as he is.” 
1 squeak in dismay, standing up straight at the offense. 
Daphne just rolls her eyes at me as she crosses the little room. “You’re very pretty, Ariel, but you just don’t do it for me.” She reaches up to a shelf and grabs a bottle of wine as well as two small glasses. “Can I persuade you?” she asks. “I know it’s technically illegal but,” she shrugs and gives me a hopeful look. 
“As long as you promise not to tell my brother,” I say, eyeing the bottle – because honestly, a glass of wine sounds fantastic right now. 
“As long as you promise to dish,” she counters, laughing as we both sit down on the bed. Daphne pulls her bedside table close and pours us each a glass of red wine. 
“Dish about what?” I ask, taking the glass she offers me and leaning back against the pillows. I grin, pleased that it’s so instantly easy between us. Daphne – I feel like I’ve already known her for years. But, I guess that makes sense, when someone’s carrying your deepest darkest 
secret. 
“About everything,” she sighs, smiling warmly at me. “I want to hear all about your week, and about how no one else has figured out you’re a girl – 
–”
“Because boys are idiots –” I say, taking a sip of my drink and humming lightly with pleasure at the velvety taste. 
She laughs, and nods. “Yes, tell me all about the boys.” 
“Daphne,” I say, sighing, “as the only acknowledged girl in this 
Castle, you could have your pick of the boys. You know that. So why do you need me to tell you all about them when you could just go knock on any door you want and have him kneel at your feet, spilling hist guts?” 
“Because,” she sighs, a low and devastated sound, “I’m abstaining.” 
“Why?” I ask, grinning. 
“Because I have dreams,” she groans, shaking her head like its’s a great sacrifice to give up 
boys for the sake of your ambitions. I smile then, recognizing the feeling, especially 
considering that all I want to do is hurl myself at my mates. But I, too, am abstaining. Or, at least I’m trying to. 
“What dreams?” I ask, wanting to know more wanting to know all about her, frankly. 
“All of them.” she sighs, smiling at me and leaning forward. “I want a big life, you know? I want to do everything – feel everything, see everything, touch everything, taste it. I want to do it all.” 
My smile deepens as I consider my friend, swept up a little in her verve for life. “What’s stopping you?” I ask quietly, sipping more of my wine. 
“Money,” she says, giving a chagrined little shrug. “We…didn’t grow up with much.”
I nod, listening, my mind going back to Jackson who I’m starting to think might come from a similar world. “Well, what does that have to do with boys?” I ask. “Why does that make you ‘abstain, as you say?” 
Daphne just gives me a long, slow grin.
###Chapter 68
Chapter 68 
“Because,” Daphne says, giving a happy little sigh and taking a long sip of her wine, “you’re 
– 
right the boys here would throw themselves at my feet just because I’m the only girl here 
– at least, the only admitted girl here.” 
I raise my glass in toast to her, conceding the point. 
“But,” she continues with a shrug, “I’m not going to throw myself at the first boy I find myself attracted to – fall in love, get wrapped up in a marriage I haven’t really considered, find myself ten years from now tied to a life that I didn’t want. I want to be more careful than that.” 
I nod, understanding. “So, you want to choose your boys carefully. Clever work, Daphne.” 
She grins at me, accepting the compliment. “Seems a waste sometimes, though. All these boys for the pickings and I just….leave them on the vine.” 
“A job perk left unused,” I murmur, agreeing. “Is the job worth it, besides that? You seem really isolated here.” 
“I am isolated,” she says, shrugging before grinning at me, “which is partially why I’m so 
– 
glad you’re here now seriously, you’d better make it through to the spring semester, I’ll be desolate if you leave me after only a couple months.”
“I’ll do my best,” I say, nodding seriously, “just for you.” 
She laughs along with me but then I tilt my head to the side, considering her again, wondering about her past. “Daphne, how did you end up here?” 
“My uncle got me the job,” she says quietly. “He was the tailor here before me he brought me in two years ago, when his heath started to fail and he couldn’t keep up with the work. And then when he died, they gave me his spot, because I’m fast, and I work hard, and I know the uniforms inside and out.” 
“I’m sorry,” I say quietly, realizing that she really is all alone here now that she’s lost her 
uncle as well. 
Emergency calls only 400 
Chapter 68 
98% 
15:23 
“Don’t be,” she says, her smile soft. “He had a long life, and I’m not unhappy here. I’m cozy. and warm, and busy I like all that. And the Academy pays incredible wages, so it’s well worth being alone for a little for the money I can stash away and send home to my mom. I figure a few more years of this and I’m…totally free.” 
“What’s that mean to you?” I ask, genuinely curious. “Total freedom?” 
“Doing whatever I want, whenever I want to,” she sighs, her eyes going a little far–off at the idea. “I don’t need a big mansion or anything – just…the ability to travel where I want, to support myself.
Maybe get a cat.” She shrugs. 
“That does sound nice.” I say quietly, considering that…well, I never even thought of that as a possibility for myself. Total freedom, a life on my own terms… 
“You can come along if you want,” she says quietly. “But…I would request that you bring your hot brother.” 
I burst into laughter at this, stretching my leg across the bed and giving her a little kick. “Do you seriously think he’s that hot?” 
– 
“Ari,” she says, laughing a little low laugh. “Every girl in the nation. human and wolf- has had a crush on Rafe Sinclair since he hit puberty. That height? Those shoulders, those eyes?” she sighs, leaning back against her pillows. 
“Ewww,” I say, wrinkling my nose at her but laughing anyway, “you wouldn’t think he’s so cute if you had to listen to him snore day in and day out.” 
Daphne smiles but shakes her head, letting me know that not even that would be enough. I sigh because I mean, I know Rafe’s reputation in the world I’ve seen the tabloids, and I’m aware that my brother is ively good looking. But still, a national heartthrob? 
I guess I’m just too close to it. “Poor Jesse,” I sigh, resting my head against the wall. “You’ll break his heart, you know, crushing on Rafe like that.” 
“Yeah well,” she murmurs, smirking at me. “Something tells me your Jesse needs to have his heart broken a bit, doesn’t he?”
“Probably,” I say, nodding and meaning it. Jesse – I love him so much, and I know his heart. is in the right place, but all of my friends? He would certainly deserve it. 
Chapter no 
But still, he’s my cousin and I love him. He deserves some loyalty, after all. “Jesse’s not a bad guy, Daphne, I don’t want you to think that. Just a flirt.” 
“I don’t think he’s bad,” she says, nodding with a smile. “I just think he’s maybe a little bit… dangerous. A little too easy to fall in love with, that one you’ve got to watch your step around him before you find yourself swept off your feet.” 
“But not Rafe?” I ask, curious, 
– 
“Rafe’s impossible,” she says, grinning at me. “Nobody actually expects Rafe Sinclair to look their way. You cousin the duke,” she shakes her head, “a little too possible.” 
I huff a sigh through my nose as I look down at my wine, not precisely disliking learning about this side of my brother and my cousin that I hadn’t thought of before, but certainly unnerved by it. Daphne, perceptive, moves on. 
“So, enough about me,” she says, leaning forward and smacking me on my knee. “Tell me everything. Ari – how the hell did you get in here!?” 
The time passes fast, then, as I fill her in on my journey. Daphne’s a good listener – rapt, asking questions when necessary, but always letting me take the lead. But as the story continues, I see her perk up a little, her intuition tingling, when Luca’s name starts to be repeated more and more as I go
on. By the time I get to the part where Luca and Ben are coming over to our room every night for dinner, there’s a full–on smirk on her lips. 
“What!” I say suddenly, interrupting my own sentence to lean forward and give her another little kick. 
“Nothing!” she says, bursting into a laugh and grabbing the bottle to refill my glass of wine, just a little bit. “Just…you light up a bit, when you talk about Luca Grant.” 
“I do not,” I protest, but my cheeks redden.. 
“You don’t blush like that when you talk about Ben,” she teases, her voice sing–song as she leans back against the pillows. 
I sigh, leaning my head back, wondering how much to tell her. Daphne she’s very easy to talk to and I’m dying to have a girl to talk to about all of this mate stuff. But still I can’t talk to her about it before I talk to Luca about it. That feels…unfair. So, I compromise. 
– 
Chapter os 
“Fine,” I sigh. “I like him.” 
“Ariel!” she shrieks, giggling, “that is so cute!” 
“It’s not cute” 1 protest, sitting up and laughing too. “It’s terrible 
“Oh no it’s not,” she murmurs, cozying up against her pillows and holding her wine glass with both hands. “It’s adorable you two are totally going to end 
up together.”
My blush deepens and I put a hand on my hot cheek. “It’s so dangerous though.” 
“Yeah,” she says, agreeing. “You’ve got to be careful. But…you should also totally make out with him.” 
I burst into laughter, shaking my head. “You sound like my wolf,” I murmur. 
“Wolves are very wise,” she says sagely. “You should listen to her. And then come back here. And tell me everything.” 
“You just want gossip,” I grumble, but I can’t keep the grin off my lips. 
“Ariel,” she sighs, “beyond an enduring friendship that we can trust and build? Yes. Gossip is precisely the thing I am starved for most.” 
I burst out laughing. 
“And!” she continues, laughing with me, “Considering that you’re a hidden princess at an all–boys Alpha Academy? And you’ve somehow gathered around you like the hottest collection of celebrity boys I have ever seen? You are precisely in the best position to provide it.” 
I grin, shaking my head, because I had not considered it in that light not at all.
###Chapter 69
Chapter 69 
“Fine.” I say, yawning into my wine. “Just for you, Daphne. I’ll bite the bullet and make out with Luca Grant someday and tell you all about it.” 
She laughs with me, but…well, my wolf turns in an eager circle in my soul, desperately hoping that I do. 
“Thank you, what a martyr you 
what a martyr you are,” she says, sarcastic, but then she sighs and glances at the clock. “I think it’s time to get you back, though.” 
My jaw drops open as I look up at her clock too. “That’s impossible,” I murmur, shaking my head. 
“Deeply unfair,” she agrees, putting her wine down and reaching for mine, which I hand to her. “Will you help me make some deliveries on the way up?” she asks, gesturing towards some boxes by the door. I murmur that of course I will – I’m a gentleman cadet, after all and she laughs as we both fill our arms with boxes. 
Daphne leads me through the back corridors of the castle and, true to her word, we don’t meet a single soul. I’m fascinated by the passages, which are so different from the ones I traverse every day – much darker, smaller, and more secret. We take a freight elevator upwards and I’m a little surprised when the door opens directly into the corridor where the majority of the cadet dorms are. Ben, I think, is somewhere on this floor. 
“Oh,” I say, surprised as we step out of the elevator and the doors close, blending seamlessly with the stone wall. I run my fingers over the place where the door just was, fascinated. “God, you’d never know it was there…”
“I know,” she says. “Cool, right? Come on,” she nods towards the boys‘ doors and we quietly walk along, dropping boxes outside of doors and giving a little knock before we move away. to the next one. Calls of thanks follow us down the hall but Daphne moves quickly so that there’s no time to respond. 
When our boxes run low towards the center of the corridor, though, Daphne curses lightly under her breath, looking down at the one in her hands. 
“What?” I ask. 
“I brought the wrong one,” she sighs, looking up at me and then back towards the elevator. “Do you mind? We have to go back and get it 
“That’s okay.” I say, smiling at her. “You go on – I’ll drop off these two,” I say, nodding to the ones in my hand, “and then continue upstairs.” 
Daphne bites her lip, looking over at me, clearly remembering her promise to Rafe. 
“I’m two flights of stairs away from my room, Daph,” I say, grinning at her. “I think I can take the risk.” 
She laughs a little and nods. “Okay. But if his Highness asks, I walked you all the way to the door, yes?” 
“No worries,” I say, and then I reach out to give her a quick hug before she scurries back towards the elevator. 
I sigh with pleasure, thinking over the night with a great deal of joy as I drop the last two packages off, giving little knocks on the door as I go. God, it was just so great to be able to talk freely to someone. I mean, I can talk to Jesse and Rafe, but not the way you would a girlfriend – 
“Hey!”
I spin in the hall towards the voice behind me, suddenly wary. 
My eyes widen when I see Alan Wright standing over the package that I just dropped at his door, glaring daggers at me. 
“What the hell are you doing with my uniform!?” he snaps, stomping towards me. 
“Nothing,” I protest, stumbling a few steps back. “I just dropped it off-” 
“Why the hell are you dropping it off!?” 
“I’m just helping! I –” 
Wright grabs my collar in his fist, yanking me closer to him. I gasp in surprise and then grab his wrists, baring my teeth and kicking at his shin and his knee. “Let me fucking go!” 
He just shakes me, dodging my kicks and hauling me forward so I don’t have the room to get any good blows in. 
you alone, 
“You god damn rat,” he growls, glaring down into my face. “I’m glad I finally got you so I can rip you to shreds =” 
“What the hell!” I shout, choking a little and scrabbling at his wrist, scratching and smacking at it, trying to hurt him enough so he’ll let me go. 
“You!” he seethes, shaking me again, so hard this time that I my head snaps back on my neck. “You’re the reason my brother didn’t get in to the Academy!” 
My mind half processes his words, though I’m truly concentrating on getting the fuck away from him
“I know all about that stunt you pulled in the obstacle course! You and god damn McClintock what did you do, pay him to help you!?” 
“I didn’t do anything!” 
“You DID!” Alan shouts. 
Doors start to open down the hallway, faces popping out as Wright shoves me away from him and raises his fist like he’s going to beat me to a pulp. “You cheated, and you weaseled your way into this Academy, and you took my brother’s spot and ruined his life –” 
I flinch back as Wright moves towards me, because this man – he’s strong, as big as Jesse at least, and powerful 
“I’m going to kill you!” he shouts, drawing his arm back now as I turn to run. “You god damn –” 
– 
“Hey!” a voice snaps, and I instantly turn back towards it instinctual, primal – even though everything else in my mind is telling me to run. I turn just in time to see Lucal grabbing Wright by the arm, hauling him back as Wright begins to throw the punch that would have connected with the side of my head, probably sending me sprawling. 
“Get the fuck off of me!” Wright shouts. 
“Back off!” Luca commands, spinning Wright and shoving him, hard, so that he stumbles back against the wall. A crowd gathers now, watching. 
“They roped you in too,” Wright growls, his teeth lengthening into his fangs at the threat of a real fight, “these god damn royals getting whatever they want, bringing their pet weakling in, stealing spots from people who actually deserve them –”
“Clark,” Luca snaps, advancing on Wright now, “carned his spot here, just like everyone else.” 
Beyond my fear, my heart swells to see Luca defend me like this. 
“He” Wright starts to snarl, but Luca interrupts. 
“Enough!” Luca shouts, shoving Wright back against the wall again when he starts to stand up. Luca pins him there, a single hand flat against his chest. “One more word against Clark,” my mate growls, “and I’ll knock your god damn teeth out.” 
Wright seethes, glaring at Luca, his fangs still extended. But he doesn’t move. 
“That’s right,” Luca says. He moves his hand, standing up and staring around the hall at the gathered crowd. “And if anyone else has anything to –” 
But before he can finish, Wright surges from the wall, releasing a guttural shout as he lunges for me, fangs bared. I gasp, stepping back, raising my arms to defend 
Wright is snatched back though, and I can barely see Luca grabbing his uniform from behind, tearing it as he hauls Wright back towards him. And then, when Wright stands stumbling before him instead of lunging for me, Luca raises his fist and winds back his arm 
And then Luca delivers one hell of a punch right across Wright’s face, ripping across his cheekbone, making his head snap to the side. 
My face goes slack as Wright falls instantly to the ground, out cold. 
Luca looms above him, his shoulders hunched, his breath coming fast – a champion boxer delivering a knock–out punch and waiting, almost begging Wright to get up so he can deliver the next blow. 
Holy hell, my wolf whispers inside of me. And for once, I have…no urge to shoo her away.
When Wright doesn’t move for several silent seconds, Luca lifts his head, glaring around at everyone in the hall. 
“Does anyone have anything else they want to say?” he shouts, his fists still clenched as he slowly turns and meets everyone’s eyes. 
No one says a word. 
“Good,” he snaps, and then he turns, taking two quick steps towards me and grabbing me by the arm. “Come on,” he growls. 
And then he drags me forward, into his room.
###Chapter 70
Chapter 70 
“Luca!” I gasp, still shocked as he slams the door shut behind him and locks it. But he doesn’t say a word as he turns towards me, still livid, his jaw clenched. My eyes go wide because – is he mad at me? Is he going to – 
But he just closes the distance between us in one step, his hand flying up and knocking the cap from my head in one swift move. I gasp again, my hands flying up to my hair – 
“I fucking knew it,” Luca growls, his eyes roving over my face, my hair his nostrils flaring as he takes in my scent my real scent, which my hat has been hiding for weeks- 
– 
I barely have a moment to see his face soften, just incrementally, before he grabs me around the waist, and pulls me to him, and seals his mouth to mine. 
Instantly, I melt, going almost limp against him as Luca kisses me, as I taste him for the first time in real life, in my real body. And it is so, so much better. I moan into his mouth as my arms wrap instinctually around his neck, pulling him closer as his lips move deliberately, desperately over mine. My mouth opens to him and he takes full advantage, deepening the kiss as his arms tighten around me, pulling me tight against his chest. 
– 
I lose myself to it – to him completely, my mind going numb as my wolf howls with joy and pleasure. My body takes over as I kiss him back fiercely, shivers running all through my body, my skin tingling where every inch of it is pressed to his – 
To my mate-
And god, the way he kisses me, the way his soft lips move firm against mine, the way my head bends back on my neck 
God, I could fucking drown in it. 
But to my shock, he pulls away. “I’m sorry,” he murmurs, pulling back just an inch and looking down at me with half–lidded eyes, his hands sliding up my body to my neck, to my hair. “I’m so sorry, Ariel –” 
1 
gasp, 
shivers running through me again as I hear him say my name- 
Chapter 70 
My real name 
My eyes instantly fill with tears. “What?” I breathe, not understanding. “Why –” 
“I’m sorry,” he says again, the fingers of one of his hands burying themselves in the hair at the nape of my neck, his other hand making its way to where I’ve tucked the end of my braid in, making quick work of undoing it. “I’ve been suck a jerk this week I regret it so much, Ariel –” 
I laugh, suddenly, shocked. 
– 
“I have!” Luca says, nodding quickly as his fingers start to comb through my hair, unraveling it so that it falls down below my shoulders, rose–gold and wavy from its wrapped up in my braid. “I figured it out but I’ve been so fucking mad at you –
– 
time 
The laughter falls from my lips, quickly replaced by a guilty groan. “Luca, no,” I murmur, pressing myself close to him again so that my body is flush against his, so that I look up into his face. He wraps a hand in my hair and grasps it in his fist, like a handful of gold he desperately wants and needs. “I’m so sorry it wasn’t right, to keep it a secret – 
– 
“No,” he says, his eyes going wide. “Ariel, I get it you had to keep it secret, even from me 
– 
“I did,” I say, tears starting to slip down my face as I nod. “And I hated it 
been torture-” 
– 
I’m so sorry, it’s 
He groans now, clearly horrified to see me so sad, and he wraps an arm tight around me as he turns towards his bed, sinking down onto it and pulling me with him. I inhale sharply – 
Because suddenly, I’m in Luca Grant’s bed – 
But my mate simply lays me out next to him so that we’re face–to–face, our heads both resting on his pillow.
“Don’t cry,” he murmurs, stroking my face softly with his thumb as he wraps one leg around mine, possessive and greedy and sweet. “I don’t know what I’m going to do if you start crying I’m going to have to go punch someone else –” 
– 
I burst into laughter at this, shaking my head and lifting my hand to wipe away the few 
spare tears that worked their 
I’ve been dying to talk to you “ay out. “I’m not crying – not really it’s just…this is a lot 
about this for weeks –” 
– 
cheeks as his 
“I know,” he murmurs, pressing a series of sweet kisses to my mouth and my hand moves from my face to my hair, stroking it. “God damn it, Ariel, I could have killed that fucking Wright guy when I saw him threatening you – 
“How long have you known!?” 
“What the hell were you doing walking the halls by yourself!?” 
“Why wouldn’t you talk to me all week!?” 
But then we’re kissing again, and we both lose ourselves to it, all of our questions forgotten for the moment as my fingers stroke through his hair, as the warm summer apricot scent of him floods my nostrils and makes me go limp with wanting him. Luca rolls a little so that his weight rests slightly on
top of me, taking charge of the kiss. And god does that feel good – I didn’t even know I’d like something like that 
Too soon, he pulls away. 
“No,” I murmur, raising my mouth to his again. 
“Please,” Luca says with a soft laugh, shaking his head at me, his rich brown eyes happy. “Ariel, if you say one word to stop me, I will kiss you all god damn night. But we we have 
to talk.” 
I sigh, loosening my hands from his hair and dropping one to cover my eyes as he rolls his body away so that we’re facing each other on the pillow again. I take a few seconds, trying to compose myself, trying to force my mind to come back. 
But it is….very difficult. Inwardly my wolf lays languidly on the ground, panting, desperately happy but also still wanting more more of him, more of this, hours of it. 
– 
Luca wraps a hand around my wrist and gives it a tug, pulling my hand away from my face. And then he slides his palm against mine as I take a deep breath, taking in the handsome lines of his face, closer than I’ve ever seen it before. And up close he is…breathtaking. 
“I’m sorry,” he says again, shaking his head just slightly. 
“You don’t have to –” 
“No,” he interrupts, firm. “Let me get this out, Ariel.”
I smile, again, to hear him say my name. Seeing my expression, Luca smiles too, unable to stop. But then he forces his face into more serious lines. 
“I was an asshole this week,” he says, squeezing my hand. “I was mad at you, but I acted like a petty little baby. I should have gone right to you, the moment I figured it out 
“When was that?” I ask, desperate to know. 
“Oh, like immediately,” he says, laughing and shaking his head at himself. “The moment you ended that dream? After your hat fell off, and your hair fell down?” 
He groans as he laughs, rolling over onto his back and covering his face with his hand, shaking his head at himself. I close the distance he created, resting my 
cheek on his shoulder. 
“God, I was so stupid before,” he mutters. “Seriously, the thing that made it click for me was just that you had long hair under that cap? After all of the other clues?” 
I grin, a little pleased. “Go easy on yourself, we are very good liars.” 
“I mean, you’re not,” he says, turning to glare at me. “Seriously, you couldn’t figure out a better disguise name for Ariel than Ari? When the Princess is notoriously missing and you hang out with Rafe and Jesse all day, pretending to be their cousin? I’m just an idiot.” 
My smile deepens as I unconsciously raise a hand, stroking a finger along the length of his jaw. “Pretty idiot.” 
A smile takes over his face and his dimples flare as his eyes move slowly over me. “If I’m pretty, you’re beautiful, Ariel.”
“Really?” I say, a little anxiety twisting in me now. “You’re not…disappointed? That I’m not… Shrimp?” 
“No!” Luca says instantly, laughing and wrapping his arms around me again. “Though, honestly, you’re going to have to pay a little bit for making me question my sexuality like 
that 
“It was very sweet,” I murmur, grinning and stroking my hand over his cheek, where a little stubble is starting to let itself be known, “that you were willing to go gay for me.” 
He sighs, shaking his head and pressing his eyes shut. “Most…confusing few weeks of my life.” 
“Worth it, though?” 
“Ariel, you’re my fucking mate,” he says, his eyes opening in a flash. He stares at me, almost in disbelief. “So, so worth it. Every god damn minute.” 
Luca wraps an arm around my waist again and pulls me close. My hands wrap in the fabric of his uniform as he kisses me again, slow and deliberate, like he’s savoring every moment of it. Just as I am. 
My lips part as I tug on his shirt, wanting to feel him on top of me again, and Lucal graciously obliges, when 
We both go very, very still when a knock sounds at the door.
###Chapter 71
Chapter 71 
“Shit,” Luca whispers, staring down at me as he freezes. 
The knock comes again, more insistent this time. 
“Ari!” 
My eyes flare when I hear Jesse’s voice outside the door. “Oh no!” 
“Ari!” Jesse shouts again, pounding on the wood. “Let’s go!” 
Luca jumps up, looking frantically around at the floor as I sit up, piling my hair on top of my head as he bends over and grabs my cap, flinging it at me. Hasty, I shove it onto my head, tucking my hair up beneath it as Luca moves to the door, his eyes roving over me to make sure that I’m disguised. 
“Get up!” he hisses, and I jump to my feet, realizing that I’m still sitting on his bed – 
Not at all compromising – 
Luca takes a deep breath and then pulls the door open, leaning casually against the wall. 
“Hey, Jesse,” he says, doing his best to keep his voice even and failing, just a little bit. “You change your mind about coming to the party tonight?” 
“Nice try, Grant,” Jesse says, his voice dry as he puts a hand on Luca’s shoulder and shoves him aside, his eyes landing immediately on me as he looks into the room. “Oh hey, cousin,” he says, baring his teeth. “Whatcha doing here!?” 
I scowl at Jesse, crossing my arms and not bothering to pretend that this isn’t precisely what he thinks it is.
Jesse just laughs at me, shaking his head and glancing over his shoulder, where Ben peers. into the room. 
“I actually am here for the party,” Ben says, his voice light as he comes in and closes the door behind him. “Though you… 
Chapter 71 
“Come on, Ari,” Jesse says, holding out a hand to me. “We’ve got to get you back to the room, Rafe’s on the rampage – 
“Wait,” Luca says, frowning at Jesse and looking him up and down. “You’re not….” 
“Do you want me to flip out and pretend that I’m mad at you for making out with your mate, Luca?” Jesse says, his voice dry as he rolls his eyes. 
Luca’s eyes go wide. “Wait, you know!?” 
“You guys are mates!?” Ben gasps, staring between Luca and me. 
“What did you think was happening?” I ask, frowning at Ben as I finish tucking the spare strands of my hair beneath my cap. 
“I just thought you guys were into each other!” 
“You knew too?” Luca asks, staring at Ben now. 
“Luca,” Ben says, rolling his eyes, “anyone with a pulse knows that you’re deeply into Shrimp Clark.” 
“That is not my name,” I growl, stepping forward with my hands on my hips..
“All right, enough of this!” Jesse says, spreading his hands out and silencing us all. “God damn it, you’re all making me be the voice of reason, and you know I hate that. But Rafe does not know,” he says, looking significantly at Luca now. “And if you want to keep your head on your shoulders, I would suggest that you keep this a secret. Yes?” 
Luca sighs, looking down at the floor as he runs a hand through his hair, clearly doing the math and trying to decide if he can take Rafe. But we both know that he can’t, and that even if he could, it wouldn’t be worth the fight. 
My mate looks up and over towards me after a moment, sadness and regret all over his face, and I can’t help it – I move to his side, slipping my hand into his. 
Ben’s face bursts into a smile, but Jesse rolls his eyes. “Look, this is all very sweet, but Shrimp smells like you now so unless we’re all in for a much larger fight with a much larger Prince tonight, I think we need to get Ariel back to the room and into the bath. Yes?” 
I sigh, looking up at my mate with a shrug. “He’s not wrong. This is…not the time for this. Yeah?” 
A low growl rumbles in Luca’s chest but he squeezes my hand and nods, his head hanging. “Yeah, I guess,” he mutters, clearly displeased. I feel a sudden pang of anxiety now which is…. not mine. And my eyes go wide as I realize that…that it’s Luca’s anxiety, which I can feel pulsing towards me now down… 
Down a pretty little bond that I suddenly feel between us, shining silver in my soul. A smile bursts onto my face as I realize that I can feel that Luca is anxious that he doesn’t want to let his mate away from his side for a second. Even though he knows, obviously, that I’m in good hands with Jesse and Rafe, I’m his mate 
his to protect.
– 
He doesn’t want me to leave for many reasons, but a lot of it is that we’ve recognized each other as our mates now solidified our bond, accepted it, even if we didn’t say formal 
– 
words doing such. And he doesn’t want me out of his sight. 
I experiment a little, sending my own wonder down the bond as well. Luca’s eyes go wide and then he laughs in delight, realizing what’s happening. We just stare at each other before Jesse groans, grabbing my arm. 
adorable, and I hate to 
“Listen, this is very interrupt, but let’s. 
1. go. 
Ariel!” 
I snap my attention back to Jesse, even though I can’t stop grinning. “Fine fine,” I say, but then I stand on my tiptoes and tilt my head back, looking up at Luca, who obliges me by pressing a kiss to my mouth. 
Ben gives a satisfied little “aww” just as Jesse groans, which makes me burst out laughing as I follow Jesse to the door. But I pass a feeling along the bond to Luca, urging him to meet me in the dream state. He just grins and nods to me, letting me know that the message is received. 
And then, before I realize it, I’m out the door, being hauled along the corridor by my anxious Alpha cousin. Ben stays behind with Luca, perhaps indulging in their night of drinking, as he said he would.
Or, maybe just giving Luca someone to talk to after finally connecting with his mate, only to have her ripped from him so soon. 
I barely notice as the hallway passes before us, so lost am I in my haze. Before I know it, though, I’m back in the room and Jesse is bizarrely tugging at my shirt. 
– 
Chapter 71 
“Get in the bath, Ariel,” he murmurs, frantic. 
“Jesse!” I gasp, swatting at his hands. “What are you doing!?” 
“Baby cousin,” he says, dropping his hands from my clothes and slapping both hands on my cheeks so that my face is pressed between his palms – not hard enough to hurt but certainly sharp enough to get my attention. “You’re killing me here. Your brother is coming back any second now – and you smell disgustingly of your mate. Okay? So unless you want to break this news to him tonight- 
“Okay okay” I say, tearing my face from his hands and striding for the bathroom. 
“Leave your clothes just inside the door!” Jesse calls after me. “I’ll send them down in the dumbwaiter, tell Rafe you….spilled something on them at Daphne’s, or whatever.” 
“You’re the best!” I say, grinning at him as I start to close the door. 
“You owe me!” he calls after. “One date with Daphne, that’s the price for my secrecy!” 
I just laugh, shaking my head as I press the door shut and start to strip down. Even as I do, though, I can’t help the little squeal of joy that breaks from my lips as I do a little dance. around the marble floor. 
Because I have a mate! And he’s really cute! And he knows I exist!
And we have a date tonight in the dream state. 
God, I’ve never been so excited to go to bed.
###Chapter 72
Chapter 72 
Unfortunately, that night when I go into the dream state, Luca isn’t there. 
Anxiety whirs in me as I turn around in the birch forest, looking for him, but it’s…definitely just me by myself. I frown, trying to feel him…is he just…not asleep? 
And there’s..certainly something there. It’s almost like I can…feel him sleeping down the bond. There’s a deep rest there, and a stillness, but… 
I don’t know. It’s almost like he’s not dreaming, not at all. 
I sigh, working very hard not to take it personally, and then I will the dream to end. I wake up for a moment in my little nook, frowning, wondering ridiculously if I should just…go downstairs and knock on his door, make sure that he’s okay. 
But no – Rafe was really upset when he came back to the room. And not just pissed that I didn’t follow the plan to the letter, but genuinely worried for me. His shoulders had been trembling when I had come out of the shower and he had wrapped me in a big hug, scolding me but holding me close nonetheless. 
He’d heard about Wright attacking me in the hall, of course, and of Luca punching him out and pulling me into his room where I’d be safe. Jesse exaggerated how quickly he got there, suggesting it had only been minutes later. Rafe, thank god, hadn’t been suspicious. 
Because I don’t really need to answer my big brother’s questions, right now, about why I’m making out with Luca Grant while my mate, Jackson McClintock, lives only a few doors down. 
I sigh now, looking towards Rafe’s big bed where I can hear him snoring softly, wishing he didn’t take my safety so personally. He just loves me, I know, and I love him right back but it’s not his life’s duty to keep me safe like this.
– 
Regardless, as tempting as the idea to go down to knock on my mate’s door is, I’m not risking Rafe waking up to find me alone. So instead I turn over and close my eyes, letting myself drift off into a nice, restful sleep. I have the other dream again the one that I had before, of running along the moonlit cliffside in my wolf form, another wolf at my heels. It fills me with a great deal of peace and joy, running in the night. 
– 
I’m happy when I wake up, stretching my arms over my head as my brother and my cousin call their morning greetings to me. But there’s anxiety alongside it because where had Luca been? Why hadn’t he come? 
He’s not still mad at me, is he? I thought we left that all behind… 
– 
I’m distracted from the issue, though, by the insanely rigorous workout that Jesse and Rafe put me through. Saturdays, apparently, have brunch instead of breakfast in order to allow cadets to rest and catch up on some reading. But Jesse and Rafe, because they are athletic maniacs, use the opportunity to make me run five miles and then do so many sets of pull- ups that my arms feel like jelly. 
“Why do you….hate me….” I gasp as I pull my chin up over the bar. 
“Incorrect, Shrimpito,” Jesse says, sitting on the floor next to the bar and flipping through a textbook, taking notes. “It is love that makes us give you pain.” 
“This is what they say in abusive relationships,” I say, dropping from the bar and panting with my hands on my knees while Rafe pats my back.
“Your upper body’s your weak point,” Rafe says. “We’re just getting you strong for the Examination. What if they ask you to climb something.” 
“I’ll just melt it,” I mutter, making Jesse laugh. “With my mind.” 
Rafe smirks too but claps his hands together. “Two more sets, baby touble! Let’s go!” 
Rafe carries my backpack to brunch because it aches when I set it on my shoulders, though he carries it as lightly as any of mom’s purses. I scowl at him, jealous of the passive ease with which he does hard things, but my scowl is instantly wiped from my face when we walk into the Hall and I glance towards our table. 
I burst into a grin because instantly, instantly I have an answer to why Luca didn’t come to the dream state last night. 
Both Luca and Ben are sitting at our table with full plates of food in front of them, their faces green. Ben rests his head against his folded arm and gives up halfway through giving us a wave of greeting. Luca just sits with his eyes closed, massaging his temples and looking like he’s going to vomit at any minute. But his eyes fly open when Ben murmurs his hellos. 
Luca is instantly on his feet, passing Rafe and moving directly for me. Before I can stop him, he takes my face in his hands, looking down into my eyes with such sorrow and regret that my mouth falls open. 
“I am so sorry,” he murmurs. “We‘ 
“Would you cut it out!?” Jesse hisses, hitting Luca hard on the forearm and knocking his hands away. Luca jumps a little and steps back, looking guiltily towards Jesse and then to Rafe, who thankfully had his back turned. 
–
But my heart goes out to Luca, whose emotions I can feel down the bond such guilt, and worry, and the idea that he let me down 
I just shake my head at him, smiling, passing feelings of calm and content down the bond. Because I get it – it was a mistake. He and Ben got caught up drinking it’s really not a big deal. 
– 
“Wow,” Rafe says, laughing as he looks first at Ben and then at Luca as we all take our seats, me by Luca’s side as usual. “You two…you look like 
crap.” 
“Thank you,” Ben says, smiling half–heartedly at Rafe, “for your kind words. I am far from crap. I aspire to be crap. I am…much much worse.” 
“What the hell were you drinking?” Jesse asks, helping himself to the full carafe of coffee on the table and pouring me and Rafe a cup as well. 
“Vodka,” Luca sighs, as if the very word pains him. “At least, they said it was vodka. One of the older cadets probably made it in their bathtub that’s what it tasted like.” 
– 
“Ew,” I say, grabbing a blueberry muffin from the basket on the table. 
“Will you eat one of those for me?” Luca asks, longing at the muffin longingly. “They look so good, and I’m so hungry, but even the idea of food…” He exhales sharply, his cheeks puffing out as he shakes his head. 
“Poor baby,” I murmur, taking a big bite and chewing with relish. “It’s your own fault, rule breaker.”
“Oh please, little miss sanctimonious,” he murmurs, low enough to get away with the 
Chapter 72 
feminine address but making me sit up sharply anyway. 
“What?!” I ask, laughing. 
“Don’t try to pretend you weren’t drinking red wine last night.” 
I gasp, sitting up straight, because…how did he know!? 
“Ari was what?” Rafe asks, frowning between Luca and I. 
“Drinking,” Luca says, pointing at me with an accusatory finger and ratting me out. I gasp again at the betrayal. “Wherever he was before I found him in the hallway about to get murdered? He had wine.” 
Rafe narrows his eyes a me. “Seriously, Ari? Wine, with Daphne? You’re risking it all for a glass of wine?” 
“No one was ever going to know!” 
“Who’s Daphne?” Luca asks, suddenly desperately interested. 
“My girlfriend,” I snap, glaring at him, which makes him burst into laughter. 
“Don’t play with fire, Ari,” Rafe says, still disappointed in me, and I sigh and nod, silently making a sibling promise between him and I that I won’t do it again. 
But then I glare at Luca, who just laughs at me, teasing. I just shake my head, wondering how the hell he knew that…
But then words echo in my head, clear as day, in Luca’s voice: I could taste it on you, he murmurs, a caress in my mind. 
And I gasp despite myself, delighted and a little scandalized at once. 
Mind–to–mind!? We can speak mind–to–mind!? 
I grin at my mate, and he smiles back with a wink. But then he flinches like even that hurt him in his hungover state, and I laugh, thinking that he deserves it for telling on me.
###Chapter 73
Chapter 73 
The rest of the day passes lazily and well. Ben and Luca come back to the room with us, and we light a cozy fire. Ben stretches out in front of the hearth with his head buried in a pillow, and even though I insist that he go sleep in my little nook for a bit he protests that he’s fine. So I settle for spreading my pretty green blanket over him to keep him cozy. 
Ben murmurs his thanks, and the rest of us get to work. 
Well, the unhungover amongst us get to work, Rafe and Jesse settling into their chairs with books. Luca just lays his long body out on the couch, his open textbook resting on his chest, his eyes closed as he breathes peacefully. 
“Budge over, couch hog.” I say, smacking at Luca’s foot. 
“No,” he murmurs. 
I laugh, hitting him harder, and he sighs as he cracks one eye at me, his dimples deepening as he pulls his legs up to make just enough room for me, groaning like it’s the hardest thing he’s ever done. I laugh harder as I sit down in my spot. 
“How did you ever become a championship boxer,” Jesse murmurs, one eye on Luca, “when you’re such a baby?” 
“Sheer talent,” Luca mutters. “Also, meaner friends you guys are really letting me go soft.” 
– 
“Don’t blame us for not being your jailers and your coaches,” Rafe murmurs, his eyes still on his work, “we have to do enough of that with Ari –”
“Hey!” I protest, glaring at him. He raises his eyes to me, quirking an eyebrow, and I just scowl. Because he’s…right. 
As soon as I get settled on the couch Luca stretches out his legs again, draping them over my lap this time. I protest, but he ignores me, so eventually I just prop my chemistry book up on his shins and get to work. 
Because honestly, I don’t mind it – I like the nearness of him, the casual touch. Joy thrums through me and I know that it’s half mine, half his. Because even though he’s sick as a dog. 
there’s clearly no place either of us would be than on this couch together, casually touching. just…living our lives together. 
I can’t keep the smile off of my face the whole time I study. 
When Jesse gets up a few hours later to stretch and take a break, he frowns at Luca anew. “Seriously, Luc,” he says, clasping his hands above his head and bending back and forth to stretch out his arms. “I’m not trying to pry, but are you keeping in shape? Especially with this prize fight coming up over winter break –” 
“What?” I ask, shocked. 
“Prize fight,” Jesse says, shifting his eyes to me. “You didn’t read about it before we left?” 
“I was a little distracted before we left,” I say, my voice dripping with understatement, and Jesse grins, remembering how frantic I was before planning my wedding. Plus I stayed completely away from news and tabloids, which all spent many pages speculating on what I was going to wear. 
“It was conditional upon me getting accepted to the Academy as a cadet,” Luca says, opening his eyes and pushing himself up a little so that he can look at me. “But yeah I just got word that it’s going
through.” 
“It’s…kind of a big deal,” Jesse says, looking at me with a little worry now. “I thought you. knew about it, Ari.” 
“Do you…all know about this?” I ask, looking around at the four of them. 
Rafe meets my eyes now and nods. I shift my eyes to Ben, who doesn’t sit up but shoots met a thumbs–up to let me know he, too, was aware. 
“Well, what is it?” I ask, suddenly anxious. 
“It’s kind of a…champion thing,” Luca replies with a shrug, “I’m representing Moon Valley, as both the highest–ranking boxer and, now, a member of the military. I mean, I have to get through the Examination, but I’m not super worried about that 
– 
“Wait, stop 
I say, throwing out a hand, a little frantic now. “Why are you representing Moon Valley? Who who are you fighting?” 
Luca hesitates, so Rafe answers for him. “He’s fighting the Atalaxian champion, Ari,” he says softly. “He’s coming over as part of a delegation. It’s part cultural connection, part display of military prowess, part…peace talks.” 
“Are you serious!?” I shout, appalled. Because this this is a way bigger deal than they were making it out to be. 
“It’s fine,” Luca says, shrugging. “I’m happy to do it proud, even ”
– 
“Luca,” I say, leaning forward and staring at him, “the Atalaxian military is brutal 
“I mean, I’m going to win,” he says with a confident shrug, a little smug but also a little offended that I’m doubting him. 
I sit back a little, half torn by my allegiance and my faith in him and half knowing that his confidence…is not going to be enough to pull him through. 
Luca looks around at all of us. “Do you all seriously doubt me?” he says, his feelings obviously hurt. 
“We don’t doubt you at all,” Jesse says, frowning. “Ari doesn’t know what he’s talking about when it comes to boxing, he’s just worried about you,” he says, pointing at me. 
My mouth falls open in protest, but Rafe speaks before I can say anything. “You don’t know anything about boxing, Ari,” he says on a sigh. And I scowl, shutting my mouth because… well, because again, they’re probably right. But still! My mate, in a prize fight against the champion of a notoriously brutal military force!? 
“But,” Rafe continues, lifting his head to look at Luca now, “Jesse’s not wrong. been training-” 
“I work out every day! You’re there, you know!” 
You haven’t 
“I do know,” Rafe says, raising his eyebrows. “So I know that you’re as fit as you’ve ever been, but you aren’t doing boxing workouts. Your uncle is going to be appalled when he gets you back in the gym over midwinter.” 
Luca scowls, looking down at the floor, realizing that Rafe’s right.
THE 
“We’ll work out with you,” Jesse says, gesturing between him and Rafe. “If that’s what want. I mean, we’re not as good as you, but we’re not crap! 
“And I will watch, and encourage from the sidelines,” Ben murmurs from the floor. 
“Thanks, guys,” Luca says, frowning around at us. “That’s…really generous of you.” 
“Anytime,” Jesse says, sitting back down in his chair. 
you 
“Quit dicking around with alcohol, though,” Rafe murmurs, his own attention back on his book now. “It’s only going to make you weak, and then you’ll embarrass the nation. And I hate losing, even on a national level.” 
Luca laughs, promising that he will, but I’m still frowning at him when he turns his attention back to me. 
What? He asks, placing the question directly into my mind. 
“Do you have to go to Atalaxia?” I ask, worried. “For the fight?” 
“No,” Luca says, his face bursting into a grin. “Ari, the fight is at home, in the city. You’ve – I mean, your whole family has already been invited. You’re going to be there.” 
My eyes go wide as I realize what he means- that I won’t be there as Ari Clark, but instead as Princess Ariel. 
But…I mean, will I be out of hiding at that time? Will my family have patched things up enough with that horrible Prince I left at the altar, so that I can re–emerge into society?
And…what will it mean to go to the fight? Will I go as Princess? As Luca’s friend’s sister? 
Or…or as the champion boxer’s mate? 
I’m still staring at Luca, confused and pondering the complexities of this when a knock comes at the door. Jesse, always ready for something new, springs out of his chair and strides over to it. We all turn, and my face goes a little pale when the door opens and Jesse reveals Jackson standing there, a note in his hand. 
“Hey, Jackson!” Jesse says, ever–friendly. “Come on in!” 
“No thanks,” Jackson says instantly, his eyes moving to me on the couch. “Can’t stay – I was just asked to deliver a note.” 
“For me?” Jesse asks, eager. 
Jackson huffs a laugh, flicking his eyes back to Jesse. “No, for Ari. I just had a meeting with Alvez,” he says, rolling his eyes, “on some….homework stuff.” 
I intuit, instantly, that Jackson doesn’t want to share the details of magic class in front of Luca and Ben, and I know that Jesse and Rafe respect that alongside me. 
“How did that go?” Rafe asks, his voice low with doubt. 
“Precisely as you probably think it did,” Jackson responds in much the same tone, “which is to say…it sucked.” 
I laugh, and after a moment Jesse and Rafe do too. Luca stays stonily silent, and Ben just lays on the floor – maybe even fell asleep. 
“Anyway,” Jackson says, holding the note out towards me. “He asked me to bring you this.”
“Thanks!” I say, genuinely grateful, and I shove at Luca’s legs, trying to get up. 
But Luca? 
He doesn’t move an inch, trapping me awkwardly in my seat.
###Chapter 74
Chapter 74 
“Luca,” I growl, shoving uselessly at his shins, “let me up.” 
Luca just glares at Jackson at the door and then over at me. He can come to you, Luca says. into my mind, possessive and predatory. I narrow my eyes at him, pissed. 
But there’s no time to think any more about it, because suddenly Jackson’s smokey pine scent strengthens and I look up to see him at my side. 
“Here,” Jackson says, holding out the note to me and looking between Luca and I curiously. He frowns, a little, when he notices Luca’s legs stretched out over my lap. 
“Thanks, Jacks,” I say, smiling up at him. 
“Jacks?” Luca asks, and I turn to see him raising an eyebrow, his eyes flicking between the two of us. “What, the two of you are on like…a nickname basis now?” 
The room is silent for a long, awkward moment as my two mates glare at each other and my cheeks go red. Honestly, I hadn’t even noticed that I’d given Jackson a nickname it all happened very naturally. 
“Yeah, I guess we are, Grant,” Jackson says, his voice quiet and dangerous. 
– 
The room returns to its awkward silence as I lower the note to my lap and awkwardly stare at it, not knowing what to do or how to mediate this. Because obviously, obviously I’m the cause of all of this and I’m the only one who knows it. 
–
“Well, I for one like it!” Jesse says, grinning at the drama and leaning against the doorframe. “Are you sure you won’t stay for dinner, Jacks?” 
I flick my eyes to my cousin, grateful. 
“Nah,” Jackson says with a sigh before reaching out a hand and giving me a warm pat on the shoulder. I look up in surprise at the touch, and then grin at him, unable to help it. He smiles back before he turns and heads towards the door. “A little…crowded in here, as it is.” 
Ben and Rafe call their goodbyes as Jesse ushers Jackson out the door, telling him to come 
and spend some time with us soon. Luca is noticeably silent as I unfold my note and read through it. 
“What is it?” Rafe asks, leaning towards me, almost as if he is trying to see the writing in my lap. 
“It’s from Alvez,” I ignoring Luca’s jealous energy as best I can. “He wants to see me at office hours tomorrow.” 
me at office hou.. 
“Well, have fun with that,” Rafe says, relaxing instantly and turning back to his textbook. 
“What do you mean?” I ask, refolding the note and tucking it between the pages of my book. 
“It’s boring,” Rafe replies, and I remember now that he got paired with Alvez for his magic homework. “Just a lot of sitting around trying to….do things to a marble. I mean, I’m sure mom hired him for a reason, but I think a lot of this stuff we’re learning is guess work at best. At least at the beginning, until you can figure out what you can do.” 
“What are you guys talking about?” Luca asks, frowning and looking between us.
Jesse opens his mouth to answer, probably intending to tell Luca the truth, but I speak first, interrupting. 
“Classified,” I say, snapping my eyes up to my cousin, who raises his eyebrows in surprise that I want to keep the secret from my mate. 
“We’re not the only ones in that class,” I say cagily, looking between Rafe and Jesse. “It’s not right to share anything unless Jackson and Tony agree first.” 
“Whatever,” Luca says, sighing and holding up his hands.. 
“I, for one, would like it known that I do not care,” Ben murmurs from his place by the fire, and a grin breaks onto my face at his exhausted tone. “And, further, that if any of you have any pain killers….it would be great if you crushed them up and placed them quietly under my tongue. Thank you.” 
I smile at my poor friend laying on the floor and turn to Luca, eager for the opportunity to change the subject. “What did you do to him last night?” 
Chapter 74 
“Nothing he didn’t consent to,” Lauca says casually, giving me a smirk. But in my mind, he takes a different tact. Don’t think we’re finished talking about this, he murmurs, his words a caress as much as warning that this conversation is not done. 
I just sigh, and nod, and send back an impression of the dream state, letting him know that we can talk about it more safely there. 
Luca just nods, and closes his eyes, and continues his nap. 
That night, after dinner has been eaten and Luca and Ben have finally shuffled off to bed, I finally rest my freshly–showered head down on my pillow, a little anxious about how to handle this conversation
with Luca. I mean, I get why he’s jealous of Jackson – why he doesn’t want any other young men near me showing me any special attention. 
We’re newly mated, after all, which is apparently a very volatile state. 
But still it’s a fine line for me to walk, isn’t it? Because Jackson – he has just as much of a right to my company as Luca does. 
And obviously the clearest and fairest thing to do would be to explain that to both of them – but doing that opens a whole can of worms that I’m not sure I’m ready to face just yet. I mean, I haven’t even let Jackson know that I’m a girl yet, let alone his mate I can’t just casually spring that all on him when he comes by to deliver a note from our professor, right? 
We should tell him, my wolf urges, turning a circle in my soul. We should tell both of them. 
I know, I murmur, stroking a hand over her silky fur. And we will…we just…we need more. time. 
– 
She gives a little howl of discontent but lets me be with it, knowing that I’m right that I’m trying to balance too much, and just coming out with the truth to everyone right now could make it all come crashing down. 
So I just sigh, and close my eyes, and work to fall asleep, eager to meet my one mate who knows I exist in our little dream forest. 
When I open my eyes again, I smile to feel the familiar breeze against my skin. And this time, for once, I don’t bother to change into my cadet uniform, instead letting my hair blow 
loose, enjoying the feel of my soft white nightgown against my skin.
“Hello, gorgeous,” Luca murmurs, and I turn to see him standing right there, almost like I conjured him. His arm goes instantly around my waist, pulling me close as he uses his other hand to tuck my hair behind my car. 
“Hi,” I say, wrinkling my nose in pleasure and leaning against him. “Are you feeling better yet?” 
“Much better,” he murmurs, lowering his face and nudging my nose with his. “Dream forest makes everything feel great. You look very pretty, by the way – big improvement, I have to say, over your cadet uniform.” 
I laugh, frowning and pretending to be offended. “I thought I looked quite sharp in cadet black,” I protest, though I don’t really mean it as I wrap my arms around his neck. 
“Oh, you do,” Luca sighs, smiling down at me, his dimples deepening as his eyes rove over face. “I just…like you soft and delicate too. All stages of Ariel are very good – this one is just different from what I’m used to. The novelty is nice.” 
my 
“Look at you, saying all the right things,” I sigh. “They should put you on ambassador track.” 
“Hold your tongue,” he growls, narrowing his eyes at me. “I am warrior, through and through. You wouldn’t have it any other way.” 
I grin then, loosening my grip from around his neck and putting my hands flat against his chest. “No,” I say, shaking my head and suddenly giving him a little push, “no I would not.” 
Luca gasps, stumbling backwards, but to his surprise the back of his knees hit a very plush mattress and he falls backwards onto a bed that I’ve conjured out of thin air. It takes him a second to figure out what happened, but then he just turns his head upwards and grins at
1. me. 
“Well, that’s a clever little party trick,” he murmurs before leaning forward and grabbing me by the waist, hauling me down with him. 
I shriek with delight as I fall into my mate’s arms.
###Chapter 75
Chapter 75 
Luca pulls me again against his chest and then turns his body so that my back is flat against the mattress, my hair spread out around me. 
“Nice addition to the dream forest, Princess,” Luca murmurs, hovering his face over mine and pressing kisses to each of my checks. “What else can you do?” 
“Oh, whatever I want,” I sigh, stretching my arms languidly over my head and enjoying the feeling of his weight pressing me down into the mattress, as I did yesterday. It’s my new favorite thing, and honestly I don’t see how I’ll ever get sick of it. 
– 
“Can you just like, vanish our clothing?” he asks, sending me a cheeky glance before lowering his lips to my neck and dragging kisses there short little ones that send shivers all across my skin and set little flecks of light into the air, as his touch always does. “Just make us immediately naked?” 
“I can do that to me,” I say, turning my head and considering the possibility. “Though you’re in charge of your own clothes, sir.” 
“I am?” he asks, lifting his head to peer at me curiously. “How do you know that?” 
“Because,” I laugh, raising a hand to his head and letting my fingers drift through the dark strands of his hair before they move down his neck and then over his shoulder. “I wouldn’t have known to pick this outfit. I’ve never seen you in anything but candidate or cadet clothes. But I bet it’s something you’re comfortable in, isn’t it?” 
Luca takes a second to look down at himself, considering. “What, joggers and a black sweatshirt isn’t your fantasy look for me, Ariel?” he asks, and I burst into laughter. Luca raises his eyes to mine and
grins at me, clearly enjoying making me laugh. 
“I actually like you in your cadet uniform,” I confess, which makes his smile broaden. “You look like….sinfully good, Luca. It’s really a shame that the tabloids haven’t gotten a picture of you in it yet – you’d drive all the girls crazy, not to mention really do a lot to boost enrollment at the Academy – 
Luca laughs at this and then, like he can’t help it, presses a kiss to my mouth. When he pulls away, I do a bit of a double take, because his clothing has actually changed. I grin 
impulsively to see that my Luca is back the version in his high–collared black uniform, his hair swept neatly back from his face. 
“Now that’s what I’m talking about,” I murmur, letting my fingers do as they please and bury themselves in his hair as I raise my lips to his neck now, pressing them to the skin right at the edge of that collar, as I’ve been dying to do for weeks – basically since the moment I saw him wear it. 
Luca groans softly as my lips move over his skin, a shudder passing through his shoulders. and then he dips his face, nudging my cheek with his nose so that I lift my mouth to his again. He kisses me, fast and hard, almost desperate to have me, to claim me as his own. And I kiss him right back, matching every inch of him, my lips meeting every fervid stroke of his tongue like they were made for it. 
Which, I mean, they probably were. 
My heart is racing, my breath coming fast as Luca deepens the kiss, rolling his body over mine so that our stomachs press together, though he takes the majority of his weight on his forearms so that he doesn’t crush me completely beneath him. Following some instinct I didn’t know I had, I angle my head just slightly, opening my mouth further to him as my left knee comes up, brushing against the outside of his thigh before hooking over his hip. 
Luca takes full advantage of the new position, dipping his tongue deep into my mouth in a
that makes me moan, running his hand all the way down my side to cup my ass as he settles himself between my legs, as he press his hips forward against me – 
way 
I gasp, suddenly, my eyes flying open when I feel…him. 
Feel it. 
Pressed…well. Precisely where it wants to go. 
I go very, very still, staring up at my mate, shocked and not knowing at all what to do. 
“What?” Luca asks, suddenly wary as his own eyes open and he looks down at me. He pulls his face back a little, searching my expression. “Ariel, what’s wrong?” 
“Um,” I say, my face suddenly burning with my blush as I glance downward, not knowing wha 
to say – 
Or how to feel 
Because, I mean, it’s not that I don’t..don’t like it….because I think I do!? I just this is all very new, and very fast….. 
Luca inhales sharply as he takes in my blush, the direction of my glance, and the position of our bodies that initiated such a reaction in me. And he bursts into a smile. 
I groan, whipping my hands up to my face and covering it as my cheeks redden even further. 
“No, stop!” he says, laughing lightly and subtly moving his hips away so that he’s not pressed so blatantly against me. “Don’t be embarrassed, Ariel.” He laughs more though, pulling my hands away
and pressing more kisses to my hot cheeks. 
“I’m sorry,” I murmur, shaking my head. 
“Stop,” he commands, lifting his face to look me in the eyes. “Please, Ariel, it’s my fault. got carried away.” 
I 
“You didn’t!” I protest. “It’s fine – let’s keep going –” I raise my chin then, closing my eyes, fully intending to continue making out with my mate, but to my surprise he just laughs again and shifts his position, rolling onto his side and taking me with him so that we’re face–to–face, instead of with him on top. I open my eyes, curious and a little guilty. wondering if I’ve killed the mood, or – 
“I’m sorry,” he murmurs, his face still close to should have realized that you’d be surprised 
mine, stroking my cheek with his thumb. “I 
I frown at him, confused. “Why should you have realized that?” 
His smile deepens. “Because you’re a virgin, Ariel.” 
My frown develops into a glare. “Why do you think that, Luca!?” 
But he just bursts into laughter, shaking his head at me and grinning. I sigh, rolling my eyes and giving it up. 
“Oh fine,” I huff, looking away. “I am. But how did you know!?” 
He shrugs. “Just a hunch. You’re so sweet and you can be…well, very innocent, Ari.” 
I open my mouth to protest but he silences me with a swift kiss.
“It’s not an insult,” he says after a moment when he pulls away, shaking his head. “It’s just the truth, yeah? You’re not very experienced in all of this, which is fine. It makes sense that you wouldn’t have as much experience in these areas. I should have gone slower – eased 
you into it. I’m sorry I got swept up in the moment.” 
I bite my lip, worried. 
– 
“What?” he asks, nudging me again with his nose. 
you want,” 
“I don’t want you to have to go at a glacial pace just for my sake, if that’s not what I sigh, wrapping my hands in the fabric of his uniform and tugging him closer, wanting him to be as happy as I am. 
“It’s not for your sake, it’s for our sake,” he whispers, tucking my hair back behind my car. “It’s about us together, not either of us individually. And it’s not easy, learning about…sex, and all this romance stuff.” 
I blush again, scowling and looking away. 
Luca suddenly laughs again. “What?” he says, squeezing me tighter, insistent. “Talk to me, little mate. What are you thinking?” 
“I’m just suddenly wishing I was a lot sluttier,” I mutter, looking away, still a little embarrassed. Luca’s laugh deepens as I continue. “Honestly, then I’d know all of this, and you wouldn’t have to put the breaks on your own instincts just to accommodate me –” 
–
“Oh no, Princess,” Luca murmurs, grabbing me again I’m finding that I like this being grabbed and rolled around thing very much, I note and pulling me so that I’m laying on top of him now, my hair falling loose around both of us. “I’ve been slutty enough for both of us in the past ten years – and I’m going to very much enjoy teaching you everything I 
know.” 
I grin down at my mate, my fingers brushing against his cheek as my eyes dart over his beautiful face, his warm smile. “Everything?” 
Chapter 75 
“Oh,” he murmurs, his hand coming up to knot his fingers in my hair, “absolutely everything.”
###Chapter 76
Chapter 76 
I lean forward, wanting to kiss him very much again, but suddenly his words register fully. with me and I give a little squeak, sitting up straight. 
“What?” Luca asks, suddenly concerned. 
“Wait,” I say, looking at him askance as I let my knees fall on either side of his waist, straddling him with my hands on his chest. “Precisely how slutty were you, Luca Grant?” 
He grins up at me, broad and happy. “What answer do you want, Ariel? The truth, or the one that’s going to make you want to kiss me again?” 
“The truth,” I growl, giving him a little smack on the chest. 
“Do that again,” he murmurs, one hand slipping to my back and pressing me forward a little bit, “I liked that.” 
“Pay attention, boy,” I command, pointing a finger into his face, though I lean forward a little more. “Now, spill.” 
Luca shrugs, noncommittal, laying casually back on the magical dream bed and letting his hands rest on my thighs. “I have not been a very chaste man, Ariel. If a girl and I liked each other, and we wanted to, I didn’t hold back. Does that upset you?” 
I tilt my head to the side for a second, balancing my jealousy with my common sense. “Well, no,” I say, my words slow and measured. “But, how many girls were there?” 
“That I’ve kissed? Or that I’ve slept with? Because those are very different numbers –”
My mouth falls open in shock as I stare at him, and he grins at me again, clearly y amused. “You’re very sweet,” he murmurs, his hands starting to rub distracting circles on my thighs. 
“Slept with, then,” I say, through my teeth, doing my best to not get distracted by the way. his hands feel on my legs. 
Luca’s grin deepens. “Somewhere around fifty?” he says, giving another one of those too- casual shrugs. 
My jaw drops again, accompanied by a shocked huff of air. 
“What?” he says, grinning at me, his hands pausing on my thighs and taking hold there, like he’d stop me if I tried to run away. “Too many?” 
“You hussy!” I gasp, raising my hand before I think about what I’m doing and smacking him again on the chest. 
Luca bursts out laughing at this as I raise my hand again. 
“And around fifty!?” I raise my hand again, “like you can’t even be bothered to remember some of them!?” My hand falls, aiming for the same place, but before it can connect Luca’s moving, sitting up as he grabs my wrist out of the air, his movement shifting me back at little so that I’m sitting in his lap with his other hand tight against the small of my back so I don’t fall backwards. 
“I’m your hussy now,” he murmurs, his voice honestly a little delighted at my outrage. “just think of it as my…education, which I can now put to good use.” And then, almost as if to prove his point, Luca uses the hand pressed to the small of my back to press me tighter into his lap, grinding against me in a way that lets me feel all of him. At the same time, he leans in and presses his lips to the soft skin of my throat, just above my clavicle.
And in combination… 
I groan, my head falling back as I feel a heat bloom in my core. My eyes flutter shut as Luca delivers a long, slow lick to my throat, and I find my hips moving on their own, wanting to press tighter against the hard length of him now instead of shying away from it. 
“See?” he murmurs, his lips still against the skin of my neck. “It’s not all so bad.” 
“Luca,” I say, half moan and half sigh, as I raise my head and take his face in my hands. Because as much as I definitely want to keep going, want to keep experimenting, this is definitely a conversation we need to have. 
“Hmm?” he hums, inviting my question. 
“How…” I hesitate, not wanting to hurt his feelings, “how can you have slept with fifty women?” 
He grins, like it wasn’t difficult at all, and I laugh a little, surprised to find myself grinning 
back at him. 
“I’m serious, Luca!” I say, looping my arms around his neck and forcing myself to pout a little, wanting him to be just a little more serious. “I mean…” I blush lightly, because I know I’m going to sound naive but…well, I want to know. “You can’t have loved them all. Did you love…any of them?” 
“A few,” he says, his face falling into more serious lines as he tightens his arm around my waist, pulling me close. “I’ve had serious relationships, Ariel. But the majority of them…no, I didn’t love them. But sex it’s not always about love.” 
—
“Then what’s it about?” I ask, dead curious. Because I’ve never had anyone to talk to about this sort of stuff. My mom made sure I know everything I need to know about the mechanics of sex and babies, and I know that I could always go to her to ask whatever I wanted. 
But this sort of thing, the personal side of it? The sort of thing you talk to your friends. about? 
Well, my friends are just as na?ve as me. 
Or at least I thought they were 
until Jesse blew their cover. I scowl, a little, thinking about it, and Luca grins at me, lifting a hand and brushing his thumb over my frowning lip like he loves the shape of it. 
“Sometimes,” he murmurs, “sex is just about two people who are attracted to each other getting naked and doing really weird things to each other’s bodies.” 
I burst into laughter then, my head tilting back on my neck. Luca laughs with me, I can feel his body vibrating against mine. “Luca!” I gasp. “That is the least romantic thing I’ve ever heard!” 
“Well, sometimes it’s not romantic!” he replies, laughing with me as I raise my head and smile at him. “But it can be. Or it can be really intimate, and bring people closer.” Almost as if to illustrate he tightens his arm again, pulling me flush against his chest and brushing his cheek up the length of my neck before pulling back a little and staring into my face, his brown eyes warm. 
“I think I’d prefer the latter,” I say, my voice a little dry. 
“With you?” he says, tilting his head to the side. “It will be all of it, Ariel, at different times. But,” he gives me a soft smile now, understanding, that warms me body and soul. “We don’t have to do any of that now or anytime soon. We’ll go slow. I…want you to like it.”
I take my face in my hands, leaning close so my lips brush his as I speak. “I do like it, Luca,” I murmur. “I just…it’s new.” 
He nods, understanding. “Plus,” he says, considering, “you shouldn’t lose your virginity in a dream state.” 
“Oh yeah?” I ask, my face bursting into a smile. “Then where should I lose it, the dorm room of an all– boys war academy?” 
“Certainly not,” he says, frowning at me like it’s a ridiculous idea. “I was thinking, like, the hallway of that academy, about five minutes from now? We’ll meet halfway, I’ll just like, pin you down in the staircase –” 
I burst out laughing, tucking my head against his shoulder and shaking it. “Luca!” I protest. 
“I know,” he murmurs, laughing with me, holding me close and rocking me back and forth just a little. “I’m just kidding, gorgeous.” 
“Gorgeous,” I say, lifting my head and smiling down at him again. “I like this new nickname. Better than Shrimp.” 
“Shrimp is for the rest of the world,” he sighs, grinning at me. “Gorgeous that’s just for me and you.” 
“Good,” I murmur, lowering my face to his again, wanting nothing more than to kiss him and kiss him and kiss him for the rest of the night. “I like this – having a secret with you.” 
“First of many,” he murmurs, and then Luca turns me again, laying me flat out on the mattress and proceeding to kiss me senseless for hours on end.
###Chapter 77
Chapter 77 
When I wake up the next morning. I am in an absolute daze of joy. 
Rafe just smiles at me as he passes my nook on the way to the bathroom, happy to see me happy, but Jesse immediately knows what’s up as I stretch my arms over my head, unable to keep the smile off of my face. 
“Ugh, it’s so unfair,” he moans, flopping back into his own pillow pile as the bathroom door closes behind Rafe. 
“What, do you want to swap with me?” I ask him, teasing. “Make out with Luca in the dream state instead?” 
“No, I don’t want to swap,” Jesse mutters, bitter, lifting his head to glare at me. “It’s just very unfair, Ariel, that you get to wake up in a sex haze while the rest of us are all pent up- 
– 
“No one is stopping you from making out with the other cadets, Jesse,” I say with a happy sigh, climbing out of my bed and starting to set out my clothes for the day. 
“Well, considering they hold very few charms for me, it’s not precisely an appealing option,” he replies, deeply sarcastic. “And considering that you actively are cockblocking me from making out with the one person I do want to get naked with with in this castle.” 
“Again, I am willing to share Luca,” I joke, sending him a little grin over my shoulder. 
Jesse just rolls his eyes at me. “Please,” he says, sitting up and pressing his hands together in prayer, “please release me from my promise not to hit on Daphne. Even just let me flirt
with her!” 
“Jesse!” I sigh, turning to him. “Do you actually like her? Or are you just hitting on her because she’s the only girl around.” 
He sits up straight for a second, turning his head like he hadn’t considered it. 
“I will invite her over,” I say, pointing a finger at his face and speaking slowly so he hears how seriously I am. “And you can pursue her if you actually like her. But don’t mess her around, okay?” 
Chapter 77 
“I promise,” he says, almost reverent. 
“And if she likes another boy instead of you,” I say, turning my head to the side and continuing my glare. “You have to let her, all right?” 
“Wait,” he says, going still and narrowing his eyes at me. “Did she say something? Who does she like?” 
I don’t say anything, but I flick my eyes towards the bathroom door. 
“Oh Rafe?” Jesse says, perking up. “I can handle that. Everyone likes Rafe until they realize that I’m the funny one –” 
“If she likes Rafe you have to let her like Rafe!” I say, speaking over him and throwing out my arms in protest. 
“Fine fine,” he says, though I can already see his little mind turning, scheming. 
“Fine,” I sigh, feeling very generous and happy. “I’ll send her a note.”
“You’re the best, little cousin!” Jesse says, hopping out of bed and darting across the room to wrap me in an enthusiastic hug, rocking me back and forth. “When is she coming over? Tonight? For lunch?” 
“Oh, go away,” I say, pretending to be sterner than I am and unable to keep from laughing. “She’ll come when she comes.” 
Morning workouts and breakfast pass blissfully, especially considering that Luca’s leg is pressed warmly against mine throughout the entire meal. The only dark point is when Jackson walks by and gives us a little nod of acknowledgement as he goes. I wave back to him, but I hesitate when Luca goes rigid beside me. 
Slowly, I turn to him. “Guess we got…distracted, didn’t we?” I whisper, remembering our intent to have a little chat about Jackson last night in the dream state. 
“Yes, I suppose we did,” Luca says, narrowing his eyes a little. 
I sigh, staring into his pretty brown eyes, taking in the stern set to his mouth. 
Chapter 77 
Are we okay? I ask quietly mind–to–mind, and Luca’s face instantly softens, 
Ariel, of course we’re okay, he replies, shaking his head slightly as he slips his hand into mine beneath the table. I’m not mad at you I just don’t trust that guy. But you and me? 
We’re fine. 
I smile then, pleased to hear it. 
But inwardly my wolf paces and I do my best to tuck the anxiety away, because I don’t want Luca to feel it.
You need to tell him, she says to me, nudging my soul with her nose. Not fair – he thinks he’s your only mate. He needs to know. 
I feel like howling alongside her as I realize that she’s right. 
But honestly, how do you break that to someone? I drop my eyes to the table, but look up again when Luca squeezes my hand. He raises an eyebrow at me and I put a smile on my face, nodding and turning back to the food as Rafe calls my name. 
“Hmm?” I say, turning towards him. 
“Are you going to be late?” he asks, turning his head at me. 
“For what?” I ask, completely distracted. 
“Alvarez’s office hours,” he replies, looking at me like I’m a bit of an idiot for letting it slip my mind. 
“Oh!” I say, jumping a bit. “Oh my god,” I glance up at the clock on the wall, “I am going 
– 
be late shit “I scurry to my feet, and Luca stands too, dropping my hand so Rafe doesn’t 
see. 
“I’ll walk you,” he says, dead casual, like he was getting up anyway. 
“No, that’s okay,” Rafe stands up, all duty, “I’ll –”
“Seriously,” Luca says, lifting his chin towards the full plate of food and cup of coffee in front of my brother. “Finish up, it’s fine. I’m done.” He waves his hands towards his clean. 
plate. “Plus, I’m going to get to the gym, hit the bag a few times.” He lifts his fists then, taking up his boxer’s stance. 
Rafe grins, pleased. “That’s a good idea. You’ve got a nation to represent.” 
“Damn straight,” Luca says, giving my brother his best celebrity grin before nodding me towards the door. And then the two of us walk out of the Hall together. We chat idly, I think both of us knowing that this is not the time to have a conversation about Jackson McClintock – thank god – and so Luca just tells me about his workout plans. 
I mean, not much of what Luca says about that workout makes sense to me, but I’m used to boys telling me enthusiastically about their athletics, so I nod along. When we get to Alvez’s office door, Luca glances around and then puts a hand on my shoulder, letting it slide slowly down my arm until our fingertips barely brush. 
“See you at dinner?” he murmurs. 
“Workout good,” I reply, smiling up into his perfect face. Luca grins back and then starts down the hall just as Alvez’s door opens. 
I turn in surprise to look up into my professor’s handsome face. “Ah, Sinclair,” he says, and go stiff to hear him use my actual last name, even though there’s no one around to hear. 
I 
“So nice of you to heed my summons and join me for a little…chat.” 
But the way his mouth spreads into a wide grin?
I’m very, very aware that this is going to be much more than a chat. 
Sighing inwardly and doing my best to be polite to this man who is holding my secrets over my head like a sack of bricks, I put on my best Princess smile and step into Alvez’s office. 
He closes the door behind us.
###Chapter 78
Chapter 78 
– 
“Please,” Alvez murmurs, gesturing towards of all places – his desk. As I hesitate, he sinks. into his rolling chair, which scoots back a few inches. Seeing my confusion, his smile grows. “I’m unfortunately low on seating in this little room – castles, such wide sweeping halls, such…tiny little workspaces.” 
My eyebrows raise as he gestures towards the desk again and I realize that he wants me to sit there. But I just sigh inwardly again, doing as he says and lifting myself up onto the desk so that my legs dangle. I cross them at the ankles, leaning forward with my hands pressed to the edge of the desk, watching him warily. 
There’s such pleasure on Alvez’s face, in the way he lets his eyes rove over me. Is it that he enjoys seeing me unsettled? Or is this just…how he is? 
“We’ve met before, Princess – before the Academy, I mean. Do you remember?” 
I sit up a little straighter, surprised. “We did?” 
Alvez nods slowly, folding his hands in his lap. “At the Palace, during my interview with your mother and your aunt. You popped in, asking a question about evening plans.” 
“Oh,” I say, my heart sinking a little – because that sounds very plausible. “I’m sorry, no, I don’t remember.” 
“Understandable,” he says, giving a little shrug. “I’m sure that your home is rather a revolving door of visitors. But I certainly remembered you.”
I blush a little, because the way his voice pitches lower when he says the word suggests not just that he remembered me, but that he…noticed me. Like noticed me, notice women. 
the way 
that men 
My stomach twists and his grin deepens, giving me my answer. 
– 
He does like this making me uncomfortable. I can see it clearly now in the take in my blush, the way my hands grip the edge of the desk. 
way 
his eyes 
God, how am I supposed to handle this? I wish, quite suddenly, that my brother were here – 
he’d solve everything, probably by punching Alvez right in the face. 
– 
But Rafe he has a pretty strong trust in authority, especially in people hired by our own parents. I don’t think that there’s any way he’d suspect that Alvez was making me uncomfortable unless I actually told him. 
And I can’t tell him, right? Because Alvez – he’ll rat me out, get me kicked out of the Academy, and probably Rafe too. 
God, he’s really got me tied up here.
“So,” Alvez says, using his feet to pull his chair closer to me, peering up into my face from his lower spot in the chair. “How have things been going with your magic, little Princess?” 
I shrug, eager for the change in conversation but not wanting to open up about my magic either not that there’s been any developments. Jackson and I, when we did our 
– 
“homework” outside under the tree, we didn’t exactly try to do anything magic, did we? We just held hands and talked. 
“Oh, come on,” Alvez prods, his voice low with a little laugh in it. “Why so reticent, Princess? I’m trying to help you here.” 
I flick my eyes up to his, a little spark of anger in me now. “Are you?” I ask quietly. “Because it feels like you’re trying to intimidate me.” 
He clicks his tongue, turning his head to the side. “And what gives you that impression?” 
“The fact that you’ve called me, alone, to your office?” I say, surprised by my willingness to confront him, “and that you keep calling me Princess, reminding me of your secret. And that I’m completely under your control.” 
“Oh, that’s where you have it wrong,” he says, leaning forward now and reaching out a casual hand, letting it rest on my knee. “The opposite is true, Princess – you’ve got me quite under your spell.” 
– 
My eyes widen, my
mouth falling open a little at his bold touch, at his words. My reaction pleases him, I think or at least, his grin deepens. But this just makes me scowl, even though I don’t brush away his hand, or move in any way. I don’t know what the rules are here and I find that I’m terrified to make him mad. 
Chapter 70 
But how do I get the upper hand here? Or, at least, get out of this? 
“No developments in my magic,” I snap, though my voice is soft, almost a whisper as I stare tensely down into his face, wondering what the hell he’s going to do next. “Not since the marble.” 
“Ah, yes, 
the fascinating marble,” Alvez murmurs, his thumb starting to make slow circles around the inner part of my knee. “That you melted. All by yourself.” 
I raise my chin, daring him to call my bluff. 
“And what of your connection to Cadet McClintock,” Alvez murmurs, his thumb still moving, though making broad strokes now instead of little circles. “Did you experiment. more with him? Complete your homework, like a good girl?” 
My breath hitches, then, as his hand presses upwards, caressing the top of my thigh and working its way around to the outside as Alvez smiles at me, possessive and hungry. 
I just stare at him, shocked, until he gives my leg a quick little slap that makes me jump. “Pay attention, Princess,” he murmurs, his smile deepening. “Did you do your homework?” 
“Y–yes,” I say, sitting rigid on my professor’s desk, “but…um…”
“No developments,” he says, his voice low, like he’s disappointed in me. Slowly, his hand. begins to move again, moving slowly so slowly upwards. An anxious heat starts to curl in me, and I don’t know what to do, panic mixing with something else. 
With with fury? I don’t know what. Some kind of heat. 
I don’t respond, not saying anything else. 
“And,” Alvez continues, his eyes locked on mine, “what of McClintock’s power? Did your magic’s affinity with his produce any results regarding his own powers?” 
I frown slightly at him now, confused. “But you saw him yesterday,” I whisper, “so he’ll have already told you –” 
I gasp when Alvez smacks my leg again, this time harder, and getting dangerously close to my ass. My professor leans forward, smiling at me, enjoying himself. “Don’t worry about 
what McClintock and I talked about yesterday during our office hours,” he murmurs, slow and pleased, “I’m asking you now. This is our time, after all. Just you and me.” 
I lean back, away from him, my heart starting to pound as he puts his other hand on my other knee, starting to press against it, clearly obliging my legs to spread open. I squeeze my thighs, wanting the opposite, when suddenly 
– 
A knock comes at the door – a deliberate rapping sound, but too hard to be casual. Alvez freezes, his head whipping towards the door. Neither of us move. 
The knock comes again and Alvez scowls, glaring up at me. “Who did you call here?”
“N–no one,” I say, shaking my head. 
“Professor Alvez?” 
I sit up straight when I instantly recognize the voice calling outside. 
The professor scowls at me but stands and walks towards the door. When he pulls it open, Jackson’s eyes flick over him only for a second before they move immediately to me, sitting on the desk, Alvez’s chair still sitting directly before me. 
“Yes, Cadet McClintock?” Alvez murmurs, leaning against the doorframe and blocking Jackson’s path should he want to enter. Alvez is annoyed and makes sure that Jackson hears. every inch of it in his voice. 
“Yeah, I had some questions about magic,” Jackson says, not taking his eyes from me, his voice bored and not even bothering to pretend that he’s serious about that. 
“Well, then you’ll have to make an appointment,” Alvez replies, pressing himself up from the doorframe and starting to close the door. “I’ll be happy to speak to you at another time 
“Nah, I need to come in now,” Jackson says, breaking through the arm that Alvez has spread across the door and moving immediately to the window on the other side of the room, which he leans against. He taps the side of his head. “I’ll forget all my questions if I leave now. And considering how much progress you’d like me to make,” he shrugs, “I’m sure you’d hate me to do that.” 
Chapter 78 
I work very, very hard to t 
the smile that pulls at my lips.
###Chapter 79
Chapter 79 
Alvez glares at my mate, who leans his heavily muscled body so, so casually against the wall by the window. And I realize, quite suddenly, that Alvez is playing a very, very tricky game here. Because while he is the professor, and does have power over Jackson… 
I mean, he can’t exactly make Jackson do anything, can he? 
If it were me barging into an office and refusing to leave, Alvez or really any Alpha in the castle could just sling me over their shoulder and hurl me out of the room. 
But Jackson? 
He’s so physically powerful that the only person who even really has a chance of tossing him bodily out of this office would be Rafe, and then they might have to call in my dad for backup. 
And Alvez is clearly very aware of this fact as he leans against the open doorway across the room, glaring daggers at my mate, who is so obviously here because he knows what was going on in this room. Or, at least if not precisely, that Alvez didn’t call me here to help me with my homework. 
Jackson doesn’t know what Alvez has over me, but he clearly did not like me being behind closed doors with this man, and I’m deeply grateful for his help. 
“Ask your questions, McClintock,” Alvez snaps, arms crossed. “And then go. You’re interrupting Cadet Clark’s time here.” 
“Oh, I don’t mind,” I say quickly, sitting up straight and smiling between Alvez and Jackson. “Our magic calls to each other after all, right? Maybe he can help.” I turn my smile singularly on Jackson now, and I don’t miss the fact that the corners of his mouth twitch, just subtly. “Professor Alvez, after all, was just asking after your magical progress, Jackson.”
“Oh really,” Jackson says, slowly turning his head to stare at Alvez now. “After I assured you yesterday, for an entire hour, that I hadn’t made any progress at all. I’m surprised you had more questions, sir.” 
Alvez’s eyes narrow as he looks between us. “I considered that your partner perhaps had 
observed changes that you had not.” 
“Shame.” Jackson says, his shoulders tensing as he glares at our professor, “to be wasting Cadet Clark’s time in office hours talking about me, especially considering that his own powers are so much more developed.” 
“Are they, McClintock?” Alvez asks, his voice low and subtle now as he moves away from the door, starts to prowl towards Jackson a bit, their eyes locked. “Are you sure?” 
I go rigid as I realize the import between Alvez’s words that he suspects the truth, that Jackson’s keeping his abilities hidden. 
But Jackson stays perfectly still, saying nothing and giving nothing away. 
I watch, fascinated, as my professor squares off against my mate, as the two stare at each. other for a long, tense moment. 
And then I clear my throat, reminding them that I’m here. 
Alvez flicks his eyes to me before returning them to Jackson. “Ask your questions, McClintock,” Alvez orders. “And then go.” 
Jackson takes a long, leisurely breath, leaning back against the wall, clearly making himself comfortable. “I forget them now, all of a sudden, professor,” he murmurs, looking up towards the ceiling. “You’ll have to forgive me big guys like me, sometimes we’re more brawn than brain. Takes a second to remember the details.”
“I’m very aware of your performance on the intelligence examination, McClintock,” Alvez sighs, crossing his arms, clearly seeing through Jackson’s performance, as he’s meant to. “Don’t insult my own intelligence by trying to pretend you’re too stupid to remember.” 
“Must just be sleepy, then,” Jackson says, faking a yawn, his eyes flicking back to me. “Give me a minute, I’m sure it will come back.” 
Alvez sighs, moving away from Jackson and flopping back into his chair, glaring up at me like I planned this. I just shrug at him, hoping to communicate quite honestly that I had nothing to do with it. Even if I am a bit thrilled at the result. 
– 
The rest of the meeting falls along more predictable lines. Alvez leans back in his chair, 
Spier ra 
asking me about how it feels to access my magic, giving me suggestions about new things to try. And, honestly, the suggestions are actually helpful he suggests that since sun is the signet to which I’m largely aligned, I should concentrate on manifesting heat in different forms. 
When he shifts his attention to Jackson, though, asking about how physical touch with Jackson changed or amplified my magic, I play as dumb as I can. I don’t deny that Jackson’s presence was helpful, but don’t add any more detail. 
Eventually, Alvez sighs, looking at me beneath lowered brows, clearly frustrated. “All right, cadet, it doesn’t seem like we’re getting any further with this,” he snaps. “Continue the good work, and please come to class prepared to demonstrate what you can do for the others.” 
“What?” I ask, a little surprised by the request.
“As you and Tony are the only ones who admit to manifestations of your gifts,” Alvez says, deliberately flicking his eyes to Jackson here, “I’d like you to show the others in the hope that it will…inspire or awaken them. Tony will be asked to do the same.” 
“Okay,” I say, hopping down from the desk and trying to decide how I feel about that. Because, I mean, I don’t think I’m going to be able to do anything without holding Jackson’s hand – and I don’t know how he’s going to feel about that. 
Luckily, it looks like I’m going to get a chance to talk to him about it as he pushes himself up from the wall. 
“Have you remembered your question, McClintock?” Alvez snaps, spinning his chair towards my mate. 
“Seems to have just flown away today,” Jackson sighs, smirking a little and drifting a hand through the air like a bird flying. “Sorry about that hope it wasn’t an inconvenience.” 
“Stick to your appointment times,” Alvez murmurs. “It isn’t fair to take 
work space.” 
up another student’s 
“Oh, I don’t mind,” I say, breezy as Jackson comes to my side and we head together for the door. “Thank you, professor! I’ll work on your suggestions!” 
He doesn’t say anything or look our way as we leave, clearly still pissed at Jackson’s 
deliberate interruption. Jackson, likewise still displeased, slams the office door shut behind 
1. US.
The moment he does, I impulsively throw my arms around his waist, hugging him tight and pressing my check to his chest. “Thank you,” I breathe. 
Jackson freezes, his arms out by his side, and I look up into his shocked face. 
He doesn’t say a word, just staring down at me unmoving, and I can’t help the smile that stretches over my face. “What?” I ask, loosening my arms and tilting my head back. “I can’t say thank you?” 
“I um ” he blushes, of all things, and then looks to the side, using one hand to give me a soft, brief pat on the shoulder as he clears his throat. “Yes, that’s fine. Should we get you back to your rooms?” 
Grinning, not knowing precisely what just happened by kind of tickled by it anyway, I unlock my arms from around his waist and tuck my hands behind my back. “Sure,” I say, still grinning at him. 
Jackson looks back at me, the faint blush still on his cheeks, and to my delight he scowls more and sets off down the hall. But I don’t miss the fact that he shortens his stride so that I have no trouble keeping up with him. 
I sigh, content to have my big, brutal, interrupting–office–hours mate walking by my side. Because, honestly, I’m starting to figure out that he’s…kind of a sweetheart, deep down. 
1)
###Chapter 80
Chapter 80 
“So, what was going on in there?” Jackson asks softly as we move through the quiet halls, glancing over his shoulder as we go. 
“Don’t you know?” I ask, frowning up at him. 
He just looks at me blankly, not answering. 
“Well, then why did you interrupt?” I ask, confused. Because it’s one thing if Jackson interrupted because he knew that Alvez was going to be a creep, but quite another if he interrupted for…well, why else would he have interrupted? 
“I don’t trust that guy,” Jackson sighs, the words slipping between clenched teeth. “Something’s…off about him.” He moves his eyes to me again, searching my face. “Was I wrong?” His words are tense. 
I sigh, shaking my head. “No, you weren’t wrong, Jackson,” I say, looking forward as we climb into an elevator and Jackson presses the brass button, closing he doors. “I was…very uncomfortable in there.” 
– 
Jackson grunts in a self–satisfied way, pleased I think to have his instincts confirmed. “I 
don’t like the way he looks at you,” he says, quite soft. “I knew it was going to be trouble when he gave me that note, asking you to come alone.” 
“How did you know the note said to come alone?” I ask, looking up at him. 
Jackson turns, instantly frowning down at me like the answer is obvious. “Because I read it.” 
I burst out laughing, shaking my head at him. “Jackson, you can’t just read my mail.
“I was helping you!” 
“That’s not an excuse!” but I’m smiling, and he smirks back at me, figuring out that I’m not actually mad. Because he really did help me – I’d have been in a very tricky situation, I think, had Jackson not come pounding on the door. 
“Don’t let yourself be alone with him,” Jacksons murmurs as the elevator raises us up into 
the air. “Bring Rafe or..or come get me. Or something.” 
“All right.” I say softly, studying my mate’s profile as he pretends not to notice that I’m looking at him. And inwardly, I wonder how the hell he’s justifying this whole hero act to himself. 
Because, I mean, it’s pretty obvious to me that Jackson is protective of me because some part of him knows, deep down, that I’m his mate or that I’m special to him, in some way. It’s happening, I think, on almost a bodily level he’s driven to ensure my safety by the same biological mechanism that makes a hen protect her chicks. But how…how the hell is he justifying it to himself? 
— 
He must know, my wolf says to me, sitting back on her haunches and turning her head curiously in Jackson’s direction. He must have figured it out and he’s just…playing it cool. 
But as I study him, I’m not so sure. Jackson – he’s smart, but in some ways he’s so outside of our world, our culture. Would he be able to pick up on the little clues that Ben noticed, which might communicate to others that I’m a girl? 
Or, like Luca, would he even be willing to address his attraction to me, if he feels it? I’ve heard that Northern communities are much, much less progressive with things like homosexuality and gender
fluidity. Even if Jackson did feel a stirring towards me, would he let himself go there, the way Luca was so willing to? 
I sigh as the doors open to the dormitory floor, shaking my head at my mate, wishing I could just…ask. 
“What?” Jackson asks, stepping out of the elevator and turning his attention back to me. “Why are you sighing? What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing,” I murmur, shaking my head as I continue to look up at him, at the stark panes of his face. “I just….wish I had you figured out.” 
Jackson almost stumbles a step as we walk down the quiet hall 
almost, though. He’s too graceful, really, to actually do that. “Me?” he says in disbelief, gesturing towards himself. “You think I’m the mystery here?” 
– 
I smirk a bit, my eyes dancing, silently admitting that he’s right that I’m certainly the one keeping secrets. “You’ve got them too, you know,” I say quietly as we reach the stairs at the 
end of the hall and begin to climb them up to my floor. “Things you’re keeping back from 
Jackson’s the one who sighs now, shaking his head. “I’ll gladly tell you everything you want to know – every single thought in my head, Clark, for the secrets you’re keeping from me.” 
Guilt builds in me as we make our way to my door. And 
radiating from the entire hallway, from the silence bemehow, by the quietness 
my own door, I know that I’m
the only one here that Jesse and Rafe are away, probably exercising. That Luca and Ben are likewise off doing their own thing. 
It would be so easy, to just…tug Jackson inside… 
To tell him everything… 
But even as my wolf howls at me to do it do it do it, I shake my head up at Jackson, knowing that it’s still not right. Not yet. 
Jackson sighs again, intuiting the direction of my thoughts, knowing that I’m still holding 
on to my secrets. 
And again, it’s not that I don’t want him to know. It’s just…as always, the timing. It’s not right. Not now not when I’m still figuring things out with Luca, when we’ve got finals and the Examination looming, when Jesse and Rafe still think I have one mate, even if they think it’s different people. 
It’s just not right to blow up everyone’s world with this, not yet. 
I stare up into my mate’s dark blue gaze, willing him to trust me, to just…give me more time. But he just snaps his head away, frustrated. 
“Jacks,” I murmur as he shifts his weight, taking a step away. I grab his hand, ignoring the pulse that pounds through the hall when I do. He turns back to me, his jaw clenched in frustration. “I promise,” I say quietly, shaking my head. “I promise that one day I’ll tell you everything, all right?” 
“Why one day?” He exhales the words all in a rush, shaking his head at me, even as he moves closer. “Why not now, Ari? What’s what’s holding you back?” 
—
But I shake my head as I stare up at him, knowing that the reasons why I’m holding back are part of the secret. “Can’t it be enough? The promise that I’m going to tell, as soon as I can?” 
“Would it be enough for you?” he murmurs, stepping closer. Despite me, my eyes flicker half–shut as his scent floods my nostrils, making something warm and hungry stir in my core. God, if I could just… 
I dismiss the ridiculous impulse to beg him to give me his shirt so I could tuck it under my pillow, breathing in that scent all night, and force myself back to full consciousness. To my surprise, he’s just smirking at me. 
“Goodbye, Clark,” he says, putting particular emphasis on the farewell that he usually omits. “Tell me next time Alvez calls you alone. I’ll think something up.” 
“Thank you, Jackson,” I say, tightening my hand, not letting him go just yet. “You saved met from… some weird stuff back there.” 
“Are you going to tell me about that, at least?” Jackson presses, shifting his weight back to me curiously. “Like what did he do? Did he…” 
But my answering smile just makes him groan and pull his hand from mine, because it’s very clear that I’m not going to tell him a damn thing
###Chapter 81
Chapter 81 
“Cadet Clark, keeping his damn secrets,” Jackson sighs, slipping his hands into his pockets and heading again for the stairs. 
“Just for now!” I call after him, smiling. 
“Damn well better be for now,” Jackson says, turning to look me sternly up and down for a moment, which just deepens my smile. “Or I’ll…I don’t know, beat you up or something.” 
I grin, laughing at the threat. “Oh, come on, Jacks, at least challenge yourself. We all know you could do that with your eyes closed. The secrets are worth the wait, I promise it.” 
But he just growls, low in his throat, glaring at me in a way that… 
God, but my stomach flips over. Does somersaults, if I’m being honest or more accurately hurls itself of a cliff in freefall. And then my mate smirks at me, laughing as he shakes his head and makes his way down the stairs, ducking his too–tall head so he doesn’t hit it on the ceiling as he goes. The moment Jackson disappears, I slump back against my door, my knees…a little bit weaker than I’d ever want to admit. 
Time passes quickly after this, faster than I’d like to see it go because there’s just an incredible amount to do and, it seems, not enough hours to do it. 
Predictably, the insane workouts that Rafe and Jesse put me through take up the majority of my time and energy. They really do press me to the edges of my abilities, and while the work is grueling I understand that there’s a great deal of love behind it. My brother and my cousin, I know, are rooting for me and are only making me fall into bed every night in at state of complete exhaustion because they want to set me up well for the Examination.
The rest of my time is spent working quite hard on Chemistry and Marksmanship, which quickly outstrip Magic class as my favorites. I don’t make the mistake of going to Alvez alone anymore, always finding a way to casually ask Rafe or Jesse to come with me, which they always oblige. Alvez, I know, sees right through me – 
and looks at me in a way that promises retribution which I know he will enjoy. But…well, I’ll deal with that when I have to. 
None of us make any more particular progress in that class, either because we haven’t yet figured out how to work with our powers or like Jackson because we refuse to reveal 
– them. Jesse and Rafe, I know, are disappointed that they haven’t manifested anything yet, especially when they see Tony’s demonstration of being able to breathe under water. We all stood around watching him lay in a bathtub for about half an hour, which really was very impressive. 
I haven’t figured out how to melt anything besides a little glass marble yet but…well. Considering that Magic is a class that doesn’t have any threats of expulsion attached to it, it does fall a bit to the wayside, which I think pisses Alvez off. 
Instead, the majority of my spare energy and attention goes to Chemistry over the next couple of weeks the only class that really challenges me. Marksmanship is kind of a delight – I quickly outstrip my classmates as the Captain’s favorite, ensuring that his bet on me at the beginning of term was made in good faith. We’ve mastered the bow and the crossbow and are now moving on to revolvers, because the Captain wants to make sure we can handle every weapon we come across, not just the fancy one with powerful scopes. 
But while I am clearly the Captain’s pet, Dr. Neumann…god, I don’t think he likes any of us. Or, at least the punishing way he administers his grades on our quizzes, exams, and projects suggests that we’re all horrible little toads who are deeply undeserving of his time. and attention.
I groan as my test comes back about a week before the end of the term, missing about twenty points worth of credit. I put my head in my hands as I stare at my grade- because I worked so hard for this, spent hours studying. What the hell had gone wrong… 
I begin to flick through the pages, looking over Alvez’s notes as I glance at the other students in the class, wondering if their results were as devastatingly bad as mine. Considering the horror on everyone’s faces, though, I think they might have been. None of us have really become friends, honestly, except for maybe Hai, who I think is funny and clever. 
Instead, Neumann pits us against each other in class, I think on purpose. He wants his espionage students, I think, to be quite independent, not to lean on each other for support. In the field, after all, we’ll likely be working solo. 
It makes sense, even if it does make for lonely days with no one to talk to about the rigors of Chemistry track. 
“This,” Neumann says, tapping on the test still sitting on my desk at the end of class, after almost everyone has already left the classroom, “has to get better, Clark.” 
I look up at him, surprised by the stern note of his voice. “I’m working, Sir,” I say, my eyes wide and genuine. “Honestly, I am studying.” 
“You also spend a great deal of time with your family and your friends,” he says, crossing his arms over his chest and glaring at me. 
My jaw drops open a little in surprise. How how did he know that? 
He just raises an eyebrow, giving nothing away. “This is serious work, Clark, not a game. You have a promising mind – don’t squander your opportunities. Save fun for your winter
break. Now? Work.” 
I press my lips together and nod, guilt running through me because he’s right. It’s not that friends and family aren’t important – of – 
urse they are but I’ve got a limited time to prove my worth here at this Academy, to demonstrate that I belong here, even though I’m a girl and even though I’m a spoiled royal. 
Neumann sees my renewed determination and nods once before turning away. 
Exhaling, I grab my bag and my test, heading out the door and up to my room. 
My brother and my cousin let me walk through the halls alone now, which is a tiny relief. Wright has stopped bothering me, either because he’s scared of my bodyguards or has his own things to worry about, I don’t know which. Either way, I’ve been deemed “safe enough,” and I think everyone in our year has figured out that I’m off limits for bullying if they don’t want to face any Sinclair wrath. 
Which, considering the amount of muscle that Rafe and Jesse have put on this semester is… not a small threat. 
As I burst scowling into the room, though, I find that pretty much everyone is here. Rafe raises his eyebrows in surprise. “You okay?” he asks. 
Ben sends me a wave, concentrating on his essay, and Luca sits up on the couch, looking curiously at me. 
“Twenty points off on my Chem test,” I snap, tossing the shameful paper on the coffee table after I press the door shut behind me. “I can’t believe it – I’m so mad at myself.”
Jesse clicks his tongue consolingly, glancing up at me before reaching for the test. “That sucks, Ari I know you killed yourself studying for this. Honestly, did he make it too hard?” 
“No such thing as too hard,” I scowl, flopping down on the couch and crossing my arms, still upset. 
Luca turns towards me and stretches out a leg, letting the casual touch of our bodies. his warmth and his condolence and his sorriness to see me upset. 
carry 
I meet his eyes, grateful, and give him a small smile with a pulse of thanks down the bond. He sends a sweeping sense of faith and affection in response, letting me know that he 
in me. It warms me, body and soul, and I can’t keep from smiling at him. 
believe, it 
“Do you want me to have a word with this Neumann guy?” Rafe asks, taking the test from Jesse and studying it closely. 
And I groan, knowing that if I asked him? Rafe probably would.
###Chapter 82
Chapter 82 
“Honestly, Ari, you did kill yourself studying for this test,” Rafe says, looking at me seriously, “and I know you know the material up and down. He must have included trick questions 
“Rafe,” I sigh, leaning back against the arm of the couch, “I don’t need the Prince going to yell at my professors for me, that’s not going to make a man like Neumann be any nicer or give me better grades.” 
“I don’t want him to be nicer, I want him to be fair,” Rafe corrects. 
“Well, at least we’re all doing shitty in Chemistry,” I sigh, “not just me. So. He is technically being fair.” 
Rafe shifts uncomfortably in his seat, unhappy to not be able to do something to help me, I know. And my heart warms more to see him like that, to know that I have a big brother who’d tear the world to pieces to make it a cozier place for me. 
But still, I want to prove myself here I really do. I don’t want to cut corners and get special treatment, and I know Jesse and Rafe get that. 
“Well, we’ll burn an effigy of him on midwinter,” Jesse says, his eyes on his own textbook, studying some kind of military theory. “That will make us all feel better.” 
Rafe nods sagely, smirking at Jesse, but he gets up when the dumbwaiter bell rings, heading to the little door to get our dinner. 
Luca gives me a little nudge with his toe and I turn to see him give me a little smirk and a wink. I smile, biting my lip and leaning my weight against his leg a little more, pleased to 
see him.
Because while these past few weeks and months have been absolutely grueling? 
Luca has been….absolutely the best part. 
Every day we meet at breakfast and I’m absolutely buzzing to see him. We eat with our legs. pressed together beneath the table, and I kind of forget that anyone else is around, so lost 
Chapter 82 
do we get in our conversations. Luca heads off with Jesse and Rafe to do their warrior stuff all day, and I either head to Chemistry or Marksmanship or study with Ben. 
But nights? Nights are where Luca and I really shine. 
Dinner in our suite is always the best end to these long and grueling days, with my little. group of friends all cobbling together to study, and eat, and make each other laugh as much as we can. We’re all stressed, I know the program makes us that way. But with Jesse’s wild sense of humor, and Rafe’s wry quips, and Ben’s clever observations and Luca’s bold willingness to say whatever damn thing comes into his head? 
– 
God, I spent most of my evenings stretched out on the couch, holding my stomach because I’m laughing so hard. 
Luca, I know, delights in this, and he’s figured out precisely the things to say that make me laugh the hardest, pushing those buttons expertly like a scientist whose singular job is to make me laugh so hard my ribs ache. We spend most of our nights stretched out on the couch together, beaming at each other, just…so incredibly pleased to be in each other’s 
company.
Jesse and Ben smile happily at Luca and me, I think pleased to be able to watch our relationship develop, but Rafe… 
Well, perhaps predictably, he’s less pleased. 
“You need to be careful with him, Ari,” Rafe says one night after Luca, Ben, and Jesse head down to the gym to do a little boxing practice. Rafe, to my surprise, stays back with me, sitting on the couch with me, studying me carefully. 
“What?” I ask, sitting up straight and not bothering to pretend that he’s talking about Ben. “What’s wrong?” 
Rafe just slowly shakes his head at me. “You have a mate, Ariel,” he says softly, like he doesn’t want to have to be the one who says it. 
I bite my lip, not really knowing how to respond to that. Because, of course, Rafe thinks that he’s talking about Jackson but really, he’s talking about Luca too. 
“Look,” Rafe sighs, glancing at the door where the three boys just left, “dad had this chat 
Chapter 82 
with me a long time ago, and so now I’m going to have it with you. But can you promise to keep this between us? It’s personal.” 
I perk up, curious. I didn’t know that Rafe kept anything at all from Jesse – I mean, the three of us are very close, but I’m well aware that the bond between Rafe and Jesse is particularly close–knit. 
“Of course,” I say instantly, meaning it. If my brother asks me to keep a secret, I’m going to
do it. 
“There was a point a couple of years ago when dad caught me…with a girl.” 
1 gasp, delighted. “Who was it!?” I ask, leaning forward towards him. 
“Not the point of the story,” Rafe says, giving me a tiny glare before I grin and he moves on. “Anyway, dad wasn’t mad at me or anything, but we sat down and he told me some stuff that really…stuck with me. And I’m going to say it now to you and you can do what you want with it but I hope you’ll listen.” 
Fascinated, I nod. 
“He told me,” Rafe sighs, pressing the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. “that when Aunt Cora and Uncle Roger brought me to the Goddess to have me baptized as a baby that…they saw that I have a mate.” 
“Rafe!” I gasp, leaning further forward and smacking him on the knee, “that is amazing! Oh my god! Do you know who it is!?” 
He shakes his head, dropping his hand from his face and looking evenly at me. “Dad didn’t want to give me any details because he wants me to live my life as normally as I can. But he saw how much I liked this girl and…” he shrugs, trying to figure out his words, “he just wanted me to think about what it might mean to fall in love when I know that I’ve got something big coming my way that would… interrupt that.” 
I sit back against the couch now, seeing where he’s going with this. 
“I know you….like Luca,” Rafe says softly, and my heart swells to see how much my brother is working to care for me. “And there’s nothing wrong with that. But just…take care of his heart and yours, all right? Jackson is…”
Rafe looks towards the door, hesitating. 
I smile a little, seeing him work to try to understand my complicated, taciturn other mate. Jackson has been around a little bit more, but he hasn’t exactly ingratiated himself with the group over the past weeks – and honestly, I know that Luca has been a large part of turning 
him away. 
But Rafe, I can tell, doesn’t dislike Jackson. He just doesn’t get our connection, not yet. 
“Jackson’s important,” I say quietly, nodding, understanding where Rafe is going with this. “I get it. But Rafe,” I slowly shake my head, silently asking me to trust me on this too, “Luca’s important too, all right?” 
Rafe sighs and, to my surprise, moves closer on the couch, wrapping me in his arms and hugging me tight. “I know,” he murmurs, giving me a kiss on the head in much the same way that dad does. “I just don’t want either of you to get your hearts broken, okay? Just….be careful, little sister.” 
“I will,” I sigh, allowing myself to relax against my brother’s warm side for a moment, letting him worry about me in a way that makes me feel comforted and protected. I fight the desperate urge to just spill everything now, to reveal all the details. 
But…we’re just so close to finals and the Examination.. Spilling to him that I’ve got two mates, and that Luca is one of them? It’s going to blow up Rafe’s world and completely freak him out precisely when he needs to concentrate. 
Rafe and I stay close like that for the next hour or so, sitting on the couch and studying separately even though I feel closer to him in this moment than I ever have before. We both jump a little, the stillness of our moment interrupted, when Jesse and Luca come back into the room covered in sweat, Ben looking relaxed as he follows behind.
###Chapter 83
Chapter 83 
“Didn’t join in on the boxing, Ben?” Rafe asks, grinning at him. 
“Nah, didn’t feel like getting my lights punched out by the national champ,” Ben quips, gesturing towards his face, “I got too much beauty going on here to risk that.” I grin at Ben as he sinks into Jesse’s chair. Jesse gives us a wave as he heads immediately to the bathroom for a quick shower. 
“How’d the workout go?” Rafe asks Luca, smiling. “You ready? Fight’s coming up.” 
“Oh, I’m ready,” Luca says, pumping a couple of practice punches into the air. My eyebrows raise, because honestly he moves so fast and with such power that I can barely see his hands move when he does that. “Going to knock Atalaxia into the last century, first round.” 
“I wish you would,” Rafe sighs. “Their technology, apparently, is getting advanced.” 
I half listen as Rafe and Luca chat casually about the war for a few minutes before Jesse comes out of the bathroom in his towel and Luca goes in, taking advantage of our over- luxurious bathroom as he always does whenever he has a chance. The other cadet’s bathrooms are, apparently, a far cry from what we’ve got in here. 
When Luca comes out a few minutes later, dressed in a pair of Jesse’s spare pajamas, he immediately flops onto the couch next to me, his eyes fluttering shut. 
“You beat?” I ask quietly. 
“If you’re asking if your cousin beat me,” Luca murmurs, smirking a little, “the answer is no. He is slow, like fighting a snail. 
–
“False!” Jesse calls, yawning, from his bed. “I am swift, like a bunny. I just went easy on you.” 
I let my hand fall to the side of Luca’s leg where Rafe can’t obviously see it, letting my fingers idly stroke the fabric of my mate’s pajamas. “I’m sure you beat him soundly, as he deserves,” I reply with a happy sigh. “But, as you realize, I’m asking if you’re tired.” 
“Always,” Luca replies, yawning and glancing towards his books with a groan. “Just let me… close my eyes here for a minute or two.” 
Chapter 83 
“Luca,” I groan, slapping the side of his leg a little. “You have to study too!” Of all of us, studies by far the least, which always worries me. He’s not as worried about the 
Examination as Ben and I are, but he’s certainly the most at risk of failing out according to his regular coursework. 
At least, that’s what I thought until I got my Chem test back tonight. I scowl, looking over at 
1. it. 
“I’ll study tomorrow,” Luca murmurs, his voice light and unbothered. “You can be the smart one between us, Ari, I don’t mind.” 
“It will be sad without you here next semester, Luca,” I sigh, giving his leg another slap and 
eyes turning back to my own books. He just smirks and shakes his head, keeping his shut. 
When bedtime rolls around a little bit later, I do my best to get up without disturbing him, heading for my nook with chemical equations rushing around in my mind. When Rafe likewise gets up and moves to shake Luca’s shoulder, I throw a hand out towards him, shaking my head.
Rafe frowns at me, silently asking why, and I step close, whispering. “He’s tired, Rafe, what’s the harm? He’ll sleep as well on the couch as in his bed.” 
Rafe just shrugs, conceding the point and not really caring. Ben waves his goodbyes to us, heading out the door, as I spread my green throw over Luca, tucking it in around him so that he stays cozy warm. Then I wave my goodnights to Rafe and Jesse over my shoulder as, exhausted, I climb into bed. 
I put out my lamp, noting the rest of the room going dark beyond my curtain, pulled shut tonight for a little extra privacy. Then I lay my head down, taking off my cap and unwinding my tight braid, running my fingers along my scalp and wondering if I’ll even see Luca in the dream state tonight when he’s so tired. 
And though I very much want him to rest, I desperately hope that I do see him there. 
friends… 
Arcowe while we spend our evenings laughing companionably with him there. 
The dream state is where we really light up. 
I meet Luca in the dream state pretty much every night now, and, as promised, he spends our time there teaching me a great deal about myself, and my body. We haven’t gone very 
far yet, sexually it’s really just a lot of kissing and petting, with Luca respecting the fact that I’m dictating the pace. But in the past week or so, especially, things have gotten… heated. 
And I admit that I’m starting to get…curious. About more. 
But even if I were curious, I’m not sure I’m bold enough to ask for it yet – or, really, prepared to deal with the consequences of that curiosity. There’s absolutely no part of me that wants to get pregnant
right now, obviously, and while Daphne has helped me with a variety of feminine products it does feel like a step beyond to ask her to start ferrying contraceptives to me. 
And I mean…I don’t think I can get pregnant in the dream state but…. 
I mean, can I?! 
I sigh, thinking it through, deciding that I really, really need to have a chat with my mom about this about all of this – 
– 
But I gasp, suddenly, when I feel the edge of the mattress sink on my left. I instantly spin towards the movement, my eyes wide in the darkness, but a hand covers my mouth to stifle any cry I might make and that scent- 
Well, I’d know it in my sleep, wouldn’t I? 
I nod, quickly, to let Luca know that I understand and he drops his hand away as he crawls onto my bed. I simultaneously sit up and make room for him, anxiously glancing beyond. him towards my curtain, which suddenly feels very flimsy, and the room beyond. 
Luca! I scold, putting the word directly into his mind. What do you think you’re doing!? 
They’re asleep, he replies, his mouth silent as he wraps his arms around me and pulls me close, slipping under my covers and pressing a silent kiss to my temple. They’re snoring away, I made sure of it before I moved. 
I gasp then, just a tiny sound, as I realize that he planned this, only pretending to be so sleepy earlier. Then I smack him on the chest. Luca! You’re taking unnecessary risks!
Ariel, Luca replies, taking my face in his hands and pressing a soft, desperate kiss to my 
– 
mouth. Please. I’m dying here. The dream state is amazing but god, please, please just let me hold you in my real arms. 
I relent, then, instantly half for the sad, desperate tone of his words, half because I, too, have been craving this. And so I curl up with my mate, tucking my head beneath his chin. and wrapping my arms around him, even letting my legs tangle up with his beneath the 
Covers. 
Instantly, I feel him relax, feel his breathing soften, sense his heartbeat slowing with the rightness of it all. I dip my head, pressing a kiss to his chest as I let my hand slide down the long length of his torso, dipping beneath the blankets and then untucking his shirt to run my fingers idly along the skin of his back. He twitches a little, ticklish, but I can feel him smile and then lean into my touch. 
Wouldn’t think the national boxing champion was so ticklish, I murmur into his mind. 
I’m a delightful mix of contradictions, Luca replies, his mental voice sleepy and happy. He rubs his cheek across the length of my hair, feeling the softness of it against his face, a sweet, wolfish gesture that goes right to my heart. 
I sigh, nuzzling against him. I’m going to have to burn these pajamas and these sheets, I mutter to him, you’re getting your stinky scent all over me. I’m kidding, though no part 
of me is actually mad to have my mate sneaking into my bed in the middle of the night. 
–
Could just take those pajamas off now, Luca casually remarks, making my head fly up to glare at him. Let me get my scent all over your body instead.. 
I pull back a little, narrowing my eyes. We are not doing STUFF in this bed tonight, sir, I let him know, my words stern. Not with my brother and my cousin separated from us only with a bit of velvet fabric. 
I know, Luca replies, sighing, even as his hand does drift down my body, lower than it’s ever gone in real life. A shiver goes through me as his broad palm moves over my ass and slides. down my thigh, pulling my leg up over him so that my knee hitches up over his hip. He presses a soft, silent kiss to my lips. 
Like I said, he continues, mind–to–mind, I just want to hold you, Ariel. I’ve been sick with wanting you in my arms. It doesn’t feel right, having you by my side all the time and not being able to grab you, and kiss you, and throw you over my shoulder and carry you away 
to bed- 
Спаркет 0 
I laugh now, working to stifle the sound, shaking my head at him in the dark before pressing a kiss to his mouth. Go to sleep now, boy, I say, pressing my eyes shut and letting my head fall to the pillow. We’ll talk there. 
My gorgeous mate nods, his own eyes drifting shut, and then – nose–to–nose asleep. 
we fall
###Chapter 84
Chapter 84 
I’m shocked, however, when I wake up a few hours later to find that we did not, indeed, go to the dream state. I spend a moment wondering what happened but then…well, I guess we didn’t need to, did we? Not curled up as we were all night long, tangled up in each other, sharing our dreams in a completely different way. 
So I just smile at my still–sleeping mate, admiring the sweep of his long eyelashes in the dark–blue light of early dawn. After a moment, though, I attune my hearing, wanting to know if Rafe and Jesse are up if we’ve been caught… 
But no, I can hear them both still breathing the slow, heavy breaths that suggest they’ve slept soundly through the night. And so I risk it, turning over in my mate’s arms and wrapping his arm around me, pressing my back to his front and giving him a mental nudge down the bond, waking him up. 
Instantly, Luca’s arms tighten, pulling me closer against him. He takes a moment to come back to consciousness and I can almost feel him blinking awake before he dips his head, pressing a kiss to the back of my neck. 
Morning, gorgeous, he murmurs, his voice somehow still thick with sleep even though it’s only sounding in my mind. I like waking up like this. 
Me too, I say back, happiness thrumming through me. 
I especially like this part, he says, his mental voice lazy and warm as his hand drifts down to my hip and pulls my ass back hard against him. My eyes fly wide as I instantly go fully awake when I feel the long length of him hard against my ass.
I mean, I’ve gotten used to it in the dream state but…this is definitely the first time that I’ve felt it in person. And honestly, after all of that dream practice… 
I have to admit, I don’t hate it. I arch my back a little, pressing myself tighter against him, letting him feel all of me against all of him. 
Luca groans quietly, half in my mind and half in real life and I bite my lip for the joy of it, the sheer pleasure of turning my mate on, making him want me. His hips buck slightly as he buries his face against my neck, his hand slipping from my hip upwards along my skin, 
Emergency calls onlyMO 
Chapter 84 
over my waist and up my torso until he cups my breast in his palm. 
* .096% 
15:36 
The moan that nearly escapes my lips – he’s ready for that too. Luca slips his other hand around my head, covering my mouth so no one can hear me as he grinds himself against me, softly squeezing my breast in his hand, letting his thumb stroke idly over the sensitive skin of my nipple in a way that has my eyes fluttering shut, my head arching back on my neck. 
I can’t wait to mark you, Luca whispers into my mind, pressing his lips along my neck right where, I think, he intends to press his teeth into my skin giving me his mark and letting everyone know, incontrovertibly, that I’m his and he’s mine. I nod, agreeing, wanting it very badly in this moment, losing myself to the very literal reality of him along every of me – 
But then Luca sighs, and pulls away, and I turn towards him in surprise.
But he just shakes his head at me, glancing towards the curtain, and I sigh, nodding. 
inch 
Never thought, gorgeous, he says, shaking his head and stroking the soft skin of my cheek. with the backside of his hand, that I’d be the mature one putting an end to this sort of thing. 
Maybe you just….make me throw caution to the wind a little, Luca, I reply, smirking at him and turning over to get one last look at my mate in the secret morning light of our little nook. 
He sighs, deeply regretting it, I think, and then leans forward to press a long kiss to my mouth. Before I know it, though, he’s gone through the curtain and back to the couch. 
I take a long moment to collect myself, knowing I need a shower, knowing that I’ve got to get these pajamas tucked away in my hamper before Rafe gets a whiff of them… 
But then, something completely cruel comes to my mind. And I immediately decide to go 
with it. 
Two or three minutes later I peek out of my curtain, my eyes instantly darting to Rafe’s bed. and then Jesse’s. When I’m fully convinced that they’re still asleep, I slip out and slowly walk towards the bathroom. 
Chapter 84 
My mate, pretending to be asleep on the couch but secretly watching my every move, lets out a very real, not–too–quiet moan as I walk past him only in a set of girls‘ panties that Daphne set up to me, my naked breasts cupped in the hands that I’ve got crossed over my 
chest.
I almost burst out laughing at his reaction as Luca covers his face with his hands, turning to face the ceiling and clenching his jaw. 
You are killing me. Ariel! He shouts, the words echoing loud in my head as I laugh and pull open the bathroom door, slipping inside. This is cruel! Borderline mental and emotional abuse – god damn it 
“Luca?” I hear Jesse’s concerned, sleepy voice ask. “You still here? You okay, man?” 
I’m still grinning, wicked, as I pull the door shut behind me. 
“Sorry, Jesse,” Luca sighs. “Just a nightmare. An absolute god. damn. nightmare.” 
And then I sigh happily, a little too pleased with myself as I skip over to the shower and turn on the water, nice and hot. 
Classes go well that day, with me passing marksmanship with flying colors and receiving a great deal of gratifying praise from the Captain, especially after Neumann was so disappointed in me yesterday. But not even that can keep my concentration on schoolwork, because I am so incredibly excited about tonight. 
I charge up the steps to our room after class, already mentally composing the note that I plan to send down in the dumbwaiter asking for extra provisions for this evening, because it is Friday and finally finally! – Daphne is coming up for a visit. 
– 
She’s been very overwhelmed with her work lately, and while I’ve been going down for a few hours a couple times a month to sit and study while she sews, this is the first night when she has some time free. And Daphne – she’s been so overwhelmed lately, and I think she’s quite lonely. Also, I that she’ll get along with our group beautifully and that we can
cheer her up. 
Overall, I just really, really want to show her a good time, and I’m going to do everything in 
3/4 
my power to make it happen. 
All the boys have promised to be on their best behavior and, as I hurry into the room, I start to move around, cleaning up and getting ready. A little guilt pulses through me as I set schoolwork out of my mind for a moment, though, remembering what Neumann said about prioritizing school while I have the small window to do so. 
But…well, friendship is important too, right? 
I bite my lip, knowing what he’d say about my evening plans, but there’s no time to think on it when the door opens behind me. 
I spin, instructions already on my lips for whoever is there, but I falter for a second when I see that it’s… 
It’s Jackson. 
“Sorry,” he says, glancing around the empty room awkwardly. “Am I…early?” 
“No,” I say, bursting into a smile. “No, Jacks. You’re right on time.”
###Chapter 85
Chapter 85 
“Nah,” he says, grimacing and starting to back out of the door, “I’m totally carly- 
“Jacks!” I laugh, darting over to him and grabbing his arm, tugging him into the room. “Everyone will be here in like, thirty seconds. Just come and sit down or, better 
or, better yet, make yourself useful –” 
– 
I drag him over to the coffee table and shove a pen and paper into his hand. 
“What am I supposed to do?” he mutters, staring at it. 
“Just write that we’d like dinner sent up for two more,” I say, waving a hand at him as I continue to straighten up, setting pillows right and folding blankets. Jackson sighs dramatically but does as I say, heading over to the dumbwaiter with the note even as I marvel that he’s here at all. 
I mean I shouldn’t be that surprised that Jacksons‘ here I invite him to come over all the time. He’s gotten closer with Rafe and Jesse over the past two weeks during magic class, and I know that they like him. Plus, like Daphne, I suspect that he’s lonely and could use a night. 
of fun. 
I know that it will be awkward with Luca at first but I mean, Luca’s going to have to get used to it too, eventually, isn’t he? I mean, I have to imagine that at some point…Luca and Jackson are going to like, know about each other. And I figure….the more used to each other they get now, the easier that will be?
Right? 
I sigh, shaking my head, not wanting to think about that now as I put my hands on my hips, looking around the room. 
“What’s next?” Jackson asks, walking slowly over to me, his hands in his pockets, just the touch of a smile gracing his lips. 
I start to say something but then forget my words, captivated as I am by the sight of him. his broad shoulders, his strongly featured face, that long, straight nose. Instead of speaking. I just smile. 
Chapter 85 
Jackson laughs at me, shaking his head. “Why do you do that?” 
“Do what?” I cock my head to the side. 
“You just stare at me sometimes,” he murmurs, stepping close. 
“Well have you seen you?” I say, my eyes going wide as I take a long moment to look at him from head to toe. “You’re kind of a surprising specimen.” 
“I am not,” he sighs, looking away from me and grinning nonetheless. “I’m just big, but you’re used to that, in the family you came from.” 
“You’re more than just big, Jacks,” I say with a little sigh, drawing his eyes back to me. It smile at him again. “I’m really glad you came. You’re going to like Daphne.” 
“Daphne?” he asks, the smile falling from his face. 
“My friend!” I say, grinning anew and moving to the fire. “Didn’t I tell you she was coming? I figured that’s why you came you’re probably sick of our faces, but you’ll get to meet
someone new 
– 
“A girl!?” he asks, and I look up in surprise to see him looking towards the door with real anxiety on his face.. 
“Yesss,” I say slowly, watching him curiously. “Is that a…problem?” 
Jackson spins his head back to me, his brow furrowed, but before he can say anything else the door opens again, Jesse and Ben coming through. 
“Hey!” Ben calls, grinning between us. Jesse beams, crossing the room quickly and shaking Jackson’s hand, giving him a warm welcome and working very hard to make him feel at home. 
“Wow,” Ben says, kneeling down by the fire with me and starting to hand me wood, “I can’t believe you finally got him here. To a social occasion. How long do you think before he 
bolts?” 
“About five minutes,” I say, giving Ben a sad little look. “I just told him a girl is coming and he flipped.” 
Chapter 85 
Ben bursts out laughing at this, shaking his head at me. “Oh, if he only knew that he’s been in the presence of one all this time.” I grin too, stacking the longs on the fire and speaking softly to Ben as I light a match. 
“Take him under your wing a bit, okay, Ben? I want Jackson to have fun, and you’re nicer than the rest.” 
“Aye aye, Princess Captain,” Ben says happily, giving me a little salute before moving to Jackson’s side to say a real hello.
1 sigh with contentment as the fire catches on the little bit of kindling I’ve shoved beneath the logs, starting to burn warm and cozy. I sit back on my heels, watching the fire lick up the cool wood, pleased again to have a fireplace in this castle, which is getting colder and colder as the nights pass. 
“What the hell is he doing here?” 
I jump almost out of my skin, so lost was I in contemplating the fire, before I look up to see Luca staring down at me, his hands tucked deep in his pockets. 
I sigh, exasperated, the moment I recover from my surprise. “Luca,” I growl, grabbing his wrist and tugging him down next to me. “You’d better be nice to Jackson tonight he’s my guest –” 
“Yes, Ariel,” Luca growls back, using my name as a way to suggest to me that he’s being very serious, though he pitches his voice low enough that no one will hear. “And why have you, in particular, invited him?” 
– 
I shake my head at him, not wanting to have this fight again. Because of course Luca and I have talked about Jackson at length in the dream state and Luca just absolutely does not get my insistence on continuing our friendship when it bothers him so much. 
We need to tell him, my wolf says in my mind, giving me a determined little nip. We’re not being fair – it’s getting close to blatantly lying to him, at this point. 
I nod, agreeing with her, determined to do it over winter break. But god, it’s going to break his heart, and maybe mine too. Luca – he’s become so important to me over these past weeks and months. I just…don’t want to ruin what we have.
Selfish, my wolf quips, nipping at me again. But I roll my eyes at her, turning my attention back to my angry mate. Because even if it is selfish, I can’t just blurt it out right now. 
“Please, Luca,” I say, reaching out and putting a soft hand on his forearm. “Jackson’s really nice, and he’s lonely. Can you please find it in your heart to just be nice to a poor guy who doesn’t have any friends?” 
Luca sighs but then glances up to where Jackson is standing at the center of the room, towering over everyone but Rafe, chatting amiably with all of our friends. 
“He doesn’t look so lonely now, does he?” Luca says, a little bitter. 
And my heart swells because….well, no he doesn’t. Jackson – in this moment, at least, he looks… warm. Accepted. Like he’s having fun. 
Of course, his face goes pale when a little knock comes at the door. 
“Daphne!” I shout, jumping to my feet, knowing there’s only one person it could be. 
Her face bursts into a grin as she sees me and I hurry to her side. I wrap her in a warm hug. tugging her into the room. “I love your dress!” I whisper, my eyes roving over the pretty purple fabric with blue flowers printed on it. “Did you make it?” 
“Of course I did,” she says, flipping her hair back over her shoulder and pretending to be smug about it even though she glances in towards the room, her hands tight around the bottle of wine that she’s brought. She leans in closer to me. “Do I really look okay?” 
“You look gorg,” I say, grinning at her, meaning it. Daphne – she really is very pretty, isn’t she? “Come in, please!”
###Chapter 86
Chapter 86 
presses a 
I usher Daphne into the room then, where she’s warmly greeted first by Rafe, who brotherly kiss to her cheek – making her blush and then by Jesse, who kisses her hand like a Duchess, making her laugh. 
“Hi,” Luca says, stepping forward with his hand out, his dimples on full display as he greets. my friend. “I’m Luca Gra-” 
“Oh, no need,” Daphne interrupts, smiling at him as she presses his hand. “I know who you all are – 
Luca Grant, Ben Ternicki,” she peers around Rafe to where Jackson is hiding, “Jackson McClintock.” 
“Impressive,” Rafe says, raising his eyebrows at her. “How do you know all that?” 
“Well,” she says, grinning at my brother, “your dad pays me a lot of money to keep all of this information ready in my mind,” she says, tapping her temple with her forefinger and making me grin. “Honestly, I could probably rattle off all of your measurements, too.” 
“Oh really,” Jesse says, a wicked grin on his lips as he leans forward. “And who amongst us has the largest…inseam.” 
– 
I groan, tilting my head back, wrapping my arm around Daphne’s honestly, that’s precisely the kind of joke I told him not to make – 
“Oh, Jesse,” Daphne says, tilting her head and pouting her lips a little in mock pity as she steps forward, patting him consolingly on the shoulder. “Do you really want me to answer that?”
The entire room bursts into laughter, Jesse laughing especially hard with delight at my clever friend. I tug Daphne away to the couch, glancing at Jackson to see him smiling as well, though I can tell that he’s still uncomfortable. 
“Did you bring us wine?” Rafe asks, taking the bottle from Daphne like a gracious host and raising his eyebrow at it. “You trying to get us kicked out, ma’am?” 
“Oh, I figured,” she says, laughing just a little, “perhaps for later? For a little toast, just to say thanks for having me over?” She shrugs, anxious. “I mean, one bottle split between…” she 
takes a second to count, “seven? Honestly, no one’s getting drunk off of that.” 
Rafe concedes the point and thanks her graciously for the gift, placing it on the side table of his own little chair as the dumbwaiter’s bell rings. He and Jesse go off to get the food while Luca settles in on Daphne’s other side, chatting with her while I take a second to glance over at Ben and Jackson, who settle onto the floor on the other side of the coffee table. 
Ben. I’m pleased to see, is being very warm to Jackson, as I knew he would be. A little thrill of happiness passes through me because Ben he’s really wonderful, isn’t he? 
We’re so lucky to have him here with us. 
Hope he makes it through the Examination, my wolf says suddenly, pacing anxiously in soul. 
I go still at the thought. 
my 
The Examination – it’s scheduled for next week, and even though we all know it’s coming inevitably along, we’re all anxious about it. There have been no hints – absolutely none- about what it will entail.
But Ben – even beyond the Examination – is he even doing well in his studies? He’s been working out alongside Jesse and Rafe just like me but…has it been enough? 
Is there more I could have done? 
“Right, Ari?” Luca asks, and I turn, suddenly distracted. 
“Hmm?” I say, glancing once more towards Ben, still worried, but my Princess instincts take over and I turn my mind towards my guest, wanting her to feel at home. 
“I was telling Daphne she should come to the City for midwinter,” Luca says, smiling at me, and I burst into a grin as I look between them. 
“You should!” I say instantly. “I would love it – I can introduce you to so many people, and we can go shopping –” 
“Excuse me,” Luca says, pretending to be offended as he presses his hand to his chest, “I invited Daphne to come see me at midwinter, at my fight. Not to hang out with you.” 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 86 
* .096% 
D96% 15:38 
“Oh, boring fights aside,” I say, flapping a hand at him, “she’s my friend, Luca.” 
“The fight’s not going to be boring,” a voice says, and I turn in surprise to see Jackson sitting with his arms looped around his knees, clearly listening in on our conversation with Ben at his side. The room
falls quiet even as Rafe and Jesse come back, laying plates on the table as we all give Jackson our full attention. 
“No?” I ask, raising an eyebrow, perhaps the most shocked of us all Luca, of course. 
– 
except for maybe 
“No way.” Jackson says, shaking his head and meeting Luca’s eyes. “It’s going to be the show of the century there hasn’t been a fight against the Atalaxians in decades. Not only do we get to kick their ass, but we get to see what fighting techniques they’re developing over there.” 
I turn to Luca then, a little swell of pleasure running through me to see his lips starting to curl into a smile on one side. “Do you like boxing, Jackson?” 
“Of course,” Jackson says, his eyebrows going up like it’s obvious. 
“Why didn’t you say anything before?” Luca’s curiosity has a hint of suspicion to it, though I wonder if only I can hear it since we’ve gotten so close recently. 
“Did you give me much of a chance?” Jackson aska, his voice quiet, a little curl in the corner. of his own lip. 
I burst into a grin, turning back to Luca, who just laughs. “Well, then you’ll have to come too,” he says, nodding quickly before turning back to Daphne and chatting with her more. I grin at him over her shoulder, grateful that he’s come to what feels like a bit of a truce with Jacks. 
When I I turn to my other mate, I to find his eyes already on me.
can come, you know,” I say softly to Jackson, though I know his Alpha hearing picks up on it despite the fuss in the rest of the room. 
“We’ll see,” he replies, quiet. Jackson nods once, and then turns his attention back to Ben as Jesse hands him a plate of food. 
Dinner and the rest of the evening passes beautifully, just as I hoped it would. I’m replete with happiness as the hours pass, as everyone begins to relax into casual conversation and a great deal of laughter. Daphne, I note, blushes every time Rafe talks to her at first. But as the evening goes by, she calms, letting her personality show more and more. 
in a way 
Jesse, to my surprise, brings it out of her the most. He teases her at all the right times, never 
that makes her feel self–conscious but always in a way that makes her laugh. Then, Jesse very casually opens about a thousand conversational doors for Daphne to tease him right back. He takes each and every one of her ribs with a great deal of genuine pleasure, beaming at her, and I can’t help it as I smile between them. 
all Jesse he wants everyone to think him the heartless playboy, doesn’t he? But in the end, he really wants tonight is for Daphne to feel warm and happy. I sigh, considering that my cousin really is a good guy. I wonder, passively, why he tries to hide it. 
As the evening progresses, Daphne finds a moment to lean hard against my side, taking a deep breath as Rafe gets up and crosses to the fireplace, joining in the boxing chat with the rest of the boys. 
“I’m having so much fun,” she breathes, glancing at me before looking back at all of them. “Also, well done here, Ari!”
“Hmm?” I ask, pleased by the compliment but having no real idea what she’s talking about. 
“Your collection,” she says, gesturing towards all the boys by the fire. “Seriously, some cuties here a lot of girls would pay a great deal of money to be a fly on this wall – 
– 
“And here you are, on my couch,” I say, laughing and wrapping an arm around her shoulder, giving her a squeeze. 
“Very glad to be on this couch,” she says, and then she wrinkles her nose at me, lowering her voice. “How are things going with Luca?” 
I bite my lip, grinning at her, which is apparently all she needs. Daphne squeals lightly with pleasure, grabbing my hand. Ben laughs when he hears her, though the other boys don’t respond. He grins, shaking his head at me, but darts his eyes towards Jackson. I nod, letting him know I understand. 
“Ben says 
we’re being too girly,” I whisper, dropping Daphne’s hand and giving her a little 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 86 
push on the shoulder so that she scoots away a bit. 
D96% 
15:26
“Oh,” she says, her face falling a little. But then she glances back towards Ben. “So, what’s his deal, anyway?” 
“Ben?” I ask, glancing towards him with a grin. “Why, are you interested?” 
“No,” she says, coking her head to the side and considering him. “He’s not my type, but… well, Luca, I understand why he hasn’t hit on me. And Jackson seems very shy but…Ben….” 
I tilt my own head to the side, considering it and realizing that she’s right. 
And I consider, perhaps for the first time, that Ben has never hit on me either. I mean, I get that he’s not going to like every girl that walks into the room but… 
What, really, is Ben’s deal?
###Chapter 87
Chapter 87 
I study Ben for a long moment, really paying attention to him for the first time in a long time. At my side, I can feel Daphne do the same. And as I watch I notice… 
the 
Well, I notice the way that he looks at Rafe. The way that he tilts his head back to look up at my brother, the way he laughs at Rafe’s joke – which is not very funny, to be honest way his eyes don’t leave him even as Luca begins to talk. 
And my spine stiffens just a little bit as I realize… 
But I glance at Daphne, wondering if she sees what I see, but not wanting to bring it up because, I mean, Ben’s never brought it up. And who am I to speculate on something that he might very well want to keep to himself? 
But as I glance Daphne, I realize that she’s actually not looking at Ben at all. Instead, her eyes are fixed on Jackson, of all people, as he stands with his hands in his pockets, listening intently but not adding to the conversation. 
My little wolf jumps to her feet inside me, her teeth bared. But I brush a hand over her fur, even though I, too, am jealous. Because Daphne – she doesn’t know about my claim on Jackson, does she? 
And even if she did who the hell am I to say anything at all about her liking him? After all, I’m basically in a relationship with Luca, who is standing two feet from the man I’m getting all jealous over. 
Who the hell am I to scold anyone for looking with interest at someone else? 
“So,” I say, leaning closer to bump my shoulder against Daphne’s. “You like ‘em big, hmm?”
She starts a little and glances at me, but then she bursts into laughter as she realizes that she’s been caught staring at Jackson. “Yeah, Ari,” she says, stretching her arms over her head as she grimaces a little in embarrassment. “I guess between Rafe Sinclair and that other one over there, you’ve figured out my type. I like a big boy.” 
I grin. “I mean, they’re all big,” I say, shrugging. 
Chapter 87 
“I know, we’re just spoiled,” she sighs, propping her chin in her hand and gazing over at all of the eye candy. Even Ben, the smallest of the group, is well–muscled and over six feet tall. Rafe and Jackson… they’re just something else. 
Jesse, maybe overhearing us, suddenly separates himself from the group and comes to flop down on Daphne’s other side. “Did I hear you two talking about me?” he asks, too casual, trying to keep the smirk from his face. “Something about dreamboats? Celebrity crushes? Undying love?” 
“Sorry, Jess,” I say, laughing at him and standing up, wanting to give him a minute alone with Daphne to shoot his shot. “As much as I love you, cousins are not my type.” 
“I knew you were wise, Ari,” he says, grinning at me as I step away. Then, he turns his attention back to Daphne. “So,” he says, smiling gently at her. “Let me down easy, Daph. Which one of them has stolen you away from me?” 
She grins, shaking her head at him, but she doesn’t say a word. 
Jesse groans, tilting his head back. “Oh no,” he murmurs, devastation in every line of his face. 
“What!?” Daphne laughs. 
“You’re not saying anyone,” Jesse says, his eyes shut, shaking his head. “Which means…it’s
Rafe.” 
Daphne just laughs again, harder now, and Jesse opens his eyes, peeking at her. “It’s always Rafe. Do you know how many loves of my life I’ve lost to that man? If he wasn’t my cousin, I’d toss him straight off a cliff.” 
Daphne grins. “Sorry to break it to you, your Grace, but don’t bother killing your cousin thinking that would fix anything. I’m not even sure you’d be my second choice.” 
Jesse gapes at her and then glances over at the group of men. He gasps then, turning back, “McClintock!?” 
Daphne grimaces and Jesse groans again. “Cruel woman,” he mutters, dragging a hand. 
down his face. 
“You’ll always be a dear friend, Jesse Sinclair, Daphine sighs, still laughing, enjoying the hell out of herself. 
“The words of death.” Jesse sighs, still smiling at her. “Friendzoned. But I accept it. I’m at good friend, if you’ll let me be it.” He offers his hand to her, ready to shake on it. “I’ll even put in a good word for you with my good–looking cousin.” 
Daphne smirks, looking at Jesse askance with some suspicion in her eyes. “This isn’t just a ploy to trick me into falling in love with you, is it?” she asks. “Oldest trick in the book, you know – pretending to be a girl’s friend, get her laughing, console her when she cries, and then BOOM! Before she knows it, she wakes up in your bed.” 
“Well, as amazing as that sounds,” Jesse says, tilting his head to the side and giving her a significant look that makes Daphne laugh again. “No, I mean it,” he says, still offering hist hand. “If you want me to
be your friend, I’ll be your friend. No tricks, no strings attached.” 
“Hmm,” Daphne says, narrowing her eyes a little as she slips her hand into his, accepting his offer. “Honestly, Jesse Sinclair, I think I was hoping you’d try for me a little harder than 
that.” 
“Daphne,” he says, her name a sigh on his lips as he shakes his head and raises her hand to his mouth, “if you ever really want me to stop being your friend and try Instead?…just say the word.” And then he presses a kiss to her knuckles – a real one this time, not a joke like it was before. 
And Daphne? She finds herself smiling at Jesse now, a little intrigued despite herself. 
I walk away as Jesse and Daphne talk, letting them have a minute to themselves, trusting Jesse to be the gentleman that I know he can be. I’m not very surprised, though, when Jackson loosens himself from the group at the fire and steps over towards me. 
I also don’t miss the fact that Luca watches him go and meets my eyes, clenching his jaw and looking not very pleased. But I smile at him and he nods before turning back to my brother and Ben, continuing whatever it is they were chatting about. 
“So, are you surviving?” I ask, smiling up at Jackson and giving him my full attention for the first time since others started arriving. “It’s not so bad, right?” 
“It’s not,” Jackson says, hesitating as he runs a hand through his hair and looks around. “Although, honestly, it’s a little exhausting you guys do this every night?” 
– 
“Yes, Jacks,” I say, grinning at him, unable to take my eyes away. “It’s called having friends.”
He turns back to me and scrunches his face a little bit, like he doesn’t like the idea very much, which makes me burst out laughing. 
“And how are you handling the girl,” I say, turning a little to tilt my head towards Daphne, who is talking pretty intently with Jesse on the couch. 
Jackson scowls a little. “How’d you know I was nervous about that?” 
“Oh, just all the blood rushing from your face, and the look like a deer ready to bolt from the road when it faces down a sixteen–wheeler,” I say, giving a casual shrug. Jackson smirks, glancing at me and shaking his head. 
“I just don’t know a lot of girls,” he murmurs, his voice so low I can barely hear it. 
“Really?” I ask, frowning at him. “Did you go to like, an all–boys school or something? Don’t 
have any girls in your family? 
you 
Jackson turns to me for a second, studying my face like I’ve said something a little ridiculous. And then he just laughs a little. “No, Ari.” 
“No to what?” I ask, confused suddenly. “No cousins? No…boys school?” 
“No to all of it,” he says with a sigh. “I never went to school. I don’t have cousins.” 
“You never went to school!?” I ask, kind of appalled. I stare at him, my mouth open. I’m shocked first that he was homeschooled, which is so rare these days, and second that I didn’t know 
any of this after months of getting closer to him. “Are you like…an only child?”
“Ari,” Jackson says, turning his head at me like he’s surprised, too, that I don’t know. “I don’t have parents.” 
My mouth just hangs open as I stare at him, frozen, because… 
Because what the hell!? 
I had no idea! I mean, he never mentioned anyone, but he never mentions anything – 
1 step closer to my mate, a thousand questions flooding my mind, but before I can ask Daphne stands up and clears her throat, immediately drawing all of the boys‘ attention to her. I’m the last to look, distracted as 1 am by this bombshell that Jackson just dropped. 
“Actually.” Daphne says, suddenly awkward as she looks around. “Shall we have that…toast?” 
Rafe, ever considerate, immediately moves to her side and begins to open the bottle of wine as Jesse grabs some paper cups from the bathroom, apologizing for the lack of glassware even though he knows none of us care. 
I sigh, glancing up at Jackson with a frown to let him know that this is not the end of this conversation. He ignores me, though, watching the action and accepting his little glass of wine as Rafe and Jesse come around. 
I accept mine too, Luca moving to my other side and toasting my little paper cup with his. 
“Thank you so much for having me tonight,” Daphne says, smiling around at us and raising her own little paper cup in the air after Rafe has filled it with the last of the bottle. “To…new friendships, yes?” 
She smiles around at us and I smile back, but I hesitate when I see that…
That Daphne, she’s more nervous than she usually is, especially after a night of laughing with us. Something’s not quite right, is it? 
I’m frowning at her as she catches my eye, but then she lifts her cup again, saluting me in particular, and I don’t want to be rude so I raise my own cup in her direction and then drink it down. 
I make a little face, though, because the wine – it’s more saccharine than I’m used to. I glance up at Jackson, who is likewise frowning at his empty cup, and then over at Luca, who glances around before his eyes land on me. 
“That’s…” he says, studying his glass. “Is something…wrong with it?” 
“I’m sorry,” Daphne whispers, and all of our eyes snap to her, my own going to the still–full cup of wine in her hand. “I’m so, so sorry, everyone,” she says. 
Chapter 87 
And as soon as she says it, I feel the exhaustion overtake me. I give a little gasp as Jackson crumples to the ground at my side, and then Luca and Rafe and Jesse and Ben all fall 
I catch Daphne’s eye, guilt and devastation on her face as 1, too, collapse to the ground.
###Chapter 88
Chapter 88 
I gasp when my eyes fly open, hauling breath into my lungs as if I’ve just broken out of a pool of water. 
I immediately it up. panting, staring around at my unfamiliar surroundings. And my 
thought, absurdly, is that I’m in the dream state- 
Because this – this is not the dorm room that I was in with my friends ten seconds ago. 
first 
No, as I look around I realize that I’m in the woods now. But it takes me a few moments and blinks to realize that these are not the dream woods in which I meet Luca – but real woods. And it’s dusk, which is absurd, because it was just night time, but why… 
My instincts come back to me in bits and pieces and I curl my legs beneath me, ready to get to my feet as I look warily around, trying to figure out what the hell is going on here. My body feels sluggish and tired, but I would swear that moments ago I was drinking a toast with Daphne 
Daphne, who I suddenly remember betrayed us. But why!? 
I dart my eyes around, trying to figure out my surroundings, how I got here, why I’m all alone, and I almost jump when I turn to see a wooden box behind me. 
Ari Clark, it says, my name written onto a piece of paper nailed to the top. I just stare at it for a long moment, putting together the clues. 
I’m here, alone, in the woods, with a long box with my fake name on it. 
And the only ones who use my fake name are…the Academy…
Suddenly, as I move my hands to the box and flip open the lid, I figure it out. 
The Examination. This is the damn Examination – they lied to us, telling us it was next week so that we wouldn’t suspect or prepare. And Daphne didn’t betray us – she was just doing her damn job, drugging us with the wine so that they could get us here to be…to be examined, I guess. 
I glance around in the box, which doesn’t hold much, though I admit that the contents are fascinating. For a moment I ignore the long crossbow and the set of six vials, opting instead for the little folded piece of paper, which surely has the thing I want most in the world right now: information. 
My hands shaking a little, I sink back onto the ground with my legs underneath me, my eyes flying over the note as I unfold it. 
Cadet Clark, it begins. 
Your Examination begins the moment you wake and read this note. In order to continue at the Academy in the spring term, you are required to be amongst the top 60% of cadets in your year who pass the Examination. 
The Examination ends when you reach the Final Destination, noted on the included map. 
I take my eyes away from the letter just for a moment, glancing into the box to see that there is indeed a map inside along with a small compass. 
All cadets have been given the same map and compass, though yours has been marked with your unique starting point. The other supplies in the bin have been given to you by the professors in your specific discipline in order to aid you on your mission to reach the Final Destination quickly and ahead of your fellow cadets. Please note that only the first 60% of cadets to reach the finish line will be invited back in the Spring term; even if you do reach the Final Destination, if you cross the finish line too late, you will not be invited back.
your 
The supplies included have been designed by your professors to aid you to slow any of fellow candidates on their own way to the Destination, should that be part of your tactics. However, be aware that these supplies are not designed to kill. While this is a war simulation at a military academy, your fellow candidates are your countrymen. Any blatant acts designed specifically to kill will be met with strict discipline. 
My eyes go wide at this warning because….well, I mean, they’ve given me a cross bow, haven’t they? What do they want me to do with it, make friends? 
I return my attention back to the page, finishing the letter in a quick glance. 
You have thirty–six hours to reach the Final Destination. Any candidate who takes longer than that will not pass. We wish you the best of luck. 
I glance through the note one more time, my mind coming fully back to me now adrenaline starts to pump through my veins. Once I’m sure that I’ve committed it all to memory. I crumple it and toss it into the corner of the box, sorting quickly through my supplies as I glance around the forest, eager to get on the move. 
1 
Because it’s not only that I’m on a short timeline here, but I’m also newly aware that the vast majority of my fellow cadets are now my enemies, seeking to slow me down. And considering who I am, and how small I am? 
I’m easy pickings, all alone like this. No, I’ve got to move, and fast.
My hands shake a little as I strap the crossbow to my back, examining the quiver full of arrows lightening fast before I attach their little belt to my hip. All their points, I noted, are suitably dulled – not designed to rip through flesh, just, as the note suggested, to do enough damage to slow someone down. 
Unless you get someone in the eye, my wolf says, her hackles raised, all of her instincts on high alert as she turns around, examining the forest as I pick up the set of vials at the bottom of the box. 
1 smirk a little at her comment, because – quite frankly – I’m good enough with a crossbow now that I could sink an arrow into someone’s eye. Not that I’d do that, I don’t think, but…. 
I mean, would I? 
If I were pushed to it, could I kill someone, even a countryman, as the note says? 
My wolf hesitates alongside me, but I brush the thought away, forcing myself to concentrate on the supplies after another quick glance around the quiet forest. 
I immediately recognize the chemicals as those from Neumann’s collection and, considering my expertise, I know precisely what to do with them. The collection, as the note suggests, includes enough ingredients for me to make a moderately toxic poison that will definitely stop a cadet in their tracks but won’t kill them. The kit also cleverly contains a series of decoy chemicals, designed to trick an espionage–track cadet who hasn’t properly studied our textbook. 
But me? I studied. 
Lightening fast, I quickly mix the correct toxin and then hurl the remaining vials into the forest, wanting them out of sight. Then I grab the canteen of water from the back of the box, quickly chugging as much
as I can from it before dumping the toxin in it, making sure that I get in every last drop. Then this vial, too, I throw into the woods. 
1 
Finally, I grab my map and an apple from the bottom of the box, leaving the rest of the food behind, knowing that on my small frame I won’t be able to carry it. Thirty–six hours I can go that long without food and water, and I need to be fast. 
So 1 chew the apple as I go, consulting my compass and then moving north in the direction that the map indicates the Final Destination lays. As I pass out of my little starting grove, I casually drop my water canteen behind, almost like I did it by mistake as I ran. 
I’m not going to get a chance, after all, to get close enough to any of my fellow cadets to press the toxin directly to their skin or their faces. Getting close enough to do that would mean that I got knocked out before I even had a chance. 
So my best chance? A scavenger cadet who is loading up on lost supplies. 
I clench my teeth as I move away from the canteen, glancing at my map and the landscape around me, trying to figure out my best route. 
All the while wondering desperately how the hell I’m going to get through this in time. 
And where the hell my family and friends are. 
As I plunge into the woods, I hope desperately that they, too, are safe and on the move.
###Chapter 89
Chapter 89 
My feet carry me quickly through the woods as I survey the map, swiftly making sense of it and matching physical landmarks with the points on the page. Inwardly, I think gratefully of my dad and my uncle Roger, who brought me along on those early camping trips and showed me how to do this sort of work, not leaving me out. I mean, Rafe and Jesse certainly got more training in this than me as we got older – they could find their way home in the dark, just by looking at the stars. 
But me? I’m confident in my map reading skills, and I bless them now. 
When I identify a ridge running along my right and realize that I simply have to follow this until I reach a man–made bridge – which seems, honestly, a little too easy 
I fold the map and shove it deep into my back pocket. Then I set my sights ahead and hurry my steps, keeping my ears open for any other movement in the forest around me. 
My wolf, inside me, has her hackles raised and her instincts trained on everything around us. Shift into me, she commands, her teeth bared even at the sound of the wind rustling through the branches. I’m faster, stronger. I can bite and tear anyone who comes near… 
For a long moment I consider it, but then I shake my head and carry on in my human form. Too much risk, unfortunately, of being identified as female if I’m spotted as my rose- gold wolf. Not to mention my natural scent will be on full display, meaning that pretty much everyone would be well aware that there’s a girl running around the Examination. 
Plus, my instincts will be that of an animal. It’s not that you lose your human thoughts as a wolf, just that they become…secondary. 
And I really, really need to keep my wits about me.
My wolf growls, displeased with my choice, and mentally I bury my fingers thick into her hair. I will if I have to, I promise her, the feel of her fur against my hand bringing us both comfort and strength. 
I continue forward, my mind set on our trek. 
As I move into a clearer space along the ridge my eyes move, inevitably, to the jagged mountain that rises before me, slightly north–east from my current position. I swear, 
lightly, as my eyes take it in and 1 slip the map out of my back pocket, consulting it to confirm what I already know. 
Yup – there, right at the top. That’s our Final Destination. 
I curse the stupid map, which makes the trek look ridiculously simplistic and short. Just cross the river! Then the plane! Up the hill, and to the end! 
But the reality of it? 
The mountain is sheer cliff–face at some points, rocky shale just begging to crack and bring you crashing down to your death. I swallow heavily, missing my canteen suddenly, but simultaneously grateful that Rafe and Jesse made me do so much upper–body work. I’m going to need it, at some points, to do some quite literal bouldering. God, am I going to have to like…dangle out over open air? Surely there’s an easier path, perhaps around the side of the mountain where I can’t currently see- 
My head whips suddenly to the left and I freeze, hearing voices in the distance. 
Voices, plural. Shit. 
Unlike me, some cadets have found their friends or at least some temporary allies and are moving in a pack.
I curse under my breath, quickly scanning the ridgeline and darting directly for a set of bushes. I don’t have a chance, I know, caught alone like this. I’m such easy pickings, and knocking any candidate out is a win at this point. 
I tuck myself behind the bushes and slightly under them, pulling the crossbow down over my back and silently loading an arrow even as I keep my eyes trained ahead, towards the voices. Passively, I thank the captain for making me load a crossbow so many times I could do it in my sleep. 
It takes longer than I thought it would for the cadets to appear, and while this is half a blessing – giving my scent time to disperse in the air – it certainly makes me scowl, because every minute gone is a minute wasted. Speed, I know, is the only thing I’ve got on my side here but if I have to duck under a bush every five minutes? 
Being fast on my feet isn’t going to help me, is it? 
“Come on,” a cadet 1 don’t recognize says, pointing left towards the ridge I was following. “This way – we follow to the bridge. 
I nod slightly, my own plan confirmed in his. 
“A fucking bridge?” another says, shaking his head, even as he turns in that direction. “It has to be a trap if everyone’s heading for the bridge…” 
“Well then we’ll have to be the first ones to get there, won’t we?” says a third, his voice a little wicked. The first two turn to stare at him, and then they all laugh together – a dark sound. 
I scowl again as I figure out the import of their words, their laughter. 
If they get there first, they can be the ones to set the 
trap.
A seemingly endless string of curses forms itself in my mind because…what the hell am I going to do? If cadets spring a trap at the bridge, using it to harm or slow others…. 
How the hell am I going to get across? I certainly don’t have the brawn to muscle through… 
I’m itching to reach into my back pocket for my map, to reconsider my route, my plan, but I force myself to stay still and not do anything to draw attention to myself as the three cadets prepare to move forward. I’m working out my plan about how closely to follow when suddenly a fourth and a fifth cadet emerge from the woods. 
I go even stiller, if possible. Because while I didn’t know the first three…these two? 
I know these two.. 
“Peace,” Alan Wright says, raising his hands to shoulder height to show he doesn’t mean any harm, even though he’s got a sturdy staff held in his left hand. “We’ve got no trouble with 
if you don’t have any with us.” 
you 
I scowl a little, displeased to see that warrior–track students like Wright have been given weapons. Like they need them, when their bodies themselves are already weapons on their 
own. 
My eyes shift to Perry Gibson at his side, who I assume is ambassador track. He doesn’t have anything on him given to him by his professors – at least not that I can see. But what 
would an ambassador student even be given in a situation like this?
I put the question out of my mind, focusing instead on the response from the first three cadets. 
The other three cadets look over Wright and Perry anxiously, backing away but agreeing to a truce. None of them, I see, are truly interested in attacking each other if it means they could be hurt so early in the Examination. 
I exhale in relief as I see the first three cadets turn and move forward, clearly eager to get to the bridge first to either cross it or set their trap. Or both. 
Perry takes the map from his back pocket and he and Alan consult it together, noting alternate tracks to the Final Destination as I had considered doing, though their murmurs indicate that they, too, see the bridge as the fastest route. 
Perry shoves the map back into his pocket before taking a step forward, his jaw set, his feet eager to continue when suddenly Wright reaches out and grabs him by the arm. 
I go still even stiller than before when I see Wright raise his nose, scenting the air. 
My wolf snarls within me, her hackles raising, because by the smirk on his lips I know that I’ve been caught. 
My finger tenses on the trigger of my crossbow and I shift it slightly, taking aim. 
“What?” Perry snaps, turning to glare at Wright. “Let go of me we need to get a move on!” 
“Wait just a second, Perry.” Wright murmurs, slowly turning to look directly at my bush. “I think I smell… a rat.” 
I make an impulsive decision, hoping to my grandmother the Goddess that it saves my life. 
Baring my teeth with a vicious snarl, I take aim with my crossbow and pull the trigger.
###Chapter 90
Chapter 90 
My bolt flies as Wright charges directly for me, his eyes focusing on my exact location either by dint of my scent or my snarl. He dodges, though, at the last second, when he sees the crossbow bolt flying directly for his chest 
His quick movement works and the bolt glances off his arm, ripping through the fabric of his uniform and spraying blood into the air. Wright roars, turning to survey the damage even as he stumbles towards me. Perry’s face is the picture of shock and confusion, but I don’t bother to give him more than a glance as I spin, leaping to my feet even as I load another quarrel. 
As fast as I am, it’s too slow. Just as I get the bolt into place and spin on my feet to shoot. again, Wright’s full weight hits me like a freight train, knocking me to the ground. I shout in pain and fear as he lands on top of me, but the sound leaves me in a rush along with the rest of my breath.. 
“Fucking bastard,” Wright snarls, and even as I gasp, trying to get more breath into my lungs, I can smell the scent of his blood on the air. 
Even in my pain and panic, something is satisfied at that. 
But Wright grabs my face, whipping it towards him, my cheeks pressed between his fingers. as he pins me down with his weight, snarling down into my face. “What, little Shrimp,” he snaps, using my nickname like the dirty word he probably imagines it to be, “got no recourse without your prince, or your 
duke, or your boxer to save you!? 
I snarl, but Wright shakes my head viciously, addling my thoughts. He releases me for a second, but I groan when I feel him plants his hand on the side of my face and press, hard, so that the whole left side of my head is pressed into the dirt.
that 
“This is for Graham,” Wright whispers, violent and cruel as he begins to press down. I gasp in pain and fear as I realize that he’s going to crush my whole head under his hand he could probably do it, if he puts his whole weight into the act – 
“Wright!” Perry shouts from behind. “Come on, there’s no time for this!” 
“He’s the reason my brother’s life is nothing now!” Wright shouts, his voice frantic in the 
Chapter 90 
killing rage in which he’s caught. 
“Don’t fucking kill him!” Perry shrieks, and I feel a disturbance in Wright’s weight, even as [ thrash uselessly in my panic, trying to get him off of me, to save my life. “You read the note 
heard what it said you’ll be kicked out, even if you make it!” 
you 
“He – ” 
– 
But Wright doesn’t get to finish his words because there’s a sudden earth–shattering roar behind him. 
Perry shrieks first a shrill, terrified noise that ends suddenly in a cry of pain. 
And then Wright goes still, turning, and I see his eyes go wide as the roar sounds again and he’s whipped off of me, a huge paw connecting with his chest and tossing him through the air like a ragdoll.
My eyes go wide as I stare at the huge wolf standing above me, one leg over my laid–out body- 
Because, I mean, I’ve seen my dad’s wolf form before, so I am used to big wolves. So, when I say this one is huge…. 
God, he could give a polar bear a run for his 
money. 
But there’s no time to think on it as the wolf standing above me snarls at the cadets in front of him, his teeth fully bared in warning and malice. For an instant – just barely – I’m terrified that I’m next that this is just some rogue cadet who is taking out everyone in his path so that he can get to the Destination first- 
– 
But then, I catch his scent. And my fear drops from me in a second. 
Because it’s… it’s Jackson, standing across me, just begging Wright and his little crony to challenge him to a fight. 
I lift myself to my elbows, looking to my left where Perry is holding his hands up and Wright is moaning, rubbing his back where it clearly hit a tree. 
“We’ll 
go, all right!?” Perry shouts, glaring at Jackson and edging towards the ridge line. 
“Call it even!” 
In an instant, Jackson shifts, his breath heaving in him as he shrinks in on himself and takes. his human form again, one leg still spread on either side of my body. “Even!?” he snaps, clearly livid. “You
want to call this fucking even!? You were going to kill him!” 
“Well, we didn’t,” Wright snarls, getting to his feet. “Come on, Perry, let’s go.” 
As I watch, Wright turns, heading fast towards the edge of the ridge, through the brush and away from the clearer path. Jackson moves to follow, to chase to do what, I don’t know, maybe kill him for wanting to kill me? 
– 
cheek But quickly I grab his ankle. “Just let them go, Jacks,” I murmur, lifting a hand to my and rubbing it, wondering if Wright has done some real damage there. God, he tried to crush my skull, and it aches- 
“What are you even doing here?” Jackson snaps, and I look up at him, confused. And then I scowl, getting pissed myself. 
“Oh, you know, just laying out, enjoying the sun,” I quip, angry, dropping my hand from his ankle and leaning back on my elbows. When Jackson narrows his eyes at me, I do the same. “I’m doing the same thing you are, Jacks! Trying to get to the top of the fucking mountain!” 
“Well obviously, Clark,” he snaps, continuing to glare even as he steps away from me and offers a hand to help me up. “What are you doing here!?” he asks, gesturing at the grove. 
around us. 
I stare at him as he pulls me to my feet, confused. “I’m not doing anything here,” I murmur, looking around. “I was just hiding because I heard voices I was on my way to the bridge. Why? Is there…is there something special about…here?” 
–
Jackson sighs, turning away from me and confusing me more when he lifts his nose to the air, moving around, sniffing eagerly like he’s on the hunt. “Of course you’re fucking here,” he mutters, shaking his head, angry. 
I just stare at him, wondering if he’s snapped or something, mentally. “What?” 
“Of course!” he shouts, whirling on me, glaring harder now. “Of course you’re here, where her scent leads! Like you always fucking are!” 
Chapter 90 
I groan, realizing what happened that somehow he caught a whiff of my girl scent, hist mate’s scent, and came running. That he wasn’t here to help me, Ari Clark, he was here to help his mate. 
Who, of course, I realize is also me. 
God, this is just going to cause trouble. 
“She’s not fucking here, Jackson,” I sigh, rolling my eyes, wondering how fast I can get through the speech this time. “Come on, we have to go 
– 
Η 
I start towards the ridge again, eager to get to the bridge, well aware that I’ve already wasted way too much time, when suddenly a huge hand grabs my shirt, pulling me close. 
“She is here, Clark!” Jackson shouts, shaking me and shouting down into my face. “I can smell her I can smell hear fear!”
“Her her fear?” I ask, my voice softer now in its confusion. 
“Yes!” he snaps, dropping me and turning in a frantic circle, scanning the trees. “I can smell. her – I know she’s scared she’s here, and she’s scared, and I’m not leaving until I find her! I-” 
I groan, putting my face in my hands, shaking my head, realizing that this is a horrible trap. for Jackson to have fallen into. Because it’s his mate he’ll spend all thirty–six hours of this Examination in these woods looking for her, looking for me, if he seriously thinks she’s here and in trouble. 
Which, of course, I was. 
But Jackson doesn’t realize that he already did his job and saved his mate’s life! He’s still all worked up, thinking he has to find her! 
Honestly, what the hell am I supposed to do with this!? 
“Jackson!” I shout, whipping my hands down from my face and taking three short steps towards him, grabbing his arm and pulling hard so that he half turns towards me. “She’s not here!” 
Chapter 90 
“She is here!” his eyes still frantically scan the treeline, ignoring me. 
Making a snap decision I jump, whipping my hand forward and smacking him on the side of the head.
###Chapter 91
Chapter 91 
This gets his attention, and he snaps his face to mine, snarling and baring his teeth. But I just cross my arms, glaring up at him. “Would you listen to me? I know things, all right? And she’s not here.” 
Jackson goes still, just staring at me. 
“I’m not tricking you, Jacks!” I shout, frantic myself now, wanting to get a move on, wanting to get his mind back on the correct problem before he wastes more time than he already has. “Do you think I’d lie to you? Seriously, after everything we’ve been through in the past few months I know I’m still keeping things from you, Jacks, but do you honestly think I’d turn you away from your mate if she really needed your help!?” 
Jackson’s face softens slightly as he stares at me, his teeth still bared. 
And I nod once when I see his eyes clear, see him believe me. 
Because, despite everything, over the past few months we have become friends. I have earned some of his trust, and he knows I won’t betray him. 
Jackson stares at me for a few moments longer and I hold his gaze, willing him to take side. 
And then he just turns, covering his face with his hand as he tilts his head up to the sky, groaning as he shakes his head. “God, Clark, what the fuck is going on?” he murmurs against his palms. 
my 
And I sigh, shaking my head, wanting desperately to tell him, to make this easier on him.
“Can we just go, Jacks?” I say on a sigh, exhausted by all of this by the Examination, by the sight of my mate so upset, by the fact that another cadet just tried very hard to murder me. 
And god, we’re not even an hour into this bullshit. 
Slowly Jackson turns, sighing himself, meeting my eyes. “I don’t understand this, Ari,” he whispers, and the fact that he’s using my name now not Clark 
– 
warms me. 
Emergency calls only MOODT… 
Chapter 91 
“I know,” I say in reply, taking a step towards him. “I’m sorry.” 
095% 
15:42 
He just shakes his head, closing the distance between us and wrapping a broad hand around my arm. “Is she okay?” 
I exhale sharply, looking up at him. “She’s fine.” 
He stares at me, confused, but I look to the right, along the ridge. 
“Come on,” I say, taking a step forward and pulling him with me. “Jacks, we have to go. We can’t stay here – we have to get to the end.”
He tightens his hand, not letting me get away. “Do you promise?” he breathes, and I turn back to him, my heart aching at his sincerity. “Do she’s safe?” 
you n 
“She is now,” I say, steady. 
Jackson takes a deep breath, nodding once, and then drops his hand from my arm. I nod back, steady, and then I start again, adjusting the crossbow slung over my back, and I don’t look back to see if he’s following. Because I know that he is. 
My mate- of course he’s at my side. Of course he is. And with him here, I actually have a shot at surviving this. 
Jackson and I walk for a long time in silence, and I give him the space to pull himself together. I don’t miss, out of the corner of my eye, that he sends worried looks over his shoulder and I swear at one point that I hear a very wolfish whine of worry come from his throat. 
But I just breathe out and concentrate on moving forward and paying attention to our surroundings, because one of us needs to be attentive to the world around us. A thousand things could happen now, the most dangerous of which would be getting attacked by another larger group of cadets. 
As we walk, though, I calm, and I feel Jackson next to me do the same. Passively, I wonder if that’s just normal empathy letting me know that he’s calming down and starting to concentrate on the situation at hand, or if it’s the connection between us, growing deeper. 
After about twenty of minutes of walking, Jackson pushes a canteen against my chest, 
Emergency calls onlyM 
Chapter 91
# -.095% 
15:43 
making my jump a little. “Drink,” he murmurs, and I glance to the side to see him pulling his own map out of his pocket, looking over it. “Let me see your map,” he murmurs. “I want to make sure that they’re the same.” 
I oblige, taking a quick sip from the canteen as Jackson holds one map in each hand looking them over. He gives a swift nod, handing one back to me. 
“Thanks, by the way,” I say, taking my attention from the path for a moment as I hand his canteen back to him. “For…rescuing me. Again.” 
Jackson doesn’t say anything, just shoots me a little look and nods like it was the obvious thing to do. But guilt wells in me, because I know that even though his mate and I are one in the same, that he wasn’t actually trying to save the me he knows, Ari Clark trying to save some anonymous girl. 
And a little jealousy suddenly wells in me…. 
But I scowl and brush away. 
– 
he was 
Because honestly, am I wasting time in this Examination being jealous of myself!? My wolf huffs at me, giving my soul a nip, telling me to pay attention. So I do, pushing myself forward along the ridge as fast as I can, which is slower than I’d like it to be. The terrain has changed now, moving from smooth forest to rocky terrain that slows my steps, even as night falls.
After about two hours, Jackson sighs, putting a hand on my shoulder. “Stop,” he says, and I turn to see him shaking his head as he looks up at the sky. “We need a plan.” 
I 
stop, turning to him as he again pulls out his map, taking advantage of the last gasps of light to review it. I come to his side, standing on my tiptoes so that I can see it as well. 
“The bridge is a trap,” I murmur, frustrated. 
“It wouldn’t be,” he replies, his voice chagrined, “if we were faster.” 
fumy up the 
I scowl, because I know that’s my fault. If it weren’t for me, Jackson would be halfway up mountain by now. 
“Taalean paue eneaking his thoughts aloud as he 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 91 
*.095% 
15:43 
+5 
studies the map. “How fast we can move, how we deal with our apparent enemies, whether or not we can change plans on a dime. Eventually, it will test our ability to handle rough terrain,” he says, pointing
towards the land closest to the Final Destination, which I noted early is mostly cliff’s that we’ll have to scale. 
I study the map alongside him. “Cadets are going to gather at the bridge,” I sigh, shaking my head. “Make it hell for anyone to cross.” 
“Yup,” he agrees, nodding. “It’s not a bad plan- anyone who is strong and fast enough will have already crossed anyway and made it to the mountain by tonight. But for anyone who is a little slower or doesn’t have the ability to shift, it will be worth it to take the time and knock out faster candidates as they try to cross. I mean, I can take them, but…” he glances down at me, not needing to finish the sentence. 
I ignore the fact that I cannot, looking up into his face and frowning. “Would it even be worth it, though? I mean, even if you could take them and do some damage, you risk getting hurt.” 
“They can’t hurt me,” Jackson mutters, his eyes roving over the map for a plan. 
“Jacks,” I sigh, suddenly pissed and a little sick at the idea of him barreling through a gauntlet of cadets at the bridge. “You’re not invulnerable, you’re just big. Stop being so cavalier.” 
Jackson takes a second to study me with a frown, I think surprised that someone is worried. about him. But then he just shrugs. “It doesn’t change anything,” he says. “We still have to get you across.” 
I bite my lip, staring up at my mate’s perfect face, suddenly horribly guilty at all he’s giving up by dragging my tiny little self along in his wake. “Jacks,” I say softly. “Just…go on without me. Leave me behind.” 
Slowly, Jackson turns to stare at me like I’ve said the craziest thing he’s ever heard.
###Chapter 92
Chapter 92 
“I’m not leaving you behind, Ari,” Jackson spits out, glaring at me like I’ve said something. horrible and ridiculous, like we should both throw ourselves off the cliff. 
“I’m just slowing you down!” I say, throwing out my hands for emphasis. “Seriously, if you hadn’t back– tracked for me, you’d be like, finished now 
“I didn’t backtrack for you,” he mutters, still staring at me, “I backtracked for 
“Your mate, whatever,” I sigh, rolling my eyes. “Either way, it’s not fair. I’ll find my own way 
the mountain, it will be fine.” 
up 
“It will not be fine,” he says, reaching out to grab my arm. “Do you think I want to do this without you!?” 
“What?” I ask, suddenly baffled. 
“Not…not this, Ari,” Jackson says, waving the map around at the darkening forest. “Not the Examination. I mean, the Academy. Do you think I’m not aware that you’re the only person who has been nice to me? That you’re you’re the only human connection I have at all?” 
– 
“But,” I frown at him, “Rafe and Jesse –” 
“Are only friends with me because you make them be
“That’s not true, Jackson,” I whisper, turning to face him, desperate for him to believe me. “They like you for who you are sure, I was the start of it, but they really do –” 
– 
“Ari,” Jackson sighs, his shoulders slumping, “this isn’t the time for a pep talk. Just – I’m not leaving you behind, okay? I found you in the woods, for some reason – because you’re always weirdly around when I smell her scent – but…I’m not leaving you behind now, all right? There’re ways to do this, even if I have to drag you up the mountain myself.” He mutters the final words, looking back at the map, and a slow, terribly pleased smile creeps over my face. 
Because my mate- he likes me. He’s my friend. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 92 
$.095% 
15:43 
And as stupid as that is to realize because, duh, of course your mate is supposed to like you as a person…god, it means everything in the world to me right now. 
“Okay,” I whisper, giving in and stepping close. “So, what should we do?” 
“Can you shift?” he asks, glancing over at me, hesitating. Not everyone can shift 
people, even though they’re full wolves, just never develop the ability. “This will all be a lot easier if you can run as a wolf”
I bite my lip, because while I can shift….I mean, the jig will instantly be up if I do. Jackson will take one whiff of my honey and clove scent in my wolf form and know immediately who I am. 
Which will, of course, destroy his world and throw his attention off again when we both need to concentrate on getting to the top of the mountain. 
So, slowly, I decide to lie, hoping desperately that it’s the right choice. “No,” I whisper, and my wolf howls within me to be denied the chance to run as well as the fact that we’re blatantly lying to our mate. “I…I can’t shift.” 
Jackson scowls, looking down at the map. “Well, let’s get to the bridge then,” he says, folding it neatly and sliding it into his back pocket. “See what the situation is there. Then….we can make our next move.” 
Nodding. I fall in slightly behind him, letting him take the lead. 
We walk for another hour then, with me placing my feet where Jackson placed his, trusting his steady steps and his apparently innate knowledge of the wilderness to know the best way through the dark. He silently, almost passively watches out for me, pointing to tricky spots or turning to offer a hand when the terrain is particularly steep. I stop noticing the pulse that rushes through the air every time we touch, because it’s become natural to me now, just part of being near him. 
Both of us become intent, though, when we see fire ahead. I focus my eyesight, seeing the edge of the ravine and the start to the bridge next to it. Clearly, a group of cadets truly has set up something of a toll at the crossing, and they’re not being shy about announcing it. 
“Bold,” Jackson murmurs, peering through the trees. Then he looks around, interested. “Let’s get to higher ground,” he says, nodding upwards to a cliff above us. “I want to see 
Emergency calls only
Chapter 92 
what we’re up against there.” 
* .0095% 
[15:43 
Then, to my shock, Jackson ferrets out a teeny tiny little path up the cliff, balancing on it with incredible grace that makes me wonder if he’s part goat shifter, instead of all wolf. I do my best to follow, clinging to the rock and taking his patient hand when I need to. Twenty minutes later we’re about thirty feet in the air on a flat jut of rock about ten feet wide. I hesitate, wondering if it’s safe, but Jackson crouches casually on the edge, apparently having no such concerns. 
I scowl and move close to him, wishing I moved in the wilderness with his clear ease and confidence. 
Too much time hanging out in a palace, I guess. 
“What are you seeing?” I whisper, wanting to know what the situation below looks at from his eyes. 
“Big group,” he murmurs, gesturing towards the three fires burning below and the cadets. gathered around them. “Already done some damage.” He points to the side now and I grimace to see that there are about ten cadets passed out to the side, my stomach turning to see a few of their legs twisted and broken, taken out of the running in their attempt to cross. 
I press my eyes shut, swallowing hard, hoping desperately that none of them are Ben, or Jesse, or Luca, or Rafe. But…no, it can’t be. Their stories at the Academy can’t end like that, and neither can mine. 
“So?” I ask, forcing myself to open my eyes and pay attention. “What do you think, do we risk it? Rush it?”
“No, too many of them,” Jackson murmurs, shaking his head. “They’ll hold out overnight, hoping to take out more. Then, in the morning, they’ll shift and run. Maybe cut the bridge. behind them. We need to get across another way.” 
“Is there another way?” I ask, fear curling in me now. 
“Down the ravine and back up,” Jackson murmurs, nodding and pointing left along the trail, beyond the bridge. “It’s….harder, it will take time.” 
“Well let’s go,” I say, standing up straight. But Jackson’s hand intercepts me, pulling me back 
3/6 
Emergency calls only) 
Chapter 92 
down. 
*.095% 
15:43 
“Impossible in the dark,” he murmurs, and I can see him shake his head. “Handholds, footholds…you could easily fall to your death.” 
I don’t miss that he says that I could fall to my death. He doesn’t mention himself. 
“So, what?” I ask, ignoring it. “First light?”
“First light,” he says, nodding. “We move along the ridge, get to a high point, get into position. Then, as soon as we can see…we move. Hope to hell nobody has projectiles, like you.” He nods to my crossbow. 
“The only people who do will be marksmen,” I sigh. “And…the other two are close enough with me. They won’t take us out.” 
“Trusting,” Jackson says, his voice sarcastic, like he clearly thinks that they might. But I ignore him as we both stand and move to the left along the cliff face. Again, I step where he steps, trusting the fact that if the stone can hold him it can certainly hold me. About fifteen minutes pass as we move along and I’m drenched in sweat, even in the cool night air, with the stress of having to balance so high and so precariously. 
Finally, though, we come to another wide, flat area, this time with a slight overhang in the cliff face that creates a little shelter. I peer into it, a little worried it might already contain some wildlife, but Jackson moves towards it without a care. 
“In,” he says, tossing his canteen beneath the overhang and taking off his backpack, dropping that too. I do as I’m told, sitting down and crossing my legs, unlooping the crossbow from my shoulder and placing it at my side along with the arrows as I look up at him. “There’s some fruit in there, and bread,” he says, gesturing towards the bag. “You should eat.” 
“Well, you should too,” I mutter, pulling it towards me as I realize how hungry I really am. 
“Nah, I don’t need it,” Jackson says, putting his hands on his hips and looking back the way that we came. “Eat as much as you want. I’ll be back by morning.” 
And then my mouth drops open as Jackson begins to stride away.
###Chapter 93
Chapter 93 
“What!” I shriek, scrambling to my knees and knocking the fruit and bread out of my lap. 
“Shh!” Jackson hisses, turning back towards me and holding out a hand, looking at me like I’m crazy. “Don’t be an idiot, Ari! If we’re waiting for dawn to move into the ravine, others. are too! And they will come for us! Just….be quiet, all right!?” 
“Jackson!” I whisper, full of rage, ignoring his words and getting to my feet, striding towards him, “you are not leaving me here!” 
He huffs a little laugh, clearly implying that I couldn’t stop him if I tried. “Yeah, Ari, I am.” 
“You are not!” I put my hands on his chest and shove, angry. 
“I’ll be back!” he says, not budging an inch. “I promise, all right? I’m not abandoning you – I’ll be back at dawn, I’ll help you. I just…” 
And I go still as I see his head turn again, back the way we came, back to where… 
Well, back to where he imagines she is. 
His mate, alone. 
His mate, frightened in the wilderness, needing his help. 
And then even though I assured him that she’s safe, that there’s nothing wrong, he can’t leave it. 
“Jackson,” I beg, wrapping my fists in his shirt and staring up at him. “Please, please don’t do this.” 
“I have to, Ari,” he says through his teeth, frustrated with me. “She’s my
mate.” 
“She’s fine!” I insist again, tightening my fists, trying to will him to believe me. 
“I know that you believe that,” Jackson snaps, shaking his head. “But Ari, I smelled her, I could taste her fear on the air – I swear it, something happened to her.” 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 93 
0 95% 15:43 
“And she got through it!” I insist. “Didn’t it go away!? Didn’t the fear like…dissipate!?” 
“Yeah,” he concedes, “but what if that’s because she got hurt? What if she’s unconscious?” He scowls, stepping away from me roughly, suddenly angry. “I never should have let you drag me away from there. I should have stayed 
“You should not have stayed!” I snap, getting pissed in my own right now, because Jackson he’s being foolish. “She’s fine! She doesn’t need you to go searching for her she needs you to stay here, so you can be ready to cross at first light!” 
“How the fuck do you know that, Ari!?” Jackson growls, stepping towards me, looming over me. And I realize, quite suddenly, that this is a fight a real fight. And if I’m not careful, I could make this Alpha snap, that it could get violent 
But I dismiss the thought, instantly. Because my mate – he won’t hurt me. His body, his biology won’t let him hurt me. 
Except…well, except if he doesn’t know who I am.
I push it all away, stepping into his space now, unable to help it. “I know that she’s safe the way I’ve always known, Jacks,” I reply, my voice low with my own anger in response to his. “Have I ever betrayed you? Have you ever not been able to trust me? Have 
“I probably shouldn’t have been trusting you this entire time!” Jackson suddenly exclaims, throwing up his hands in the air. “I don’t know why I do! I mean, is this your magical gift, Clark!? Making me act like a god damn idiot!? Making me constantly, consistently turn away from my mate and just believe you that one day you’re going to tell me what the fuck is going on!?” 
“You trust me because you know I’m trustworthy!” I snap, putting my hands on my hips. “What was all of that about friendship earlier!? About not abandoning me because I’m the only one who’s been nice to you?” 
“And what is that about, Clark?” Jackson says, his voice a little more dangerous now as he steps closer to me, moving so close that his chest bounces against mine, making me fall back a step. I regain my footing fast, scowling at him, suddenly livid that he’d bully me like 
use his larger form to intimidate him. 
that 
“What are you talking about?” I growl. 
Emergency calls only is ? ? □ & 
Chapter 93 
– 
095%
15:43 
Is that why you’re nice to me?” he asks, and I can hear the wound in his voice now. “Because you realize that that that’s the only way you’re getting through this? You found the loneliest guy in the Academy and gave him the scraps of your attention, and for that I do what carry you through the Examination? Is that he pauses now, his voice catching. “is that seriously what’s happening? Have you have you been leading me on, telling me that you’ll tell me about my mate someday to….because you know that it would wrap me around your finger?” 
I stare up into his face in the darkness, completely shocked, appalled at the idea. 
And my heart absolutely breaks for him, that he could consider this a possibility. Again, my mind turns to what his world must have been like who raised him, that he could imagine 
me so manipulative? 
– 
“Jackson,” I breathe, shaking my head, “I would never do that to you. You’re you’re my friend – 
His MATE! My wolf howls, grieving within me, realizing alongside me that we’re wounding him further. 
Because whatever world he did grow up in, we’re doing the same outh goes dry as I 
We are lying to him, every day, because it easier for us. Tears spring to my eyes and my mouth goes dry as I stare up at him, not knowing what to do. 
Jackson – I have been betraying him. And he’s been so tough, so sturdy, that he he just took it, uncomplaining.
“I’m going after her,” Jackson growls down into my face, ignoring my emotions. “I have to see, Clark. I have to make sure that there’s no trace of her in the forest – I need to know that she’s okay.” 
“Jackson,” I murmur, stepping forward once again, wrapping my hands in his shirt, 
desperate. “Jackson, she’s not out there. I swear on everything that she’s not please, please. just stay here.” 
“Ari,” he whispers, have livid and half desperate, “how can you ask me not to? How can you try to keep me away from her!?” 
“I’m not!” I gasp, the tears starting to roll down my cheeks. “I swear, Jackson, she’s safe! 
Chapter 93 
– 
She’s not in any danger! You can’t leave you can’t spend the rest of the night prowling around the forest looking for her! It’s pointless!” 
“How do you know that!?” he shouts, losing his temper now and shoving me away from him, his voice ringing out against the rocks as he forgets our situation completely, as he loses himself to his desperate anger, his need to know. 
“Because!” I shout in response, stumbling backwards before finding my balance, my hands. fisted at my sides. “Because she’s right here, Jacks!” 
“What!?” he breathes, staring at me and then looking frantically around our little plateau like she’s going to suddenly appear or something. “What are you talking about, Ari –” 
“It’s me!” I shout, the words stumbling from my mouth.
My wolf howls in relief, her noise long and slow and agonized, like letting out a long–held breath that has been aching in her lungs. 
“What?” Jackson says, staring at me like I’m crazy, like I’m an idiot. 
“It’s me, Jacks!” I repeat, stepping forward and glaring at him, tossing out a hand between us like it’s obvious. “When you’re smelling your mate? You’re smelling me. You smelled my fear- that’s why you came running to me!” 
“What?” he repeats, his face screwing up in concern and confusion, his head tilting as he tries to put it all together. “Are you two like….tied? Does her magic…does she feel your fear? Are you like….twins?” 
Oh my god, my wolf says, standing rigid in my soul. He really…he really just doesn’t get it.
###Chapter 94
Chapter 94 
I stare at Jackson like he’s an idiot now. Because…honestly I really kind of did think that he’d figured it out, at a least a little bit. Or that once I told him, all the pieces would snap into place. 
But the way he’s looking at me..Jackson does not know. 
He bought, hook line and sinker, the lie that I’m Ari Clark, royal cousin who has some strange and elusive tie to his mate. 
“Jacks,” I growl, shaking my head. “No, it’s…it’s me. Your mate is me.” And with that, I whip off my cap, revealing the hair braided in a coil on top of my head, letting my true scent free. 
He continues staring at me, uncomprehending. But I see him stumble back a step, his eyes. going wide the moment my scent hits him. 
“How…” he murmurs, his voice trembling. “How can you….you’re a Cadet…you’re male…” 
hat 
“Oh my god,” I groan, dipping my face into my hand for a second before dropping my and grabbing the hem of my shirt, tugging it up halfway as fast as I can so that he can see the shape of my body beneath, my wider hips, my trim waist. “Jacks, no, I’m a girl.” 
I stand there, my shirt fisted against my breasts, staring at him, breathless. 
Realization hits Jackson like a bus. 
His eyes go wide and he stumbles back a step, not breathing, his face going deathly pale in the light of the moon. I stare at Jackson, watching him struggle to make sense of the newly disparate pieces of the
world. His eyes move fast over me again and again before, always, returning to my face. 
But he just stares back at me, slack–jawed, not saying a word. 
And then, after a long, long moment of staring at each other, Jackson just….turns on his heel. 
And stalks away. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 94 
And I stare after him in…absolute shock. 
W95% 
1 15:44 
Jackson’s tall form disappears quickly into the darkness and I stare, my mouth hanging 
into the black night for way, way too long. 
open. 
And then I groan a long, slow groan, standing up straight and burying my face in my hands, wondering what the hell I just did. 
It’s okay, my wolf says, a little frantic, it can’t be bad we told him the truth…the truth can never be bad… 
Yeah, I reply, deeply sarcastic, unless the truth completely upends your world in the middle of an insane trial. And your core reaction is to just run and leave your mate stranded on a cliff somewhere.
My wolf murmurs comforting things about how that can’t possibly be what’s happening, that he just needs a minute alone to process because he’s the solitary sort, but eventually she runs out of pleasant, hopeful sentiments as we both just stare into the darkness waiting for him to come back. 
But..he doesn’t. 
I curse, slowly and fluently, and turn towards the little overhang of rock where I’d been sitting with the water. I sink into that spot, sitting hard on my butt and ignoring the pain as I rest my elbows on my knees and then prop my miserable chin into my hands. 
Because, I mean, what did I think was going to happen!? That he was just going to be like, “Oh, cool! How nice! What a relief, now I can stay!” 
No, of course, my weird outdoorsy Alpha mate reacted to his panic by going completely back to his roots. He probably shifted into his wolf and is now prowling around the cliffside in the moonlight, not even thinking human thoughts anymore, just letting his animal instincts take over and forgetting all about me. 
I scowl a little because…well, because as sorry as I feel about losing my temper and blurting it all out in a rush… 
It did hurt my feelings, a little bit, that he just…walked away. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 94 
095% 
15:44
I mean, did he…did he reject me? 
Does he hate me? Did he realize that I’m a girl and think, immediately, “ew“? 
Oh my god…does Jackson think I’m ugly? 
I groan, putting my face back into my hands and shaking my head, hating that these are my thoughts right now. I mean, I hate not knowing, I hate that he’s not here to talk this through with me, to hear my apologies and my reassurances, but I also hate that I’m dealing with mate drama while I’ve got less than twenty–four hours now or thereabouts. top of a mountain so that I can keep my place at Alpha Academy. 
I mean, could there have been a worse moment to admit the truth to my mate? 
“God, I have such shit timing,” I mutter to myself. 
to get to the 
My wolf lays down in my soul, stretching out her long, sorry nose, burying it under my mental hand, wanting to show me love at the same moment that she begs for a little. attention. I turn towards her, giving her a little scratch, marveling again at the softness of 
her fur. 
It will be okay, she assures me, her eyes wide and limpid and sad. No matter what happens… it will be okay. 
I hope so, I say, smoothing her fur back lovingly. She lets her eyes drift shut, holding on to the hope for both of us. 
But she sits up at the same moment I do at the sound of footsteps pounding back towards
1. us. 
My breath hitches because… 
I mean, is it Jackson? Coming back? 
Or…I mean, we weren’t precisely quiet, were we? 
Despite our earlier decision to be stealthy and quiet, to hide up here all night and sneak 
back out at dawn we just por into a shouting match that other nennle were bound to notice. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 94 
*.D95% 15:44 
So….could it be someone else? Could it be someone coming…coming to hurt me? 
Anxious, I spin, looking for my crossbow. I reach for it, snatching it up into my left hand. my right working anxiously at the quarrel, wanting to get it loaded before whoever is approaching actually gets here. 
But it’s too late – I’m not fast enough. 
And when I look up, and see who it is, the crossbow falls from my hands anyway. 
Because those shoulders, that height, that steady stride sleep, in my dreams. 
–
I’d recognize it anywhere. In my 
Anywhere. 
My breath hitches as Jackson stalks across the little plateau towards me, his face stern. 
“Jacks,” I murmur, taking a step back, but there’s no time for anything else.. 
Suddenly, he’s there, in front of me, and he doesn’t even pause his as he dips low, one arm going around my waist while the other hand wraps around the back of my thigh, lifting me suddenly and steadily up against him as he continues forward until my back is pressed against the wall of the cliff behind me. 
And then, before I even realize what’s happening, Jackson is kissing me. 
My physical reaction to Jackson is immediate, and visceral, and vivid. I cling to him, my legs wrapping instinctually around his waist as he moves his lips against mine, bidding my mouth open, dipping his tongue inside to lick me, to taste me. 
I’m completely frantic both with shock and the immediacy of wanting him. My hands seem like they move everywhere at once as I gasp against him, my eyes pressed shut. My fingers are in his hair, and then down his neck and his back as his hand untucks my shirt, pulling it out of my pants like it was stupid that it was ever in there in the first place. And then hist palm is flat against the skin of my back and it makes me tilt my head back with a deep moan. God, Jackson’s skin against mine, suddenly it’s all all that I want. 
Jackson takes immediate advantage of my bared throat, dragging his mouth down the length of it, taking a long, slow breath of my scent as he goes. He drags his canines across 
Chapiti T
my skin when his mouth gets to my shoulder, pressing his teeth delicately against the tendons there in a way that makes me shudder, hard. 
God, fuck, but I want him – immediately I want him. I pull my head back up and use my hands to lift his face, putting my thumbs beneath his heavy jaw and moving his mouth back to mine. Jackson immediately complies, kissing me fervidly, with utter abandon – taking my mouth with his, tasting me however he wants to. And every inch of me responds, pressing him closer, wrapping myself tighter around him.
###Chapter 95
Chapter 95 
I’m panting, gasping really as Jackson presses me flat against the wall of rock, both of his hands under my shirt now, his palms a damn song against my skin as they press up over my ribs, as they move slow over my flesh like they’re trying to ensure that I’m here, that I’m 
real. 
And suddenly, quite suddenly, I realize that I do not at all want to be wearing this shirt anymore. That I don’t want to be wearing anything that all I want in the entire world 
No, not want need- 
– 
– 
– 
Is to have my skin bare against Jackson’s flush, with nothing in between, not even air nothing but sweat- 
Jackson groans, though, and turns his face away, ripping his mouth from mine. 
“What?” I breathe, my voice trembling as my hands again go to his cheeks, trying to turn his face back to me, wanting his mouth back right where it was. God, his mouth, those lips. “Jackson, please 
I’m begging, but I don’t fucking care. God, I want him. 
I want him…bad.
But Jackson just presses his mouth into a thin line and holds his eyes shut. “I…I think we need to st 
Ari,” he murmurs, his head moving once, sharply, from side to side. 
“What?” I gasp, baffled. “Why?” 
“Because,” he growls, and I go rigid when he turns his blue eyes to mine, when I see the powerful want behind his gaze. “Because if we don’t stop now, I am going to….throw you down in this dirt, Ari, and I am not going to be able to stop.” 
My breath hitches in my chest and then stops completely as I consider that… 
Well. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 95 
That that’s maybe not such a bad idea. 
095% 15:45 
 
But then, slowly, as Jackson stares at me, patiently waiting for me to catch up with him, I remember where we are. And what we’re trying to do. And the fact that there are people below us who will probably try to kill or maim us if they find out we’re here. And that tomorrow we have to climb a ravine and then a mountain. 
So. 
This is probably not the right time to let my mate throw me to the ground and ravish me.
As I stare at him, putting all the pieces together, I can’t help the furious scowl that forms on my lips. 
Jackson’s face breaks into a slow grin as he raises a hand, tracing the shape of my lips with his thumb. “Perfect,” he murmurs, shaking his head as he stares at my mouth like he can’t 
believe it. 
He leans forward again, pressing a kiss to my lips, ridiculously soft considering the we both just tore into each other. 
way 
that 
But my body responds again, beyond me or despite me or just…expressing precisely how I feel. And I lean into the kiss, moving my mouth slowly over his, holding him close to me and never, ever wanting to let him go. 
Jackson, again the responsible party here I am doing absolutely nothing to help, I’m well aware again breaks our kiss with a groan, shaking his head. 
– 
“Fine,” I sigh, tilting my head back and giving him a half–hearted shove on the shoulder. “Let me down, then, you big gigantic brute.” 
Jackson just laughs but keeps me in his arms as he pulls me away from the wall, folding hist legs beneath him and sinking gracefully to the ground with me still in his arms, tucking ust away beneath the little overhang of rock. It’s dark, but in the moonlight I can still make out his features, his expressions. Suddenly, ridiculously, I bless the goddess that it’s a clear night.
And then I grin, looking up at the moon, realizing that…well, that that’s her. And she did. this. And so of course my grandmother has given me a clear night so that I can look on my 
mergency calls onlyHO O D 6 
Chapter 95 
.095% 15:45 
mate’s face. My smile broadens and 1 send her a quick prayer of thanks because. 
Well, because I really like my mate. She picked well. 
“Are you okay?” Jackson asks, drawing my attention back to him. 
“What?” I ask, confused. 
“L. um – I’m sorry, for like, slamming you up against the rocks.” He grimaces at me a little. “I got carried away. 
“Jacks,” I say, laughing and shaking my head, “I’m fine, I…” I hesitate for a second, biting my lip. “I liked it.” 
My mate, bless him, blushes just a little but then clears his throat, I think wondering where to begin. 
I raise my hands to his cheeks, cupping his face between my palms. “Jackson, are you all right? I – I’m so, so sorry.” 
“I’m okay,” he says, nodding, his voice choked. “I’m sorry I stormed out of here I was… really freaked out.” 
“Are you still freaked out?” I whisper.
“Oh. for sure,” he says, his eyes widening as he lifts them to mine. And I can’t help it, I burst into laughter. He takes a second and then he laughs too, but his arms wind around me, holding me tighter and I think…well, I think everything’s going to be okay. “Ari, this is absolutely insane I mean…I was….” he scowls, hanging his head for a second, “I was completely convinced you were a boy.” 
– 
He lifts his head and narrows his eyes at me for a second, sniffing the air, as if he still kind. of suspects that I am. 
I burst out laughing, giving him another shove. “I’m a girl, I promise, see?” And then I raise my hands to my head, making quick work of my braid, letting my hair fall down around my shoulders. 
Jackson groans again, taking a second to dip his head close to my hair, taking a deep breath 
Emergency calls only pe 
Chapter 95 
* .095% 
15.45 
of my scent before he slowly raises his eyes to meet mine again, though his are half–lidded now. “Boys can have long hair too,” he murmurs, sounding a little drunk. 
“Do you require further proof, sir?” I ask, sitting up straight, half scandalized and half well. Tempted. 
“No,” he murmurs, ducking his head against me again and pulling me back against his chest, making me smile ridiculously with joy. “No, just…stay here, please. Right here. Don’t ever leave.”
“Have to leave at some point,” I murmur, running my fingers through his dark hair, which is silkier than I thought it would be. “Kind of…a big day tomorrow.” 
“I know,” he groans. He lifts his head again, blinking at me, lifting a hand to tuck my hair behind my ear. “Stupid sun. Now would be a great time to blow it up or melt it, you know,” he says, making me laugh again. “Make sure tomorrow never comes and we can just…stay right here.” 
“Really?” I whisper, still smiling at him. “You want to spend the rest of our lives sitting in the dirt under this rocky overhang?” 
“Yes,” he replies, instant, leaning forward to brush his nose against my cheek, dragging it back towards my ear and then down my neck. “Right here, for the rest of time. That would be perfect.” 
And I bite my lip at the sweetness of him, but even as I do I realize that he’s…he’s kind of right. Right here it is just us in our own little world. But tomorrow, if and when we do get back? There is…a whole lot of truth waiting. 
And, for me…another mate. 
Another mate who is not going to be pleased when I show up on the mountain top smelling all over of Jackson McClintock. 
But still, as I wrap my arms tighter around Jackson’s neck, I realize that in this moment? I… just can’t bring myself to care. 
My mate, I think sensing my joy and my 
against my neck to look at me. Slowly, ale at once, lifts his head from its place tucked 
takes over his lips.
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 95 
“What is it?” I whisper, grinning at him, unable to help it. 
第三团94% 
15:45 
Jackson just shakes his head at me, marveling. “I just can’t believe you’re real,” he whispers, and my heart breaks and heals and breaks again, all in an instant. “I’ve been…thinking about you my whole life.” 
“Me too, Jacks,” I whisper, pressing my hand warm to his cheek, my stomach filled with butterflies because, honestly, it’s not a lie. “I’ve been waiting for you too.” 
He kisses me then slow, and rich, and deep. 
And if that were my magical gift, to blow up the sun and prevent tomorrow coming, or stopping time right now and live in this moment forever? 
Honestly, I’d probably do it. 
Because this and Jacks… 
It’s just…perfect.
###Chapter 96
Chapter 96 
But of course, time does pass, and we do eventually stop kissing when things again get heated. Because what Jackson said before really was the truth this is not the time or the place for it. 
– 
Somehow we separate ourselves from each other, though we’re never really more than an inch apart, and we take a moment to get comfortable, organizing our supplies and taking inventory before Jackson passes an apple to me. 
“Here,” he murmurs. “Eat, please. And then you should probably get some sleep.” 
I take the apple but laugh at the suggestion that I’m going to get any sleep. I mean, I just confessed my deepest secret to my mate what, does he think I’m going to just curl up and take a nap? 
– 
“I’m serious,” he growls, though I wave a hand at him, dismissing the implied danger in his voice that probably makes other men quail. We’re both well aware that he’d never hurt me. “You should rest, Ari.” 
“Well, so should you!” I protest. But when I look up into his smirking face I scowl, shaking my head. “You seriously just don’t need it?” 
“Nah,” he says, shaking his head and reaching for the canteen. “The water I need, we have to share that. But food and sleep that’s all for you. I’ll keep watch.” 
–
“I’ll rest,” I say, hesitant. “But Jackson….there’s still a lot we need to talk about. And I’m not going to be able to sleep until we…come to terms with some stuff.” 
“Okay,” he murmurs, wrapping an arm around me and pulling me tight to his side. I smile up at him, pleased that he’s not fighting me on it, but then I realize that he’s….well, he’s got a ton of questions, doesn’t he? 
But before he gets to those…I have to start. 
“Jackson,” I murmur, turning more fully to him now and taking his face seriously in my hands, gazing at him. “I am so…so sorry that I’ve had to keep this from you.” 
Emergency calls onlyDOOM & 
Chapter 96 
094% 1545 
“It’s okay,” he says, instantly willing to forgive, his broad hand coming up and wrapping around my wrist like he wants to be touching me all the time. 
A little smile takes my lips as I shake m easily, Jacks. You were tortured by this 
head back and forth. “You shouldn’t forgive me so I know you were.” 
“Well, yeah,” he says, the corner of his mouth turning up in a smirk. “But now that it all makes sense – why I could catch whiffs of my mate’s sense all over the castle, why her trail always seemed to lead to you. I mean, I get it now.” He frowns a little, lowering his head to my neck and taking another long sniff. “Is that..Jesse? Has he been scent marking you?”
Quickly I nod. “My cousin,” I whisper, seeing the possessive question already in his eyes. Slowly he nods, believing me. “Again, Jacks, I hope you can forgive me for it, over time. It wasn’t easy but…I didn’t have a lot of choice, not if I wanted to stay in the Academy.” 
“No, it’s okay,” he says, giving an easy shrug, already over it. “I don’t care. I didn’t mind waiting, Ari – I just wanted to know that you were safe.” 
“You should care,” I say, smiling at him but still feeling a little guilty. Luca’s response in some ways made more sense he punished me, a little, and rightfully so. I lied to him for weeks. But Jacks he’s so instantly ready to move on. 
– 
“Nah,” Jackson replies, wrapping me up closer in his arms, pulling me cozily into his lap. again and against his chest as he presses a kiss to my hair. “It’s all worth it. I don’t want to make myself feel mad just because I should. I have you now, don’t I? It’s all that matters.” 
I find myself feeling quite touched, and a little overwhelmed, as I lean against his chest, tucking my head for a second beneath his chin, cozy and warm despite the chill in the night air. Because…maybe he should be mad. There is…there is more coming, after all, that he’s not going to be pleased about it’s actually not so simple as him having me now. 
– 
And if he just forgives me at every turn, even though none of it is my choice either, even if the Goddess herself gave us this path… 
Well, who is going to watch out for Jackson’s heart, in the trials to come? 
We are, my wolf growls, fierce.
And I set myself to the task, immediately agreeing. Jackson he’s big, and he’s powerful, 
– 
Emergency calls only be 
Chapter 96 
but he’s quite tender, beneath it all, isn’t he? And.. 
# 
094% 15:45 
As sad as it sounds, Jackson is a bit more desperate for love and affection than I’d like him to be. He’s willing to wipe away all the offenses against him, just to have me in his arms. 
God, he’s too good, to pure and sweet. I press my eyes shut, begging the Goddess for strength so that I can be as good to him as he deserves. 
“What?” Jackson murmurs, nudging me with his nose, and I realize that I’ve gone quite still and rigid in his arms. 
“Nothing,” I murmur, lifting my face to look into his. “Just…thinking about a thousand things.” 
“Well, don’t worry about them,” he says with a little frown, like it’s so easy to just not. I grin at him, laughing a little. “We’ll figure it all out. It will all turn right.” 
I smile at him, unable to stop myself as I reach up to stroke his hair, tucking it back behind his ear over and over again. “Jacks,” I murmur, as he looks down at me with such tenderness in his face, his expression. A tenderness that is…not totally unfamiliar, if I’m being honest because he has looked at me that way before, even if he thought I was a boy. “Did you really not know?”
His face bursts into a grin and I can feel him laughing all around me in his chest, in the way his arms shake. My smile widens and I find that I quite like being all wrapped up in him. “Ari, I definitely did not know. It was the shock of my life when you pulled your shirt. up and I saw you had a girl body under your uniform.” 
“Really, though?” I ask, laughing outright now, shaking my head a little in disbelief. “Like. no hints before? No inklings nothing about my face, or my mannerisms? I was just…all boy to you?” 
– 
— 
“Ari,” Jackson sighs, shaking his head, growing a little more serious even as he smiles. “I have… absolutely no context for any of that. I don’t know any girls everyone I’ve met is a guy. So, if there are social cues that I’m supposed to pick up on to be able to tell that you’re a girl? I just don’t know them.” 
I tilt my head, considering him, remembering what Ben said about me reminding him of his sisters. “Ben says I laugh like a girl,” I blurt out, saying the words as I think them. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 96 
@94% 
15:45 
Jackson grins. “I like your laugh,” he murmurs. “So, if that’s how girls laugh, then…I guess f 
like that.” 
“Were you attracted to me?” 1 hear myself ask, curiosity getting the better of my mouth.
Jackson’s smile grows. “No.” he murmurs, shaking his head. 
1 squeak a little, sitting up straight, indignant. 
“I mean, I am now!” he says, laughing as he works to correct himself. 
“What, just because I show you my stomach and you realize I’m a girl suddenly you think I’m pretty!?”
###Chapter 97
Chapter 97 
“Well, kind of” he replies, laughing louder now, freer. “I mean, I just didn’t let my mind go there before. You were just another guy. A little shrimpy one who I liked hanging out with, and who I worried about sometimes. But..I didn’t think of you that way.” 
I narrow my eyes at him, leaning a little closer, inspecting his face for lies. “That’s not how attraction works, Jackson. You can’t just decide to turn it on and off.” 
He stares at me stoically for a long moment before his mouth twitches in the start of a 
smile. 
I 
gasp, pointing at his face. “You totally were!” I whisper, thrilled. “You were into the Shrimp! You had a crush on me!” 
He laughs, snatching my finger out of the air and wrapping his hand around mine even as he leans closer. “Fine, I thought…I thought you had a nice smile, okay?” 
I grin, leaning into him, making him say more. 
He groans, sighing and rolling his eyes. “And nice skin and…and pretty eyes. But! I thought you were my mate’s twin, okay? That was my best guess. So, I was just imagining what she looked like, which was probably a lot like…you?” His face twists up now, getting all muddled in the truth. 
I laugh with him, leaning back against him, pleased. “Well, I’m glad you didn’t find me totally repulsive.”
“Not totally,” he murmurs, lightly tracing his fingers down my arm and then around my back, settling me cozily against him again. “What about you?” he asks, his voice a little wicked. 
“Oh,” I sigh, leaning my head against him. “It was terrible.” 
“What?!” He’s laughing now. 
“Rafe had to drag me back to the room all the time,” I say, looking up at him, a little embarrassed. “Told me I wasn’t allowed to moon after you in the hallways –” 
Emergency calls only> 0 □ & 
Chapter 97 
8094% 
15:46 
“What!?” Jackson repeats himself, I think shocked, but laughs harder. 
“It was very embarrassing, Jacks! My stupid wolf always telling me to do ridiculous things, like just leap on you in the hallway when we’d see you between classes, or steal your shirt and hide it under my pillow, god 
He’s shaking with his laughter now and I can’t help it, I join in with him, delighted as I look up into his face to see him looking so….. 
Well, so happy. My serious mate, who sometimes looks like he’s never had a happy day in his life, laughing like that. God, but it does wonders for my heart. 
When his laughter fades his turns his head back down to me, his eyes shining. “Well, I’m glad I didn’t disappoint. That your wolf,” he presses a finger against my chest, where I suppose he imagines she
lives, “likes me, at least.” 
She preens inside of me, happy to be addressed and acknowledged directly. “Oh, she’s a big fan,” I sigh, looking down at his finger and smiling. But then I turn my face back up to his, returning to the question at hand. “Jacks,” I say quietly, and he turns his face to mine, more serious now but nodding to invite the question he can hear in my voice. “Why…why were. you so shocked to find out I was a girl? Why don’t you know any of the cues?” 
Jackson releases a long sigh and drops his eyes from mine. 
My heart drops along with his gaze, and I worry that I’ve said too much, or the wrong thing 
“No,” he murmurs, reaching out and taking my hand, wrapping it in his. “It’s fine – I want to tell you. It’s just…I have been taught, all my life, to keep it a secret. So, it takes a little bit of unlearning, you know? To muster up the courage and tell you everything.” 
I bite my lip, worried for different reasons now, and press myself against him, hoping to communicate my support, my genuine interest, my faith. He raises his face to mine with a small smile, and I give him mine in return. 
“Honestly, Ari, it’s probably better that I didn’t know you were a girl when we first met, really,” he murmurs, smirking a little, “or else I’d never have been able to talk to you. Not at 
all.” 
Emergency calls only NOOD & 
Chapter 97 
%94%
15:46 
I work hard to fight my grin, wanting to be serious, but his own smile brings mine forward. “I know,” I whisper, nodding. “I saw you with Daphne.” 
“Oh my god,” he mutters, taking a deep breath before slowly releasing it. “I thought my heart was going to pound through my chest when she came in.” 
“Why?” I ask, laughing. “Daphne is really nice 
“Because she’s a girl – it’s like meeting–I don’t know, a gigantic whale, or a unicorn or something. Even if you know it’s nice you still don’t know what to do what it’s going to do 
“We’re unicoms to you?” I squeak, pleased to death. 
He laughs, shaking his head. “Almost nearly as mythical,” he murmurs. To me, at least.” 
I narrow my eyes a little, suddenly struck by something. “That was one hell of a kiss, Jackson,” I say, tilting my head and wrapping a hand in the fabric of his shirt, possessive, “if it was your first one.” 
His mouth twists a little and he looks away for a second. “Well, no, he murmurs and I gasp a little at the drama of it all. “I knew…I knew one girl. For a little bit.” 
My eyes go wide and a thousand questions are instantly on my lips, but they all fall away when he turns back to me. 
“Please, he murmurs, shaking his head, his eyes a little sad. “I…I will tell you about her okay? Just… not right now. Not when I’ve just found you, and…there’s so much else to explain first. 
I nod, agreeing to it, though my hands tighten their grip on his shirt. I find that I do not like, at all, the idea of this singular other girl. It is somehow, bizarrely, worse than Luca’s fifty anonymous women.
So, I let him move on from it, because I’m….honestly not sure I want to know. At least, as he says, not right now. 
“The world I grew up in,” Jackson begins, his voice soft and hesitating, “well, we called it the Community. It’s way, way up North, in the mountains. It’s really pretty there, honestly, Ari. 
Emergency calls only 1 0 0 ¤ à 
Chapter 97 
Like… much prettier than here” 
094% 
15:46 
I smile a little, cozying up against him, settling in to listen and pleased that he grew up somewhere beautiful. But I don’t say anything, wanting him to talk. 
“But, um…” he hesitates again, “we do things…really differently. Like, for instance, I grew up with boys. And only boys. The girls were…kept elsewhere.” 
“Kept?” I murmur, confused. 
“Yeah,” he replies, and I can feel him nod. “We grew up in barracks – which is why, I think, it was easy for me to fall into life here, I’m kind of used to it. Except you all talk a lot like constantly, Ari, everyone is always chatting most of the time about nothing –” 
“Jackson,” I murmur, lifting my head to look into his face, frowning, “what do you mean grew up? Like, from how young?”
He pauses his harangue against chattiness and goes a little still before he shrugs. “Since I can remember. That was my home.” 
I frown, not understanding, and then I remember suddenly something that he said last night… 
God, was that just last night, when Daphne came over and Jackson mentioned that he… 
“Jackson,” I murmur, shaking my head, “where were your parents? Were they there too?” 
“No,” he replies, his eyes suddenly wary as he confesses what, I think, is part of the great secret of his life. “I don’t…I don’t have parents. Or, I mean, obviously biologically I do, but…I was raised apart from them. We all were. If I ever met them,” he shrugs, “I didn’t know who they were. And they probably wouldn’t have known I was theirs.” 
My mouth falls open in shock and horror as I stare at my mate. 
Because what…what the hell!?
###Chapter 98
Chapter 98 
Jackson works hard for a smile when he sees my reaction to my story, though he kind of fails at it. “I take it,” he murmurs, “that you have parents? And you like them?” 
“Well, yeah, Jacks!” I reply, staring wide–eyed into his face. “They’re kind of great!” 
Jackson laughs a little, tightening his arms around me. “Well, if you don’t know that parents are a thing, you don’t really notice them missing, do you?” 
I tilt my head, considering this, as Jackson goes on with his story, telling me about being a little boy growing up in a Community and sleeping in what was essentially a bunkhouse full of little boys just like him. The youngest babies, he knew, were raised in a nursery, and every year a new batch of boys was brought to the bunk house when they were very young. 
And from that young age, they were trained to fight. 
“Just every morning,” Jackson murmurs, his face distant as he remembers, “we’d troop out of the bunkhouse and get to work running, learning to fight, sparring with each other.” He shrugs. “It wasn’t so bad. As we got older, the guys who weren’t as good at it they stopped. coming to practice and I’d see them out in the fields and stuff, or training for a new job. But, I mean, I was…good at it. So. I just kept going.” 
– 
“You could see them?” I ask, trying to picture this world. “But not…talk to them?” 
“The bunk house was for men and boys in warrior training,” Jackson explains, turning his face back to me. “If you were sorted out of that, you…moved to another bunk house, I guess. I could see our little
community- the main part of it, with the council house, and the mess hall. And the women’s barracks, too.” 
My eyebrows raise at this but I press my lips together, wanting him to tell the story any way he wants to. He notices, though, and smiles. 
“Yeah, the women lived all together too. And we could see them, from where we lived on top of the hill.” 
“But weren’t you curious?” I breathe, fascinated. 
“Of course we were,” he laughs, smiling at me. “Especially as we grew older and noticed them more. In a different way. But you have to understand it was forbidden. We were taught our roles very, very well, and we were never, ever supposed to talk to anyone in town, especially the women.” 
I shake my 
head, baffled by it, and especially by the fact that these kinds of attitudes towards gendered difference and communal living exist within my own nation. It sounds, like anything, more Atalaxian than native to Moon Valley. 
But, honestly, who the hell am I to judge? Just because Jackson grew up differently than me…does that honestly make it worse? 
“Were you happy there, Jackson?” I ask, my voice worried. Because while I desperately want him to have been…I just don’t see how a little boy could be, growing up in a world with that much restriction. 
He takes a long moment before he answers. “No,” he whispers, shaking his shaggy head, and I raise my hands to his face, stroking his cheeks with my thumbs and murmuring soft nothings. “But you have to understand…I didn’t know anything else. I didn’t even know I was unhappy for…for a long time. I
thought that was just…life. I thought everyone lived like that, and that everything was hard, and…a little sad.” 
“Did you have any friends?” 
– 
“Of course I had friends,” he replies, smiling at me. “They still live there Cristof and Zachary. I spent pretty much every day of my life with them until I left. They were…well, they were the best part.” 
“Why did you leave?” I ask, fascinated. Honestly, I could listen to Jackson talk for days about this world and he probably has enough information to fill those days. 
– 
“Because I was assigned to,” he answers instantly, perfectly honest. “I was sent… um…” he hesitates now, glancing away, and I can see that he’s suddenly measuring his loyalty to the Community against his new loyalty to me, his mate. 
I wait, trying to be patient, letting him decide what to tell. 
“I was….sent to learn things,” he murmurs, hanging his head a little. “New fighting techniques, new technologies. And then, when I’ve decided that I learned enough, I’m 
supposed to….desert. To go back and teach the Community what I learned.” 
I tense in his arms, my hands again taking fistfuls of his shirt, suddenly terrified by the idea that he’s going to leave and go back to that…that place.
But Jackson just laughs and shakes his head. “Don’t worry,” he murmurs, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to first one of my cheeks, and then the other. “I already decided that I’m not going back.” 
“Oh,” I say, surprised, even as the tension lessens in my shocked muscles. “Why not?” 
“Because,” he murmurs, “I learned….enough, in the few months that I lived in Capital, to understand that what they’re doing is…well, I mean, it’s a cult, right? They control people, give them no choice in their lives. They…take their children away.” 
– 
He sighs, shaking his head, and I press myself closer against him, wanting to fix it all – heal it all, instantly. 
“I mean, I don’t know…anything about having a family,” he murmurs, raising his eyes to mine. “But I do know that if I had found you, somehow, when I lived there? They…they wouldn’t have let me keep you wouldn’t even have let me see you. And there’s something wrong about that, Ari wrong about all of it. It’s not right I can’t go back. I can never go 
back.” 
My eyes fill with tears as I study his face, as I see that his own heart is broken with the realization. And I’m overwhelmed, suddenly, with the strength it must have taken to come to that decision 
To decide to leave, forever, the world in which you were raised? Everyone you’ve ever loved, no matter how badly they’ve treated you? 
God, my mate, he’s…he’s so much stronger than me. So much stronger than I’ll ever be.
“You can have a home here now, Jacks,” I say, speaking fast and earnest, pressing a desperate hand to his cheek. “We’ll be really nice to you everyone will! And you can have my mom 
– 
she’ll take care of you, she loves being a mom –” 
Jackson just laughs, his eyes crinkling as he turns his head to the side and presses a kiss to my palm. “You’re my home now, mate,” he murmurs, the words simple and true. 
And I can’t help it. I sit up, and wind my arms around his neck, and hold my mate tight to me as he wraps his arms around my back, pressing me to his chest like he’ll never let me go. 
“Damn right I’m your home,” I growl, possessive, ready to rip into anyone who’d try to say otherwise. He laughs, I think pleased by the ferocity of his little mate. I pull away then. looking into his eyes, willing him to see it and believe it. “You stay with me now, yeah?” 
“Nowhere else I’d rather be,” he replies, the corners of his mouth turning up as he raises a hand, stroking it down the length of my hair, letting his fingers get tangled in the rose–gold lengths of it. 
And I can’t help it, then. Even though we’re supposed to be talking, even though there’s so much more I want to know, I kiss Jackson, wanting him to feel the promise in my words as well as hear it. Because he’s mine now, and I’m not letting him go, not for anything. 
And as my mate kisses me back, I feel it happen – feel our perfect silver bond snap into place between us. 
I can feel it, in my soul, shining just as pretty and bright as my other bond, that points…. oddly in the other direction. 
Towards Luca, wherever he is, out there in the night.
While I’m wrapped up here, in Jackson’s arms.
###Chapter 99
Chapter 99 
I worry about myself, a little, just passively, as Jackson kisses me. Because something about the way that his mouth moves against mine makes me…just…really, really stupid. 
– 
Honestly, all logic is gone from my head all thoughts, all sense, all practicality. 
It’s almost like all of my wolf’s crazy impulses which I usually think are so ridiculous come to the forefront, and they all make a great deal of sense. Because the only thing I want to do right now is strip off my clothing, and climb on top of him, and let him do whatever the hell he wants to my body – just take…complete control. 
I am all instinct and impulse now as I lose myself in Jackson, as he bends me backwards, slightly, in his arms, levering his body over mine even as he holds me tight, dominating me and demonstrating in the same moment how incredibly precious I am to him. 
His hand moves slowly down my side as his tongue dips into my mouth, and my hips rise up against him, seeking friction, wanting to be touched as his hand moves lower to take a firm grip on my ass. I moan, deep and shuddering, as Jackson presses me tighter against him and then lets his hand dip further in, his fingers just barely tracing the hot core of me through the fabric of my cadet uniform. 
My head falls back on my neck at this touch, a panting gasp escaping my lips. 
“Fuck, Ari,” Jackson growls, tucking his face against my neck and then pressing his cheek to my chest. But he moves his hand away, back to my ass and then slipping down my thigh to tuck safely behind my knee. 
I lift my head, confused, foggy. I frown to see Jackson’s frustrated expression, his clenched teeth.
Slowly he shakes his head at me as I blink at him, coming back to myself. 
And then I laugh, covering my face with my hands, groaning a little as I do because I can sense his emotions now, sense just how much he wants to continue precisely what we were doing just a few seconds ago. 
But…he’s right. We can’t do any of that right now. Nothing has changed. 
Emergency calls only O Om ? 
Chapter 99 
094% 
15:47 
And we have we have got to find some semblance of self–control and resist getting lost in each other. This is the Examination, after all. 
“You should sleep,” he murmurs, working to clear his throat. 
I laugh at the idea, rolling my eyes even as I sit up in his lap and tuck my hair back from my face, pretending to ignore the hard, thick length of him that’s now pressed against my ass. [ do my very, very best to resist the urge to press myself more firmly against that length. 
And I…fail. Just a little bit. 
Jackson groans, suddenly grabbing me beneath the arms and lifting me bodily out of his lap, placing me gently beside him as if I’m as light as a kitten. I burst out laughing as he leans away from me. 
“I cannot be the only responsible party here, Ari,” Jackson growls, glaring at me even as I can see the joy on his face, the temptation in his eyes. “You have got to help me out here.”
“But I don’t want to,” I murmur, leaning closer to him again, reaching to wrap my hand. around the back of his neck, wanting his mouth back on mine 
But Jackson just laughs, deep and rueful, pulling away and then getting to his feet, shaking himself from head to toe like the wolf he is. “I am…going to take a very small walk,” he murmurs, turning away from me. “And when I come back, we are going to behave ourselves, yes?” 
I grumble, discontent, even though I know he’s right. And then Jackson does precisely as he says – walking a little distance away into the woods with his hands on his hips. I smirk, my hearing straining a little to hear him giving himself a little pep talk about self–control, and then I lean over in our little space, reaching for an apple as my stomach growls. 
How can you think about eating, my wolf murmurs, sprawled out in my soul in a satisfied daze. We have to strategize think about how to get him naked. Do you think, if we accidentally spilled the water all over him, that he… 
But I smirk, shaking my head, knowing that I’m not going to ruin our only water source in what will be a vain attempt to get my mate naked. I bite into the apple with grim 
satisfaction, staring into the dark after him, wanting him back right now. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 99 
* 194% 10 15:47 
He takes his time, though time that we both probably need. And as my body unwinds a little bit god, I hadn’t realize how tense he’d made me – I wonder at myself. 
–
I mean, sexually, I have been so shy with Laica- I’ve made him wait months to barely do more than kiss me in the dream state. 
And then here, after thirty minutes with Jackson, I’m ready to just…throw down in the dirt? Let him have all of me, just after a couple of kisses? 
A couple of really good kisses, my wolf counters, her eyes half shut and her tongue lolling from her mouth. I swat her little rump, correcting her, because Luca is one hell of a kisser 
too. 
So…what is different? 
Has Luca just done all the hard work and Jackson’s here to reap the benefits? A little guilt twists in me at the idea. 
Or, my wolf suggests, lifting her head a little, curious, maybe you just have…a more sexual connection with this mate. They don’t have to be the same. Luca brings his own particular set of appealing characteristics to the table. 
But as I consider that…well, that doesn’t quite fit either, does it? Because it’s not like Jackson’s just some piece of meat with no personality, and it’s not like Luca doesn’t get me going. 
They’re just….different. 
I sigh, taking another bite of my apple, studying it, confused but…well, letting myself be confused, I guess. 
Nobody I know has ever done this whole two–mate thing before, at least not that I know of. This is new territory for everyone involved, and I suppose I’m bound to feel this way.
Confusion wipes away, though, the moment Jackson walks quietly back onto our little plateau, apparently having gotten control of myself. 
Unfortunately, my confusion is replaced by an immediate and undeniable sense of lust. God, has he seen himself? Does he know how insanely hot he is when he just…walks? The 
Спартет на 
way 
his shoulders shift, the grace with which he moves 
“Ari,” Jackson moans, stopping a few feet from me and dragging his hand down the length of his face. “You have…you have got to stop doing that.” 
I burst out laughing, suddenly terribly embarrassed, because I just sent every one of those emotions right down the bond, didn’t I? 
“Okay, okay,” I say, turning suddenly so that my back is to him now. “Here, this is better, I can’t see you anymore-” 
He laughs, coming to sit next to me again. “We have to be able to look at each other- 
“No, we don’t!” I squeak, turning away again as he tries to peer at my face, leaning my shoulders back against him and facing the stone wall at the back of the tiny plateau. “I’ll just…stare at these rocks. And pretend that you’re….very, very ugly.” 
“Well, don’t tell yourself lies, Ari,” Jackson murmurs, wrapping an arm around me and tilting me back so that when I open my eyes I can see his gorgeous face again, just…a little upside down now. “Honesty with one’s self is really important –”
I burst out laughing, shaking my head and turning back to him, letting him wrap an arm around me as I press my cheek to his chest. “You are very handsome,” I murmur, nuzzling a little and working hard to scold my wolf when she urges me to climb back into his lap. 
“I know,” he murmurs, kissing the top of my head. “You’re so lucky to be mated to such a looker, Ari, honestly- 
– 
I squeak in protest, whipping my head up at his vanity, but he’s ready for me, cupping my cheek in his broad palm and pressing a sweet, chaste kiss to my mouth. 
“Not as lucky as me, though,” he murmurs, shaking his head. “You’re the most precious. thing in the whole world. Do you know that?” 
Everything in me just…melts at the insane sweetness of my big, scary Alpha mate. And I smile at him, a little dazed. 
“Now, will you please try to sleep?” he pleads, stroking my cheekbone with his thumb. 
4/5 
Chapter 99 
“How can I sleep?” I ask, shaking my head at him, baffled at the thought, “when I just got you?” 
“I’ll just be really boring.” he murmurs with a shrug, making me grin. 
“Impossible,” I say, but I lower my head to his chest, wanting to please him and, honestly, feeling a little weak and tired after the insane day I’ve had, however short.
hair “Oh, very possible,” he replies, his voice soft and easy as he strokes his hand over my again and again, comforting and steady. “If you want. I’ll recount the hundreds of ancient battles they made us memorize for warrior track – that should put you out 
I groan, shuddering at the prospect, which makes him huff a little laugh. 
“Fine,” he sighs, continuing to pet me, his hand drifting over my shoulders, too, when it reaches the ends of my hair. “Let’s just sit here and…be quiet.” 
“You’ll wake me?” I whisper, feeling my eyes drift shut despite myself. “The moment the sun comes up?” 
“I will,” he promises. “The moment there’s light to see by, Ari. I’ll wake you. We have a lot to do tomorrow. We need an early start.” 
And so I shut my eyes, letting myself rest a little, trusting my mate to keep me warm and safe through the short hours left in the night.
###Chapter 100
Chapter 100 
It takes me a long time to fall asleep, overwhelmed as I am by my new bond, the closeness of my mate, the secrets that we’ve passed between us that still ring through my mind. But as the minutes pass I feel my eyelids getting heavier and heavier, encouraged by the steady movement of Jackson’s hand over my hair. 
When I do finally fall asleep, my head pillowed against Jackso sleep of one who feels both weary and completely safe. 
chest, it’s the deep, true 
I sleep so deeply that when my eyelids flutter open in the morning, I have…no idea where I am. Even though I am…completely comfortable. 
I frown, not understanding, and curl into the warmth of what I assume is my mattress, though it’s a little…firmer than I remember? I’m not sure. 
There’s a light chuckle, though, that makes me look up, and my frown deepens as I stare into Jackson’s face before I realize that… 
“Oh!” I murmur, sitting up a little. He smiles at me, his hand pressing into my back, encouraging me to lean my head back down against his chest. 
“It’s okay,” he murmurs, “take a second to wake up. There’s time.” 
I lay my head back down against him, blushing a little as I realize that what I assumed was my mattress is just his body that I’m curled up in his lap, kind of sprawled over his torso, my face tucked against his pectoral –
God, is he really that big, that I can basically use his body as a bed? 
Or am I just that small? 
I peer up at him again, more awake now, taking a deep breath and raising a hand to rub at 
my eye. 
Slowly, a smile overtakes his mouth. 
“What?” I mutter, shaking my head a little to clear it, a smile pulling at my lips as well 
Emergency calls only (m? 
Chapter 100 
094% 
15:47 
because…..well, because he’s just staring at me. And it’s kind of nice. 
“You’re just so pretty, he whispers, his voice a little awed as he traces his knuckles down the soft skin of my cheek. 
I can’t help it then I burst into a brilliant smile. 
Because my mate thinks I’m pretty. 
His own smile widens, matching mine, and I squeak with happiness, reaching up and winding my arms around Jackson’s neck, pulling him close and pressing probably a dozen kisses to his check and neck. “Morning,” I murmur, after the fourth or fifth.
He doesn’t respond, just puts a hand beneath my chin after a moment and tilts my face up to his, bringing his mouth to mine and kissing me like he’s been waiting for hours to do it, like he can’t wait for it anymore. 
And, obviously, I kiss him right back. 
– 
But we’re both more contained, now, in the light of the morning than we were last night. There was something freeing about the darkness about knowing that as long as it persisted, there was nothing we could do except explore each other. 
Now that there’s light by which we can see? 
We’re both aware that it’s time to move. 
“Um, so,” I say after Jackson breaks our kiss. I stay close, speaking softly as I run a hand. through his messy hair, tucking it back behind his ear, “I lied to you yesterday. I can shift.” 
“Really,” he says, his eyebrows going up, and I can tell that he’s pleased. “Little rose–colored wolf, by any chance?” 
“How did you know that?” I ask, my eyes going wide. 
“I think I met her,” he murmurs, his finger curling in a tendril of my hair, “a couple times. Dreaming.” 
I tilt 
my 
head for a second and then burst into a smile as the truth hits me. All those nights,
Emergency calls only be 
Chapter 100 
running along the cliffs with another wolf at my side- 
Wasn’t just a dream, was it? 
194% 
15.47 
But there’s no time to tend to that right now. “The only problem is,” I say, looking around the forest, “that my wolf is very obviously a girl wolf, and anyone who sees and smells me will figure it out.” 
“We’ll keep the plan the same, then,” Jackson says, starting to stand up and ridiculously bringing me with him, setting me on my feet only when he’s fully standing. “We’ll only shift if we run out of time, yeah?” 
“Do you think…” I bite my lip, looking up at him. “I mean, are we going to be too late?” 
“Nah,” Jackson says, turning to look north. “The only people who would have made it to the mountain and been able to climb it in the night would have been…well, the best of Warrior Track. So, maybe Jesse and Rafe. But still, I think there’s plenty of reason to assume that there’s time left for us to make it.” 
“So,” I say, smiling up at him and crossing my arms, “what you’re saying is….if I hadn’t been. weighting you down, you’d already be across the finish line?” 
Jackson grins at me, not denying it, but scooping me up in his arms instead and turning met in a slow circle as he presses one last kiss to my mouth. “You can slow me down anytime. you want, tiny.”
I bite my lip, grinning at him, and I nudge my nose with his before I kick and wriggle, begging to be put down. Jackson laughs, but he puts me back on his feet and we begin to assess our plan and our few possessions. We quickly share the water, though I insist Jackson drink the majority of it – I got some liquids out of the fruit, after all- and then I lift my crossbow, twisting my lips at it. 
“Do you think I need this?” I ask quietly. “If we’re going to rush, and climb…” 
– 
“Leave it,” he says, shrugging and making a snap decision as he likewise tosses his backpack into the brush. “We need to move fast now any extra weight is a detriment. Besides,” he bends over, scooping my discarded hat out of the dust where we left it last night and holding it out to me, “I’m your weapon now.” 
Emergency calls only (D6 
Chapter 100 
3.094% 15:47 
I snatch my hat from him, unable to keep the smile from my lips as I wind the majority of my hair onto my head and plop the hat over top of it. Because I quite like the idea of Jackson as my weapon. 
Jackson smirks, helping me tuck the last strands of my hair beneath the brim. “Where on earth did my mate go? Now there’s only her boyish twin, Ari Clark, marksman and chemical mastermind…” 
“Don’t forget powerful sorcerer,” I say, lofty, as we both turn away from the plateau, and start out in the blue light of the morning. 
“Oh, how could I forget,” he murmurs behind me, “melter of very tiny pieces of glass…such raw power…”
I laugh, shooting a little glare over my shoulder, but I focus on my steps on the narrow path ahead of me, which is barely a path and more of a lucky outcropping of rock. I marvel again at Jackson’s sense of balance, as well as the fact that he found this in the dark. 
When we get to the bottom of the cliff face, a little forest stretches out in front of us, beyond which I know is the bridge surrounded by cadets. I wonder, passively, whether those guarding it have crossed already? Or they’re still biding their time, hoping to take out more of their “enemies” before they shift and make their run for the mountain? 
“I’m going to go check,” Jackson says, looking forward through the woods. “You wait here.” 
“Okay.” I say, turning towards the forest. 
47_ 
“Here,” Jackson says, frowning and grabbing my arm. “Wait here, Ari.” 
“Um, I don’t know if not going to the bathroom is part of your supernatural prowess, McClintock?” I say, looking a little awkwardly up at my mate. “But it is…not part of mine.” 
He stares at me for a second before laughing, shaking his head. Then he stills, looking around into the forest around us, clearly casting out his hearing to see if anyone is close by. “Yeah, okay. Whatever. Just…don’t go far, and return right here, yeah?” 
I nod, ready to obey, trusting his senses more than my own. 
He stoops closer, pressing a kiss to my mouth, and then as silently as a forest animal 
4/6 
Emergency calls only D
Chapter 100 
8.94% 15:47 
|| 
himself Jackson moves through the trees, heading for the edge of the forest so he can better see the bridge. 
– 
I wait until I can’t see him anymore before I move a few trees away, ducking behind a particularly big one and relieving myself in a hurry, silently cursing men – or maybe just men’s fashion for making this so much easier for men to do than women. But I finish up pretty quickly, quietly mourning the lack of toilet paper, before refastening my pants and heading back to the little spot where Jackson left me. 
I grin as I see a black–clad form coming through the trees. 
“That was fast,” I say quietly, smiling, my head dipping so that I don’t trip over any roots. 
“Oh, did you miss me?” 
I freeze and my head flies up as I recognize that voice. 
A dark, sour voice and certainly not my mate’s. 
My eyes focus instantly on Alan Wrights, on the ugly sneer on his face. “Because I certainly didn’t miss you.” 
I stumble backwards, frantic, seeking a way out- 
But as he raises his hand, and I see my crossbow held steady there.
And I know that…this is the end. 
I open my mouth and scream even before Wright’s finger tightens on the trigger – 
Even before the bolt flies from the crossbow, lodging itself deep in my thigh.
###Chapter 101
Chapter 101 
1 
My scream only intensifies, combining with my moan of pain as I grab my leg and fall to the forest floor. I’m panting with agony as I lay in the dirt and the leaves, my eyes pressed shut for a moment before I glance down at my leg, my hands quickly coating in my own blood as they go directly to the wound 
Trying to do something, to end the pain, to apply pressure, something – 
But there’s nothing – god, I think the bolt hit bone, I think it cracked it 
I’m still moaning horribly when a shadow falls over me, and I look frantically up to see Wright standing above me, drawing back the crossbow’s string, that ugly sneer still on his face, though mixed with victory now. 
“You deserve this,” he snarls, glaring down at me. “Every inch of pain – laying in the dirt. finally recognizing your failure – you’re nothing but a dirty cheat –” 
“Please,” I beg, gasping for breath as he loads another bolt and raises the crossbow towards me. “Please, don’t –” 
“Save it,” he snaps, pointing the crossbow directly at me, and then without another word he pulls the trigger again, sending a bolt directly into my gut. 
The pain is…blinding this time. 
I scream again, but I must pass out from it 
Honestly, did I die? I might have died, a little bit
But when I open my eyes again, the forest is fuzzy above me, and there’s a dark form looming over me, shouting my name. 
I flinch away, screaming again, and a hand goes fast over my mouth before a hand slips under my head, cradling it. 
-Who did this to you!?” 
mergency calis only 14 ? ? ¤ à 
Chapter 101 
$.094% 
D 15:48 
1 blink, trying to clear my head as I recognize Jackson’s voice, but then I moan and let my head fall back- because the clearer my mind gets, the more I feel the pain. 
“Ari!” Jackson shouts, and suddenly he’s on the ground next to me, pulling me into his lap. “Ari, who did this!?” 
I almost scream again as the movement jostles my stomach, and my hand moves to the bolt of wood that’s protruding from my gut, that aches with every movement. 
“I’m sorry,” Jackson murmurs, and I blink again, trying to focus, trying to look up into his face. His voice – it’s so tight, so full of pain. Did he did he get shot too? But as my eyes focus on his face I see that his pain is all desperate agony for me. “Ari,” he murmurs, his hand shaking as he cups my cheek. “Who did it?” 
“Wright.” I murmur, shaking my head.
Jackson growls, his head snapping up, sniffing the air like he’d go after him right now, like he’ll tear him to shreds. 
“Jacks!” I gasp, shaking my head, my hands fisted in his shirt. Because I mean, if Wright’s not here anymore, then what’s the point? 
I don’t need – 
God, my head spins, the pain making everything dizzy – 
But I do know that I don’t need revenge right now. If by some miracle I’m going to survive, I need a healer. 
“Please,” I beg, shaking my head up at him. “Please, we have to get…out…” 
Jackson nods, his whole body trembling as he quickly assesses the situation, as he looks at the blood pouring from my leg and my stomach, as he glances over his left shoulder towards where the bridge likely is. 
“I’m going to get you out of this, Ari,” he whispers, his voice thick with his vow. “Okay? Just… you just hold on, yeah?” 
I nod, fervent, either believing him or…or not wanting him to believe that I’m going to die 
mergence calls only hQONG 
Chapter 101 
D94% 15.48 
Even as I feel my consciousness fading-
“Ari” Jackson snaps, and I blink, looking back up into his face as I realize that I almost passed out again. “Hey!” 
“Hey.” I reply, frowning a little, not understanding. 
Then, to my surprise, Jackson rips open the top button of my shirt and presses his hand flat to my chest. Then, he pushes. 
Not – not with his body, not with his hand. But with his….his magic. 
– 
I feel it, quite suddenly, filling me a great deal of energy, and strength, and a glowing, rich sort of power. I gasp, my eyes flying open, and then I bat his hand away suddenly feeling replete – like I can’t take anymore. 
It doesn’t do anything for the pain, but it sure as hell wakes me up. I stare up at him, confused, not getting it. 
“How’s your healing?” he asks, his voice sharper than it was before. “Your…your wolf healing. It’s good, yeah?” 
“Um.” I say, glancing down at myself, knowing that even though wolf healing is fast it’s not fast enough for this. “It’s…it’s good.” 
– 
“I’ll keep you going,” Jackson says, nodding sharply to me. “I’ll give you my magic, Ari as much of it as you can hold. I think I think with the connection between our magic, it will help speed your own magic, the healing included. And hopefully it will be enough to…”
He hesitates, not wanting to say it. 
But I know precisely what he means. Enough to keep me alive. 
And then, again to my shock, Jackson stands, pulling me up with him in his arms. I moan again, almost a scream, as he does. But he continues, staring down at me as I pant through. the pain, eventually opening my eyes to look up into him. “I’m getting you out, okay?” he whispers, his whole heart in his eyes. 
Emergency calls only ts QO 
Chapter 101 
#094% 
15:48 
And I can feel everything down the bond all his worry, all his grief that he just found me, that he could lose me so soon. But, above all, his sheer determination to make me live even if it means killing himself in the process. 
“Yeah, I reply, pathetically simple, nodding to him, letting him feel my faith. 
Because, despite the odds, I believe him. 
Jackson nods once, sharply, and then turns in the forest, striding off through the trees. He doesn’t bother, anymore, to be quiet, instead stomping and moving swiftly, letting everyone hear him come. 
And even as my mind passes from state to state, concentrating on the pain and then concentrating on the world, I see that this, actually, was precisely his plan.
By the time we get to the bridge, every single one of the cadets who was waiting there has turned to us, their eyes wide. I look around at all of them through half–lidded eyes, my arms curled around Jackson’s neck when did I do that? – as he holds me high against his chest. 
– 
By their shock and their awe, I can tell that the two of us make rather an impressive sight – or, at least, a terrible one. 
The gigantic Alpha, the strongest Cadet in the Academy, especially enraged like this, covered in blood, his tiny charge curled in his arms. 
“We’re crossing this bridge,” Jackson growls, his voice loud enough that he’s shouting even though his words hum with anger. As I glance up I can see Jackson’s canines sharpening to points, can feel his fingers lengthening to claws as he looks around at every single man standing there. “Does anyone want to stop me!?” 
Jackson roars his final words, glaring around at every single cadet, a challenge in every line 
of him. 
And, wisely, every single one of the cadets slowly backs away from the bridge. Because though in any normal moment an Alpha carried a wounded wolf would be a tempting target… 
Jackson McClintock in a killing rage, the lifeblood of his mate drinning it 
Emergency calls only & 
Chapter 101 
.094% 11 15:48
I mean, even if they don’t know I’m his mate… 
Nobody’s fucking with us right now. 
Jackson releases a final growl, glaring around. “Any of you who give any aid to Alan Wright,” he snarls, “even a kind word or a glance…you will answer to me, on the other side.” 
Nobody says anything, but they’d be fools not to take him seriously. 
And with that, Jackson strides across the bridge, not even looking back to see if anyone takes a shot from behind. 
Because none of them – none are that stupid. 
I whimper, slightly, when I feel Jackson’s footsteps transition from wood to dirt and grass. Because now that that is finished…the hard part, it’s coming now, isn’t it? 
And the pain 
God, fuck, I’d do anything to end it, the way it radiates through me… 
“Hold on,” Jackson murmurs, his voice breaking as he slips a hand beneath my still–loose shirt, apparently needing the skin–to–skin contact to pass his magic to me. It comes in a flood and my head tilts back 
head tilts back – because while it does nothing to stop the pain I…I do feel stronger, after the infusion. 
My eyes flutter open again as I look up into his face, and from the fear I see there I know I must be ghostly pale, looking as on the edge of death as I currently feel. 
“You hold on, okay?” he whispers, lifting me higher as he strides away from the bridge and towards the foot of the mountain before us. He presses a series of quick kisses to my
face. 
“You’ll hold on?” 
“I will,” I whisper, nodding to him, trying to steel myself for what’s to come, even though I know it’s impossible. 
“Okay,” he whispers, and then as my eyes shut I feel Jackson take a deep, deep breath. 
And then, he starts to run. 
5/6
###Chapter 102
Chapter 102
Chapter 102 
Time moves strangely after that, at once standing completely still in my agony and. somehow, passing so fast that I barely understand it when the sun reaches its zenith, and then passes beyond it, and then starts to sink towards the horizon. 
How how have hours past? 
God, how have I survived them? 
Though it all, Jackson and my pain have kept a steady pace. I do my best to curl myself against him, to make myself small and inconsequential, to not be a bother to this man who is running miles and miles across the countryside with me balanced in his arms. 
The pain is….god, it drives me a little insane, I think, gnawing at my stomach and my leg. I can feel the blood dripping from me, at once agonizing and, somehow, a balm against the raw flesh of my wounds. I think I pass out…a lot, but regular infusions of Jackson’s magic keeps bringing me back, filling me with energy, making my eyes flutter open. 
Always, always he’s glancing down into my face, checking to make sure that I’m okay 
But, I mean, we’re both aware that I’m not okay. 
But, somehow, I am alive. 
And, somehow, he…keeps running. 
— 
I’m vaguely aware, as the hours pass, that this part of the Examination was meant to be done in wolf form that he should have shifted by now and crossed this field at his top speed as his gigantic wolf. But even in his human body, carrying me? Frankly, Jackson’s faster than most cadet’s wolves. Only a few of them pass us, sending us side–long glances and not bothering to interrupt, knowing that Jackson would end them if they did. 
Jackson’s breath only starts to flag when I feel his pace change. I lift my head, curious despite my haze of pain, wondering desperately if we’re at the end 
If there will be a healer, here- 
Tergency calls only P 
Chapter 102 
* 94% 15:48 
Surely there has to be surely the Academy has medical staff waiting, knowing as they do that this is a violent Examination in which they’ve encouraged us to main each other, to get to the end. 
I scowl a little, my mind wandering strangely as I make a mental note to have a deep conversation with my father and my uncle about this particular aspect of Academy life. 
Because, quite frankly, I’m not sure I agree with these methods. 
But will I ever live to see them again, to have that conversation? 
Suddenly terrified, I sob, my hand clenching in Jackson’s shirt as I turn my face into him. I don’t have any tears, though all my liquids are probably depleted, after all, from all the blood dropping from me… 
“It’s all right,” Jackson murmurs, pulling me closer against his chest. “We’re almost there.” 
I pause, looking up at him, a little baffled. “Really?” I whisper, and I’m startled by the cracked sound of my own voice, the way my eyes struggle to focus on his beautiful face. 
“Well,” he grimaces, glancing upwards. “Well, no.” 
I groan, putting my head back against his chest. Not that it’s his fault – I just…god, I want it to end. All of it, the pain, the movement – 
I just want to sleep, curl up somewhere soft and comfortable. 
“Come on,” he says, shaking me a little, making me look back up at him, his voice cracking. in a way that breaks my heart. “Don’t give up on me now, Ari!” 
– 
I lift my head, forcing my eyes to focus, forcing my head to nod. But it’s all it’s all really hard, maybe too much. “Jacks,” I moan, shaking my head. 
“Don’t you do it,” he growls, his arms tightening around me. “I did not drag you for miles. across that field for you to give up now, Ari –” 
I laugh – a sad, croaked sound, half baffled and half tickled that he’s mad at me. But something about it brings me back to myself, a little bit more. “Okay,” I whisper, nodding my head seriously now. “I won’t give up.” 
2/5 
Emergency calls only 14 0 0 □ 8 
Chapter 102 
$94% 15:48 
“Good,” he mutters, a little mad, again pressing his hand to my back and giving me more of his power, his energy, his magic. I feel the difference instantly, the boost, but all it does is allow me to focus more on his grimace. “I need to to change positions, Ari,“ he murmurs. “I’m going to need both of my hands. 
“What?” I ask, confused. 
“Just don’t hate me, okay?” He stares into my face and I nod, promising it. 
But I instantly regret that promise when he lifts me, bodily, and slings me over his shoulder. The moan that rips from me instantly turns into a yell, if not a guttural scream. Jackson murmurs over and over again that he’s sorry, but then he moves forward, even as I cry ceaselessly into his back. 
My body is twisted over his shoulder, somehow, so that the weight of me isn’t on the wound. Instead, that faces inward, bumping awkwardly against Jackson’s head and sometimes his cheek as he begins to climb. Most of the time he keeps one arm wrapped. tightly around the back of my thighs, and my legs go blissfully numb, meaning I can’t feel the arrow in my thigh anymore. 
Frankly, most of the time I can’t feel anything, because I start to pass out as Jackson moves, somehow miraculously balancing me the whole time. The only times I come to are when Jackson passes more magic, his palm pressed against my back or my side. These come more and more frequently as he feels me fade, as he feels me start to drift away from him. 
When my eyes do open, the world is increasingly black, and at first I think it’s because…. because I’m dying. But then I realize that it’s just nighttime. 
Jackson starts to talk to me then, keeping up a steady string of words, most of them curses and narration of what he’s doing, every step he’s taking, how close we are to the end. But some of them,
blissfully, are the sweetest things I’ve ever heard. 
I just catch snatches of Jackson’s words, really of him telling me of how long he thought about me, about what I’d look like. His surprise that I’m a blonde. How much he wants to tell me, and parts of the world he wants to show me. 
If I had tears, they’d drip down my face, but I don’t. So instead I just hang limply over my mate’s shoulder, mourning the loss of this incredible bond when I jus 
got hold of it, even. as I determine to stay as long as I can even as I will myself to live, even for his sake, if not 
my own. 
– 
Emergency calls only be 
Chapter 109 
Because Jackson – he deserves a break in life, doesn’t he? 
15.4# 
And I laugh, a line, at the irony of that thought that Jackson needs a break, even when I’m the one dying over his shoulder, being hauled up a mountain. But Jackson laughs too, hearing or feeling my sentiments, and then he passes me more magic, and I clench my fist, determined to live. 
1 focus on my breathing, when I’m awake focus on dragging in the next breath as Jackson pulls me higher, and higher. 
Until, suddenly, I hear him groan, and then feel him stumble, and then suddenly stand and pause on his two feet. 
“We did it, Ari,” he murmurs, panting. He passes me more magic and my eyes flutter, confused. I turn my head, tying to comprehend the weird upside–down world. 
“What?” I murmur, still hanging, my fingers now as numb as my legs. Somewhere below. my cap fell off, and my hair is streaming down around me. There are people all over, cadets. and professors that I recognize and…other stuff? I try to peer through the curtain of my hair, try to understand but… 
Well. It’s kind of useless, so I just sigh and give up. “Okay,” I mutter, giving a little shrug. “Put me down, Jacks.” 
But he doesn’t listen to me, instead striding forward, shouting at the top of his lungs that we need a fucking medic, right the fuck now. 
Suddenly I jump a little, going rigid, because- 
Was…was that my name? 
There’s a rush of noise and then a smell hits my nose a familiar scent I’ve smelled, I think, every day of my life, and I immediately start crying as I hear my name again, and this time I recognize the voice. 
“Rafe,” I moan, reaching for him, even though I can’t see. 
“She needs a medic!” Jackson snaps, turning sharply away from my brother. 
Emergency calls only 
Chapter 109 
D94% 15:48 
“I’m right here!” There’s another familiar scent and I start to cry in earnest this time, trying to push away from Jackson, desperate to get to it to that familiar scent of lilies, and rose, and fresh water, and rain. 
– 
Jackson snarls, stepping back, even as I try to turn to push myself up. 
“I’m a healer,” the woman’s voice says, gentle and stern. “Please, please – I can help, okay!?” 
“Let her go. Jacks,” Rafe says, his voice even and persuasive. “Please – you’ve done everything you can, just…give her to me.” 
Jackson hesitates for a second before I feel myself moving, and I groan in agony as my mate tips me off his shoulder, and catches me in his arms and then….then passes me to my brother. 
“Hey, trouble.” Rafe murmurs, smirking down at me – I think for my sake, because I can see the worry in every line of his face, even if he’s pretending he doesn’t feel it. 
“What!?” the woman breathes, and then she steps forward, reaching for me as she gasps, and I turn my face to look up into what could be a mirror image. A thrill of deep love passes through me even despite the pain. 
“Hey, mom,” I murmur, trying to smile, reaching for her with a bloody hand 
But before I can brush her cheek, as I so desperately want to…I pass out. 
###Chapter 103
Chapter 103
Chapter 103 
Jackson stares down at the tiny woman who is…god, she could be his mate’s identical twin, couldn’t she? Except, a little older… 
“Rafe Henry Sinclair,” the woman hisses, moving closer to the Prince, glaring daggers into his face. “What the fuck are you two playing at?” 
“I’ll explain everything, mom,” Rafe growls softly through his teeth, turning away with Ari in his arms. “But right n in his arms. “But right now, you need to heal her!” 
Jackson stares, confused at Rafe, because. 
Well, why is he calling this woman mom? 
Didn’t Ari just….. 
And then, as the woman shoves Rafe hard on the shoulder and they start to stride towards a door built into the edge of the cliffside, everything suddenly comes together. 
That woman 
he’s seen her before, of course – seen her picture a thousand times in print and on television. Ella Sinclair – the Queen of the nation, Rafe’s mother. 
And mother of three more children, including the eldest Princess, Ariel – 
Ari – 
Jackson groans, tilting his head back and covering his face in his hands, cursing himself for being such an idiot- 
God, how could he have not put that together last night!? It’s not like she was even being sneaky about it! A girl named Ari, living with her “cousins,” Rafe and Jesse Sinclair!? Who the hell did he think she was!? 
“Are you coming?” 
Jackson drops his hands from his face to look towards the door, where the Queen has stopped for a moment to glare at him while she holds it open, inviting him to follow where 
Emergency calls only 2 0 0 a 5 
Chapter 103 
the crown Prince has carried his damn sister. 
8.094% 
15:49 
Jackson nods once and strides towards the door, obeying his summons not because at Queen has given them, but because his mate is inside now. And he’s not leaving her alone for one damn second. 
– 
No, he didn’t come this far to let someone else take control now. No, Ari Ariel she’s his. His to carry, his to protect, and he’s not leaving her side again before he knows she’s okay. Maybe not even then not for a long time. 
Jackson steps quickly through the door and follows the Queen down a short hall to a simple room. The Queen shuts the door behind him as Jackson turns to watch Rafe lays a bloody, unconscious
Ariel onto a crisp white hospital bed. God, she looks so tiny, so delicate… 
“Hey!” the Queen shouts, snapping her fingers up in Jackson’s face to draw his attention to her. “I don’t know who you are, but you need to fill me in on precisely what happened to my daughter!” She glares at him like it’s his fault. 
Jackson stands awkwardly by the door, staring at the Queen, not knowing what to say. 
“Go easy on him, mom,” Rafe snaps, standing up straight as the Queen rolls her eyes and moves to sit on the edge of the bed, taking Ariel’s hand. “He’s Ariel’s mate, he didn’t do this 
he probably saved her –” 
The Queen’s eyes go wide as she stares at Rafe and then turns that shocked gaze back on Jackson, who just stands by the door, trembling a little. 
starts 
“Well, come on, then,” the Queen sighs, waving him over as she leans over Ariel and to look over the wounds. To Jackson’s shock, the Queen rather callously grasps the end of a crossbow bolt and just yanks it out. 
– 
Jackson gapes because I mean, aren’t you supposed to not pull the bolt out? What kind of 
doctor is she- 
“Relax,” Rafe murmurs, glancing at him. “Mom’s got…I mean, it’s her magic, all right? She’s going to heal her. Ariel’s going to be fine.” 
The Queen sends another glance Jackson’s way before she starts to snap out questions about what happened, and when, and how long Ariel’s been semi–conscious. Jackson 
Emergency calls only & 
Chapter 103 
+94% 15:49 
|: 
answers them all a 
fast as he can before the Queen takes a deep breath, settling herself on the side of the bed and taking both of Ariel’s hands in hers. 
Then, to Jackson’s shock, the queen just exhales slowly and closes her eyes, looking of all bizarre things like she’s just meditating. 
Rafe exhales a long breath of relief and Jackson turns to him, gesturing towards the Queen, silently asking if they’re all crazy. 
Rafe just stares at Jackson and then laughs a little, nodding to the side, silently asking him to take a step away. Jackson hesitates but then follows, glancing towards the door, wondering if he should run and get a real doctor or something – 
“Look, Ari’s going to be fine, okay?” Rafe whispers, glancing back towards his mom and his sister, “Mom’s…very powerful. So just calm down, yeah?” 
Jackson just stares at the Prince’s face, wondering how the hell he’s supposed to do that. 
Rafe just smirks, his smile a little unsteady, but he takes a deep breath and shakes his head, probably forcing himself to calm down too. “Thank you,” Rafe says, crossing his arms and looking back towards his sister, laying so pale on the bed. “For taking care of her. It…it kills me that I wasn’t there.” 
“Of course,” Jackson says, instant, still staring at the Prince like he’s crazy for thinking that he wouldn’t take care of her. 
Rafe looks back at Jackson and flinches a little at the intensity on the other man’s face. And then he laughs, just lightly. “I guess you two…..figured some things out in the woods?” 
Jackson blinks for a second and then realizes that…well, that Rafe Sinclair knows, doesn’t he? But of course he does he just told the Queen that Jackson’s Ariel’s mate. “Yeah,” Jackson says after a minute, running a hand through his hair and looking over at Ariel again, not wanting to take his eyes away for a single second. To his shock, color has already started to come back to her cheeks. 
Is it…is it seriously possible? That… 
“Jacks,” Rafe murmurs, and Jackson almost jumps out of his skin when the Prince puts a hand on his shoulder. But Rafe, to his credit, doesn’t pull it away. Jackson turns to him now, 
Emergency calls only the 
Chapter 103 
* 094% 
15:49 
starting to tremble all over like a frightened animal. “Look,” Rafe says, keeping his voice Tow and calm. “if mom gets to them while they’re breathing I mean, I’ve never not seen her bring someone
back, okay?” 
The two stare at each other for a long moment, Jackson…not knowing how to understand it, or how to believe it. 
“Ariel’s going to be fine,” Rafe insists, his voice still soft, his brows knitting together in concern. But Jackson flinches when he realizes suddenly that Rafe’s concern is…is not for Ariel anymore. It’s for him. “You got her here in time, Jacks. You did it. She’s going to be 
okay.” 
Jackson continues to stare at Rafe for a long, long moment before he gasps in a long breath, suddenly flooded with hope he hadn’t realized he’d lost. 
Because he’d repeated to himself over and over again that she was going to make it – 
That she’d survive, that he’d make her survive, damn it, if he had to pour his own blood into her veins 
But deep down, after she’d stopped moving? After he could feel her pulse slowing, after she started taking the magic in lesser and lesser quantities? 
God, he’d really thought he’d lost her- 
And then Jackson, even though he hasn’t done it since he was a very small child, didn’t know he even could anymore he bursts into tears. Big, wracking sobs, the kind that shake his shoulders and make him gasp for air. Half mortified, half lost in grief and worry, he tucks his face against his palms. 
Rafe’s face falls, but suddenly he’s there, wrapping an arm around Jackson’s shoulders. before tugging him close. Jackson, not knowing what impulse tells him to do it because he’s never hugged
another man in his life, wraps his own arms around Rafe’s back and clings to him, burying his face against Rafe’s shoulder, emptying his tears. 
“It’s all right,” Rafe murmurs softly, patting Jackson’s muscled back with his own broad hand. “It’s okay, let it out. She’s going to be fine. She’s going to be fine.” 
Rafe murmurs it over and over until Jackson cries himself out, until the big Alpha raises his 
head and wipes an exhausted hand over his bloody cheek. 
Rafe helps Jackson steady himself, find his feet, and then looks him up and down. “You need a shower,” he murmurs, and Jackson pauses before he laughs, just a little, glancing again towards the bed where Ariel… 
God, she looks like she’s sleeping now, even though the Queen still holds her hands, still has her eyes closed, a faint lavender light shining around both of them. 
“Yeah.” Jackson murmurs, even though a shower is the furthest thing from his mind in this moment. “I guess…I guess I do.” 
“Welcome to the family, man,” Rafe murmurs, clapping a hand on Jackson’s shoulder and leaning against him just a little bit. “Welcome to non–stop drama, probably for the rest of your life.” 
Jackson just groans lightly at the thought, and crosses his arms, and stands steadily even if he needs to sniff a few times and wipe again at the final tears on his cheeks. 
Then, quite patiently, he stands still and waits for his mate to wake up.
###Chapter 104
Chapter 104
Chapter 0209 
When my eyes flutter open, I stretch myself a little, feeling bright and refreshed. 
“All better, baby?” I hear my mom murmur and I go still for a moment before I focus on her face leaning over me. 
A smile breaks out on my lips, because it’s my mom my mom, the best mom in the whole world, who I love so much, who I’ve been dying to see for weeks – 
But then I gasp, and sight up straight, with my entire reality flashing back to me in a moment – why I haven’t seen my mom for months, the Academy, the Examination – 
“Slowly now, slowly,” mom murmurs, putting her hands on my shoulders and pushing me gently back towards my pillows. “You’re fixed, baby, but you’re still dehydrated and exhausted. Go easy.” 
But I resist, not wanting to lay down – only wanting my mom, to be in her arms. “Mama,” I cry, tears springing to my eyes, and she relents, wrapping her arms around me and gathering me to her. She holds me close, shushing me quietly and rocking me back and forth like she has a thousand times, telling me how much she loves me and how precious I am to her. And those words god, they heal me more than any magic she has. 
I mean, that’s an overstatement. But it certainly feels like it. 
“Thanks, mom,” I say, my words hitching a little in my voice. “Thank you so much. I was so scared” 
“You were scared,” she says, pulling back a little and looking at me with wide eyes, “Ari, you just laid there I was the one who was scared. I’m going to kill you for this!” 
I can’t help it – I burst out laughing, a rough and shaky sound as I lift my hands and brush my tears from my cheeks. “What a waste of magic, mom,” I murmur, shaking my head, “if you heal me just to kill me.” 
My mom just moans then, shaking her head at me and gathering me into her arms again. I cringe, hating that I made her so upset, but there’s a bright side in that too, right? Because if she’s mad at me, that means I’m okay. If I was dying, mom would go much easier on me. 
“I’m sorry, mom,” I whisper. “I’ll tell you everything I promise.” 
“Damn right you will,” she murmurs back, tightening her arms. “What were you and your brother thinking taking you off to that dangerous school – you’re so little, Ariel! Why did you think you could –” 
“Um,” 
I start a little at the manly voice that sounds somewhere to my left, sitting up straight and looking around. And my eyes go wide when I see Rafe and Jackson just…standing there, staring at us. 
How – how long have they been there? 
“Yeah,” Rafe says, glancing anxiously at Jackson, “I think…I think you need to let this one see that you’re okay? Or else he might have a stroke.” 
Another little sob breaks from my throat as I open my arms to my mate, calling to him in my mind, and instantly he’s across the floor – so fast I didn’t even see him move- gathering me into his arms and taking shaky breaths as he runs a hand over my hair, and takes a deep sniff of my scent. As Rafe comes to stand closer by the bed, Jackson does his best to look me over all while keeping me as close as he can, which kind of defeats the point. 
“You’re you’re seriously okay?” he asks, his voice trembling. “How…” 
“I’m fine,” I say, nodding my head eagerly to him, “mom patched me up, Jacks, it’s okay – 
He screws up his face in confusion, glancing between me and mom, not getting it. “So, you’re like… you are going into surgery soon? She stopped the bleeding? What about the infection you need –” 
“No,” I murmur, taking his face between my palms and shaking my head, making him listen. to me. “Jacks, I’m healed that’s her gift. It’s pretty incredible.” When he still stares at me, not getting it, I grin and lean back a little in his arms, pulling up my shirt so he can see my stomach, which looks exactly as it did before Wright plunged a crossbow bolt through it smooth skin, no scar, no wound. Nothing. 
“See?” I say as his eyes go wide. “Like it never happened.” 
“What…” he breathes, sitting up straight, his arms loosening around me in a way I can’t stand. “How…” 
“Well,” 
mom says dryly, “I think that’s enough bared flesh for one evening.” She swats gently at my hand and makes me drop my shirt. I laugh, grinning at her, and then glance at my mate, feeling suddenly awkward to be in his arms like this. I mean, he’s here…did they like…meet? 
###Chapter 105
Chapter 105
Chapter 0210 
Does she know who he is to me? 
And, oh my god, has Luca shown up? Did he even finish the Examination? Does he even know that I’m here, that I was hurt? I glance anxiously towards the door. 
“All right, young man,” my mom says, sterner than she usually is, leaning forward to deliver a little rap to Jackson’s arm. “You’ve verified that she’s alive and well – now hands. off my daughter at least until we’ve been properly introduced.” 
Jackson blushes terribly and goes rigid before letting me go, sitting up straight. I grin at him because, I mean, I know that mom is teasing him but knowing how Jackson is around 
women? 
And especially a Queen? 
Oh, my poor baby mate. 
“Well?” mom says, sitting up imperiously and holding out a hand to him, palm down with her fingers delicately pressed together. “Will you not kiss my hand and perform the proper obeisances to your Queen, Cadet?” 
Jackson just stares at her hand, wide–eyed, having absolutely no idea what to do and in a complete panic about it. I let it all happen for about two seconds, glancing between them and taking in Jackson’s slack jaw, the twitch at the edges of my mom’s lips, before I burst. out laughing and smack her hand away. 
“Mom, leave him alone!” I order, and she grins, dropping her hand. “You’re scaring the crap 
out of him.” 
Rafe laughs too, enjoying the scene as I murmur to Jackson that she’s just teasing him – that there are no Queenly obeisances due. 
“Yeah well,” my mom says, crossing her arms and sighing with pleasure as she looks over me and then Rafe, her first two babies who she loves so, so much. “Your boy here scared the crap out of me, so I thought I’d return the favor.” 
“He’s delicate mom,” I murmur, pressing myself warm against Jackson’s side, sensing that 
he needs it. “He’s-” 
“Delicate!?” Rafe questions, his voice full of doubt, but I ignore him, continuing on. 
“He’s not used to women’s tricks and pranks. And he’s had a hard night, dragging my 
10 UVIIUJ 
bleeding butt all over the countryside. Be nice.” 
My mom just sighs, still grinning, as she smiles warmly at Jackson. “I owe you a life debt, boy, for bringing my daughter back to me. I’ll never be able to repay it.” 
She leans forward, offering her hand in a normal way. Jackson, sensing that it’s real this time, reaches forward to take it, wrapping his large hand around her small one. 
“You’re my family now,” mom whispers, holding his blue gaze, her voice serious and sweet, “nothing will ever change that. Yes?” 
My heart swells as I look up at Jackson, because even though mom has no real way of knowing it, I think she’s given Jackson the thing he’s always needed and never knew to want a family, a mother
to care for him. And I know her I know that she means every word of it. That beyond being my mate- what Jackson did for me today? He’ll always, always have a place in her heart. 
— 
“Thank you,” Jackson says, his voice quiet and very reverent. And I grin when I realize that Jackson, like the rest of us, has been caught up in mom’s spell. 
How couldn’t he be, though? Mom is the best.. 
“All right,” Rafe says, his voice dry and a little bored, “this is a lot of love, but you two are both covered in blood and you smell terrible –” 
“We do not,” I protest, turning my face up to stare at him. 
“Well, he does,” Rafe says, pointing at Jacks in a way that makes me squeak in ion. But my brother just grins at me, a little wicked. “Listen, you just got carried across the countryside, you didn’t have to break a sweat-” 
I protest with a louder squeak this time, ing to the idea that any of that was easy for 
1. me. 
“But he,” Rafe continues, pointing at my mate with more vehemence, “did all the work. So would you please unwind yourself from him for half an hour so he can get cleaned up? Because dad’s here, and he’s going to want to meet him, and your mate is gross – ” “Dad’s here?” I ask my eyes going wide. 
###Chapter 106
Chapter 106
Chapter 0211 
“Yup, dad’s somewhere I’m shocked he hasn’t come running yet,” mom says, dropping Jackson’s hand and fluttering her hand at him. “Rafe’s right shower for you, and then Ariel is next. Because if your dad meets your mate covered in your blood and your scent- he’s going to flip.” 
Jackson, as freaked out as he should be, presses a quick kiss to my head and then stands up. I’ll be right back,” he says to me, looking down at me with worry. And I grin at him, touched a little – but what does he think, that I’m worried he’s going to run away or something? 
“I know,” I murmur, reaching for his hand giving it a little squeeze. “Don’t worry. I’ll be okay.” 
Jackson hesitates, I think fighting the instincts that tell him to stay absolutely by my side at all times, but then he sighs when Rafe wraps a hand around his arm and starts to pull him away. 
Mom and I both watch as the two head for the second door in the chamber, which I guess leads somewhere else communal bathrooms? Who knows. 
And then, when my mate and my brother disappear and the door swings shut behind them, my mom turns to me with a grin. 
“Well,” she murmurs, her eyes flicking over me impishly, “you’ve been busy, haven’t you, daughter?” 
And I just moan and put my head in my hands, sinking back against the pillows. 
Mom just laughs, shoving me gently aside and coming to snuggle up against the pillows next to me. “Oh, don’t pretend that you’re all tired now –” 
“I am tired!” 
“Not too tired to gossipthe women in this family are never too tired to gossip. Come on, baby! I want to hear everything! I’m dying over here we haven’t had any news of you in 
months-” 
“Okay, okay,” I grumble, secretly pleased as my mom wraps an arm around me and pulls me close. Because she is right – I am dying to talk to her, and the ladies in this family we really can talk. And so I launch into my story, laying my heart out plain for her. 
– 
I start at the beginning, at the wedding, and I apologize profusely for bailing on it without even saying goodbye- 
even saying goodbye – but my mom is all warm support, saying that she understands, and 
+15 BONUS 
considering the horrible things those men said when they found out I’d fled… “Well,” she says, tossing back her hair and lifting her chin, “they’re just lucky I let them walk away with their skins intact.” 
“You are a lady, after all, mom,” I say, nodding sagely. 
“And a queen,” she adds, mimicking my tone and making us both laugh. But then she squeezes me, urging me on. 
So I tell her all about just wanting to be with Jesse and Rafe, my best friends, at first, but then as time passed how much I really, really wanted to be at the school. How much my heart, genuinely, sang when I was admitted as a cadet, how much I love my classes, the excitement I feel whenever I think about becoming a spy and helping our nation. 
“I really want to do it, mom,” I murmur. “It’s…it’s more than just escaping from the wedding now. This feels like my life, like what I was…meant to do.” 
“And it doesn’t hurt,” she says, her voice sarcastic, “that your super hot mate just happens. to live down the hall.” 
I squawk in surprise, sitting up straight and staring at her. “Did you just call my mate hot!?” 
Mom bursts out laughing, shaking her head. “I mean, he is, Ariel –” 
“That’s so gross!” I gasp, swatting her arm. “You’re my mother –” 
“Your mother who has eyes,” she continues, laughing hysterically, “besides, I mean, it’s not as if the two of us don’t have a similar type.” 
“WHAT!?” I shout, appalled. 
“Oh come, on, Ariel,” mom says, rolling her eyes as she tries to get the words out around her vivid laughter. “Are you seriously trying to tell me that you haven’t noticed the similarities between your mate and your dad? I mean, talk about daddy issues –” 
###Chapter 107
Chapter 107
Chapter 0212 
I yelp in protest then, grabbing my pillow and starting to thwap her with it, yelling disconnected words about how I didn’t even pick him, the Goddess did, and actually Jackson and dad are nothing alike, just because they’re both big. 
But mom just laughs hysterically and eventually I join her, dropping my pillow and curling. up at her side, covering my blushing cheeks with my hands and shaking my head at the heat. against my palms. 
“It’s okay, baby,” mom murmurs, dropping a kiss to my forehead as she shakes with giggles. “Your dad is hot too. Trust me, I get the appeal.” 
“I don’t ever want to talk about this ever again,” I murmur, my words muffled in my humiliation. 
“Too bad,” she sighs. “Cora’s going to come in here in a few minutes and say the exact same thing –” 
“Cora’s here?” I gasp, sitting up eagerly and looking towards the door like she’s going to come through it at any minute. 
“We’re all here, baby,” mom says, sitting up with me. “You think Cora and I are going to let your father and your uncle put on this ridiculously dangerous Examination without us at the end to patch everyone up? We come every year 
“You do?” I ask, my eyes going wide. 
“Yes! You didn’t notice that every year around this time we take a little vacation 
– 
“What a crap vacation,” I say, shaking my head. 
But before my mom can agree, the door to the room flies open again and my mate comes stumbling into the room, gasping in fear and surprise. 
But…not that mate. 
The other one. 
I’m caught between a gasp of relief and a moan of mortification – because my mom is going to be so confused by this. But I immediately open my arms for Luca, who comes crashing across the room to my side. I throw my arms around his neck as his slide immediately around my back, holding me close, shaking a little. 
“Are you all right?” he gasps, horrified, worried. 
“Are you!?” 
“Ariel,” he snaps, leaning back to glare at me a little, “you are not checking in on me when I just heard that you showed up at the finish line unconscious, bleeding everywhere, thrown. over Jackson McClintock’s shoulder of all people –” 
“I’m fine,” I murmur, my eyes wide and sorry as I see the real fear in him. “Seriously, Luc, I’m fine – I’m all patched up – I’m…” 
And then my voice fades out as my mom clears her throat. 
“Um,” I say, awkwardly turning to her and glancing between her confused but entertained face and my mate’s still–terrified expression. “Mom? I’d like you to meet…Luca Grant. Luca, this is my mom she…she healed me up. Magically.” 
I finish the sentence lamely, not knowing how to explain that. But Luca, to his credit, takes it in stride. He sits up straight in surprise but the immediately falls back on his manners, which are impeccable when he wants them to be. 
“Your highness,” he says, immediately offering his hand, which my mother takes with a smile. “I am so sorry – you’ll have to forgive me, I was…I was very distracted. I care a great deal about your daughter and I didn’t honestly, I didn’t even notice you sitting there.” 
“You’re forgiven,” my mom says, turning her head at him curiously as she squeezes his hand. “But, if you don’t mind me asking, my daughter told me that she kept her identity and her gender a secret during her time at the Academy. How is it that you know?” 
“Because,” Luca says, his eyes wide with his innocence. “She’s my mate.” 
My mom’s eyes go wide with surprise and then scandalized delight. 
“Well,” she says, turning her cat–like grin on me as I cover my face with my hands. “You really have been busy, Ariel. Very busy indeed.” 
###Chapter 108
Chapter 108
Chapter 0213 
Mom and Luca exchange pleasantries while I work very hard to pull myself together, wondering how the hell I’m supposed to manage all of this chaos, when Jesse – of all wonderful people comes to my rescue. 
He, too, skids through the door and is across the room in half a second, shoving Luca roughly aside and knocking him to the floor so he can wrap his arms around me, murmuring about how scared he was and how glad he is that I’m okay. 
I hug my cousin back, assuring him that I’m all right, and it’s only when Jesse offers a hand and an apology to Luca that I’m able to look at my mom again. She quickly raises a questioning eyebrow at me, asking silently if everything is out in the open, and I hurriedly shake my head, begging her with my expression to please, please not say anything. 
Slowly, she nods, a smile still playing at her lips as she turns her attention back to the boys, who are now standing at my bedside. 
“As much as it is a pleasure to meet you, Luca,” she says, her voice official now, “and I do very much want to talk to you more – Ariel still isn’t well.” 
Luca’s face pales at the news and he anxiously looks between me and my mom. 
“She’s fine,” Jesse explains, putting a hand on Luca’s shoulder. “Aunt Ella healed her up, Luc, don’t worry – 
“I healed her,” mom says, nodding to Jesse, “but she’s still exhausted and dehydrated. Jesse? Will you please go get your mom, and tell her to bring an IV? Ariel needs fluids.” 
Jesse nods and immediately moves to the door, but Luca hesitates, clearly wanting to stay. My mom simply quirks one queenly eyebrow at him, though clearly requesting time alone with her daughter – and I see Luca give in. 
“I’ll see you soon,” he says, kneeling down by the side of my bed and running a fond hand over my hair, my shoulder, and then down my arm. I can see him bodily fighting his instincts to stay by his mate’s side – but he also knows that I am clearly all right in my mother’s hands. 
“It will be okay, Luca,” I murmur, leaning impulsively forward. Luca puts a soft hand on my cheek and presses a brief, chaste kiss to my mouth – not really able to resist, but also not wanting to put on a display in front of my mom. 
I grin at him as he stands with a sigh and heads for the door. I’m still grinning, watching his 
form, as my mom clears her throat. 
“Don’t say anything,” I whisper, reaching out a hand for hers and squeezing it before the door snicks shut behind Luca’s retreating form. Then, once we’re alone, I turn to her, grimacing a little. 
“Soooo, Ariellll,” she says, leaning forward and grinning at me, her voice light and gossipy. “Why do both of those boys think that they’re your mate!?” 
“Because,” I say, my voice and my face completely serious. “They both are, mom.” 
Slowly the smile falls from her face. “Wait, what?” 
I nod slowly and then burst into an explanation – telling her about that first day, when both of their scents hit me, and then of figuring it all out as time passed. Mom’s eyes are wide and shocked by the time I’m halfway through the story and I can tell that she’s mesmerized and worried, all at once. 
I don’t our have time to get to the end 
– 
about how I just told Jackson last night, during 
the Examination – when the door opens and Aunt Cora comes in, wheeling an IV stand with 
her. 
I 
I give a little cry of joy when I see her – Cora, she’s my only aunt, but she’s my favorite anyway. She makes the same little noise as she slams the door shut and rushes to me, pushing the IV with her and abandoning it a bit when she sits on the bed next to me and wraps me up in a tight, tight hug. 
“You idiot,” she mutters into my hair, rocking me back and forth. “You followed your brother and your cousin, of all people!? To the Academy!?” 
“I like it there!” I protest, laughing a little and pushing her away a bit so that I can look into her face, smiling despite all the drama. “Besides,” I say, cocking my head to the side, “where did you guys think I was?” 
“In a convent,” Cora sighs, slumping back against the pillows with me and glancing at my mom. “At least, that’s what we hoped. Safe and sound, all walled up, practicing the art of making tapestries or something equally dull and harmless.” 
“Oh, well, it sounds like Ariel was doing the exact opposite, Cors,” my mom says, leaning forward with her chin on her palm and grinning at me. I scowl at her, thinking she’s enjoying this just a little too much. “Considering that she just told me that she met two mates at this little Academy.” 
###Chapter 109
Chapter 109
Chapter 0214 
Cora gasps, staring first at my mom and then at me. I blink, shocked at the…the delight in her eyes. “They’re both here!?” 
“What!?” my mom squeals, sitting up rigid and straight, just as I do. 
“Did you…did you know!?” I’m equally shocked. 
“Oh my god!” Cora shouts, laughing and covering her face with her hands for a second. ” I’ve known since you were a baby! I saw it at your baptism – I’m so glad you both finally know so that I don’t have to keep it to myself anymore!” 
“Cora!” 
my mother shouts, half laughing half enraged as she leans forward to smack Coral on the arm, “how could you not tell me this!?” 
“You opted out of it!” Cora replies, laughing and pointing a finger at mom’s face. “I told you I would tell you, but we agreed that there are some things a mom shouldn’t know! Besides, you wouldn’t have been able to not tell Dominic and he would have locked Ariel up in a box the moment she hit puberty.” 
“I just thought you saw Ariel getting into a lot of romantic drama with her mate, I didn’t think –” 
“Wait, you knew I had a mate!?” I gasp, turning to my mom now. “How could you not tell me!?” 
“Well, why would you want to know?” mom replies, spreading her hands innocently. “It’s important to go through life and take it as it comes, with no expectations 
“Dad told Rafe he had one!” 
11 
“He did?” mom gasps, turning to look at the door. “Oh, I’m going to kill him 
“Okay okay,” Cora says, raising her voice above ours and spreading her hands out, silencing us. “Let’s…get organized here. Ella, I maintain that you did not want to know this, because it would have driven you absolutely insane.” 
“Probably true,” my mom concedes with a nod. 
“But Ariel,” she says, turning to me, her face breaking into a smile. “Come on, 
they!?” 
dish. Who ar 
“Mom just met them –” 
“Oh, which one do you like better?” Cora asks, eager, leaning forward. 
“That is so unfair!” I protest, gasping but…I look immediately to my mom, also kind of wanting to know. 
“One of them is Luca Grant,” my mom says, leaning forward eagerly, almost as if I’m not 
there. 
“Luca GRANT!?” Cora squeals, her hands going to her cheeks. “The boxer!? Oh my god, he’s so cute – I’ve had a crush on him for like, a year 
“Ew EW!” I shout, hitting Cora now. “That is so gross you’re both so gross-” 
– 
“I am not gross, Ariel,” Cora laughs, dodging my blows, “I am just a woman, and he is good looking. God, you’re so lucky-” 
“I’m telling Uncle Roger you said that,” I reply, narrowing my eyes and crossing my arms. 
Luca’s a hottie. But your dad,” 
“Go ahead!” she says, waving a hand. “He’ll probably agree she grimaces, “he’s not going to be happy about that one.” 
“Why not?” I ask, my eyes going wide. 
“Because,” she says, grimacing a little and glancing at my mom, “he’s kind of a ladies‘ man, right? Dates around? He’s dated like everyone – every little starlet.” 
I growl, hating the idea and crossing my arms. “Well, he’s not going to do that anymore.” 
“Oh yes,” Cora replies, laughing again, “convince him to be faithful to you while you’re out there, dating your other mate.” 
I groan, leaning against her, because I mean…she’s right, isn’t she? 
“You should see the other one,” my mom says, raising her eyebrows with a grin. “He looks just like her dad 
“He doesn’t,” I moan, throwing my head back, a little whine in my voice. 
“You’re right, baby,” my mom says to me consolingly, but when I lift my head I catch her mouthing “He totally does” to Aunt Cora, who just laughs.. 
“He doesn’t! They have totally different coloring! And their… face shapes…” I hesitate, trying to come up with other differences, but mom and Cora just grin at me. 
“Fine,” I groan, putting my face in my hands. “But their personalities are totally different 
– 
Mom leans forward, beginning to assure me that she’s sure that’s completely true, when Cora interrupts, her voice considering 
“Actually,” she says, her expression a little far–off. “Your dad would probably be the right one to ask about this, Ari ” 
“What?” I ask, completely confused. “Cora, dad is the last person I want to talk to about this stuff – he’s gong to flip.” 
“Well, that aside,” she responds with a shrug like it’s an easy thing to handle the most powerful Alpha in the world when he’s flipping out “he’s also the only person I’ve ever heard of who had two fated mates 
My jaw drops almost completely to the floor. 
###Chapter 110
Chapter 110
Chapter 0215 
I 
“Wait, what?” I gasp, shocked. 
“Oh yeah,” my mom says, her own eyes going far–off as she apparently remembers this long -lost, incredibly important and interesting detail. “I forgot about that…” 
“You knew!?” I’m scandalized – mom and dad, they’re so perfect for each other. The idea of dad being mated to someone else… 
God, I can’t even imagine it. 
“Of course I knew, baby,” mom says, leaning closer and tucking a strand of my bloody hair behind my ear as Cora stands up and begins to fuss with the IV, apparently remembering suddenly that I’m coming off the edge of death and need some fluids. “Dad and I don’t keep secrets. Plus, I knew her.” 
“Real piece of work,” Cora murmurs, shaking her head as she reaches for my arm. 
“What!?” It’s all I can say in my shock as Cora hooks me up to the IV, helping me get on the mend in her own non–magical way. 
“It wasn’t at the same time, like you and your boys,” mom says, turning her head consideringly. “He rejected her and then was single for a long time before he met me. Which, I mean, thank god I don’t think I’d have been able to handle that. I’d have been so jealous, and she’d probably have tried to kill me. I mean, more than she eventually did.” 
My face screws up in shock and confusion as I stare at my mother, but she just waves a hand, dismissing it. 
“Speaking of the jealousy,” Cora says, sitting down next to me and taking my wrist so she can check my pulse. “How are your boys handling it?” 
“Um,” I say, looking between them. “They…aren’t. Because they don’t…know about each other.” 
Mom and Cora’s faces are twin pictures of shock and then delight before they burst into scandalized laughter. 
“You little minx,” mom says, leaning forward to prod me with the tips of her fingers. “How the hell did you manage that!?” 
“I didn’t manage it,” I murmur, not really liking the implication here that I’m doing it nefariously and for my own good. “It was…I didn’t want anyone to find out, at first, that I 
was a girl. And then I…it took a while to get to know them, and to decide I could trust them.” 
“Wise,” Cora says, nodding as she slips a stethoscope out of her pocket and slips it around her neck. “And Rafe and Jesse?” 
“Um,” I say, because…well, this one is a little more nefarious, I guess. “Rafe knows about 
“I Jackson. Jesse knows about Luca.” My mom and my aunt grin at me again, but I just shrug and sigh. 
“Well, how are you feeling about it, baby?” my mom asks, leaning forward and taking my hand. “It must be a lot, in addition to your studies.” 
“It is a lot,” I say, my shoulders slumping in relief to hear her voice it aloud, to have her understand. “It’s scary! And they’re both so great, but…” I bite my lip and shake my head, looking down at my lap, “it’s really confusing.” 
Mom begins to murmur comforting things about how of course it’s confusing – it’s bound to be but suddenly the door flies open again. 
This time, broad shoulders fill the frame and I blink because…. 
Well, for a second, as embarrassing as it is, I did think it was Jackson. 
But my eyes fill with tears the moment that I realize that it’s my dad. 
“Dad!” I croak, suddenly completely overwhelmed with emotion as I try to pull myself up, to move to him, to get immediately to his side. 
Because I mean, 
I love 
my mom – endlessly, in every atom of me. But my dad…. 
“Baby,” he groans, striding across the room and scooping me up off the bed even as I 
scramble for him. He groans again when he ducks his head and presses his cheek to mine, as I burst into tears and wrap my arms around his broad shoulders. 
My dad holds me tight for a long, long few moments, and Cora and my mom stay quiet, letting us have this time, understanding the bond between us. 
He takes a shuddering breath before raising his head, looking into my face. “Are you okay, sweetheart?” 
I nod, sniffing. “Just a little overwhelmed, pops,” I murmur, which earns me a smile. “Mom fixed me up good. I’m fine.” 
Dad growls deep in his throat as he lowers himself to the bed with me still in his arms, clearly not ready to let me go but ready to join the conversation. Cora, smiling, goes and closes the door before untangling the IV chord and laying it out neatly. Then she sits down 
on the edge of the bed opposite my mom. The poor overloaded bed gives a desperate little creak, but we all ignore it. 
###Chapter 111
Chapter 111
Chapter 0216 
“I’m going to kill your brother,” dad says, shaking his head as he looks me over, frowning at the blood all over me and narrowing his eyes as he gives me a suspicious sniff. But if he smells Jackson or Luca, he doesn’t say anything. 
“Go easy on Rafe, dad,” I murmur, raising a hand to run it fondly over his stubbled cheek. “ It was all Jesse’s idea anyway.” 
Mom and Cora laugh at this but dad continues frowning, not ready to joke. “I could have lost you, Ariel,” he whispers, his voice tight. “Do you – do you know what that would have done to me?” 
“Don’t, dad,” I say, shaking my head, my lip trembling as tears start to threaten my eyes again. My dad – he’s so strong, so steady – seeing him emotional like this? God, I can’t handle it – not at all. “I’m perfectly fine – nothing happened 
– 
– 
“But it could have happened,” he whispers, devastated even by the thought of it. “It almost did – Ariel, from what Jesse said, you almost died 
– 
(( 
The tears start to slip down my cheeks and my lips turn down in a desperate frown, because I hate that I did this to him hate that he was this worried. 
– 
“Easy, Dominic,” mom murmurs, reaching out a hand and placing it softly on dad’s knee. Don’t make the girl feel guiltier than she already does. She’s had a rough day.” 
Dad glances at mom for a moment and then heaves a deep sigh, forcing himself, I think, to move on from it. 
“Well,” he says, giving me a steady nod as he takes a deep breath. “At least it’s all over, now.” 
I nod, agreeing, likewise grateful that the Examination is done but then I go rigid in my dad’s arms, looking up at him with suspicion. “Dad,” I say slowly, “what do you mean by that?” 
“I mean that we can bring you home now,” he says, giving me a steady nod. “Where you’ll be safe and sound –” 
“What!?” I gasp, staring up at his face. Instantly I drop my arms from around his shoulders. “You’re you’re taking me home!?” 
– 
– 
“Well of course we’re taking you home, Ariel – the fuss with your ex–fiancé is all cleared you don’t have to be in hiding anymore –” 
up, 
(( 
“No!” I protest, shaking my head vehemently and wiggling hard until dad lets me go, staring at me in shock. “Dad, I’m going back to the Academy! I mean, unless I didn’t the Examination? Were we too
late!?” 
pass 
Dad just stares at me in shock and confusion as I turn to the door, suddenly desperate to know. “Did I slow Jackson down too much?” I ask, my voice getting squeaky in my panic. Did they did they say I failed because he carried me across the finish line? I don’t know the rules –” 
– 
“Jackson?” my dad asks, and then he leans towards me, sniffing suspiciously again. “Who the hell is Jackson? What happened, Ariel –” 
“Was. I. Late?” I ask, my voice sharp as I turn to stare at my dad, my lips a thin line. 
“What?” my dad asks again, completely baffled. 
“Um,” Cora says, interjecting awkwardly. “Ariel, if you’re asking if you made it across the line within the top 60% of candidates…you did…” 
I huge rush of air leaves my lungs and relief sweeps through me, because at least Jackson is getting through – 
– 
But me? Are there rules about how healthy you have to be when you cross? Do you have to do it under your own power? 
“Ariel,” my dad snaps, his voice harsh, “are you saying – my god, you can’t be serious you want to go back to the Academy!?” 
“Of course I do!” 
He stares at me for a long second before his face turns cold. “Absolutely not. 
I gape at my father as he crosses his arms over his chest. 
“Dominic,” my mother says, and I whip my head to see her frowning at him, clearly taking my side. “Ariel is at the Academy for more reasons than just to hide from that horrible fiancé – she’s been working really hard! She’s 
– 
“It’s out of the question,” dad snaps, slicing a hand through the hair like that’s the end of it. “My daughter is not going back to an Academy of Alpha males who clearly want her dead 
“Dad!” I protest. 
“No!” he shouts, his voice booming out, carrying with it his Alpha command. “You were shot with a crossbow, Ariel! No daughter of mine is going to be at that school – it’s too 
dangerous for you! It is male–only for a reason!” 
My hands curl into fists in my side as I glare at my father, my jaw set. 
###Chapter 112
Chapter 112
My hands curl into fists in my side as I glare at my father, my jaw set. 
Chapter 0217 
I’m well, well aware that I’m supposed to quail under the look my father is leveling at me now – that it’s sent many big tough Alphas running for the hills. 
But, well, I’m my father’s daughter, aren’t I? 
And I am not giving in that easily. No way in hell. 
“I’m going back, dad,” I growl, my voice matching his own even though it’s several octaves higher. “You can’t stop me.” 
“The hell I can’t – ” 
“I have worked too hard!” I shout, getting up on my knees and leaning towards him now. “I have been busting my ass at that school, proving myself! I –” 
“And it almost killed you, Ariel!” my dad shouts back, leaning in so that our faces are only inches apart. 
“I survived, didn’t I!?” I whip my finger up between us, a move I’ve seen my mom make a thousand times, but my dad just swats it away. “I’m proving myself, dad. I already beat 
twenty percent of the candidate class getting into the school, and now I’ve beat forty percent of the men who have been training just as hard as me! You cannot discount me and say that I haven’t earned my spot!” 
“You were carried over the finish line bleeding and barely breathing, Ariel,” dad says, and his anger snaps a little as he speaks the words. He groans again as he pictures it, straightening up and closing his eyes against the mental image. “I cannot, in good faith, send you to your death – you are not built, physically, for this world 
– 
(( 
“So, the only people who are worthy of the education,” I say, sitting back on my butt and crossing my arms as I glare at him, “are big guys, like you?” 
His 
eyes fly open to stare at me, and then they narrow. “You know that’s not what I mean.” “In this school I am not your daughter – I’m Ari Clark, who is a boy,” I argue, knowing perhaps that it won’t make as much sense but needing to make the point anyway. “He’s small, but he’s smart. And he’s earned his place there. You can’t take this away from me not when I…” I hesitate now, biting my lip. “Not when it’s the only life I think I’ve ever really wanted, dad!” 
He groans again, pressing his eyes shut as he whips his head to the side. And despite his actions, I know he’s hearing me – I know he’s listening. He just really, really doesn’t like it. 
“She’s not wrong, Dominic,” my mom says softly, and a rush of joy runs through me when I hear her support, though I don’t turn to look at her, keeping my eyes on him. “You’re being if she was a boy; or, hell, if she was more of a dad than a military commander right now anyone else’s girl…you’d let her go back.” 
— 
“Quite frankly, Dom, if you keep her out you’re just being sexist.” My eyes go wide as I turn to stare at Aunt Cora, and my dad and mom do the same. She just shrugs, her chin high as she stares him down. “I’ve said from the start that this school was on the wrong side of it to only let in boys. It’s been running for more than twenty years now, and you finally have a girl Cadet who has genuinely proven that she’s better than half the boys who showed up and tried.” 
Cora gestures to me here, and another rush of joy pulses through me. 
“Again,” my dad says, his teeth gritted. “She nearly died.” 
says 
“But I didn’t,” I say, seeing my opportunity. “Dad, check the rulebooks. If there’s a rule that 
that you have to cross the finish line of your own power, then…” I bite my lip, not wanting to say it, but taking the gamble anyway, “then…I’ll go back to the Palace with you. But if other cadets have passed the Examination when they were carried across the line…you have to let me stay.” 
Dad sighs, closing his eyes, and I clench my hands in hope because I know he sees the logic in that. I know that he’s a fairer man than he’s being right now that he is, as mom says, acting on his dad instincts more than anything else. 
###Chapter 113
Chapter 113
Chapter 0218 
“Let me talk to your brother,” dad growls, each word slow and distinct. “I need…more information about how the rest of the time at the Academy has been. Although, I’m going to put him through a meat grinder the moment I see him, so he’s not going to be able to get any words out.” 
“You can ask Jesse, then,” I offer, more cheerful than I have a right to be, because I can see dad’s determination starting to crumble. 
Dad just glares at me. “Don’t think he’s not dead too.” 
“Please,” Cora says, her voice dry, “murder your own children. Leave mine to me. I’ve got special plans for that sneaky little rat a long, slow death, I think…” 
— 
Dad glances towards Cora, opening his mouth to retort, but we all go silent and turn towards the second door in the room the moment it opens and Rafe reappears with a certain tall, freshly– showered Alpha by his side. 
Rafe’s eyes go wide when he sees the collection of his loved–ones gathered on the poor over - burdened bed and he puts out a hand, smacking Jackson in the chest and stopping him in his tracks. 
I can’t help it, though – Jackson, in a fresh cadet uniform, his hair all wet and slicked back? God, but he looks so good. 
He grins, feeling my emotions down the bond, passing his own relief and joy back to me. But then his eyes flick to my dad, and he stills, realizing… 
Well, realizing precisely who is sitting before him. 
My dad slowly gets to his feet, scenting the air, a vicious growl building in the back of his throat as he recognizes the scent of this cadet as the scent that is all over me. 
“Dad,” I say, my voice worried as I shoot a glance between him and Jackson, grabbing for his sleeve. But my dad just brushes me off, moving slowly as he stands, his eyes moving between Rafe and Jackson. “Dad, don’t –” 
“Who the hell are you?” dad asks, his voice very, very dangerous. “And why is your scent all over my injured daughter?” 
“Dad,” Rafe says, stepping in front of Jackson, his 
eyes wide. 
“Enough!” dad snaps at my brother, glaring daggers at him. “Step aside, Rafe, let this man speak for himself.” 
Rafe sets his jaw and stays still for a moment, clearly deciding what to do. But then, to my surprise, he steps to the side, letting Jackson handle this himself – some Alpha instinct letting him know that this is between my dad and Jacks. 
To my surprise, unlike the vast majority of men who would fall back a few steps and beg forgiveness or start spouting an explanation in the face of my father like this, Jackson stands his ground. He sets his jaw and curls his hands into determined fists. His shoulders slump forward, just a little, in what I think is a sign of non–aggression, letting my dad know that he does not want to fight. But he doesn’t give up a single step of the space between 
them. 
Instead, Jackson just flicks his eyes to me, asking silently what I want him to do. Letting everyone in the room know that his next actions are at my command, not Dominic Sinclair’s. 
“Oh,” Cora says, her voice a little breathless with awe and surprise next to me. “Oh, so this is …the one you were talking about, Ella…” 
“Dominic,” my mom snaps, and from the corner of my eye I see her rise to her feet. 
My dad stills just a second before turning towards her. Slowly, she shakes her head. “You’re making the wrong assumptions, Dominic,” she says, her words cold and filled with warning. “That boy did not hurt Ariel, he saved her. Jackson is the one who carried her across the finish line – he’s her mate.” 
My dad goes absolutely rigid with shock as I turn to stare at my mom. 
Because as my father’s growl fills the air and he turns his murderous gaze back to Jackson, I am desperately, deeply unsure that that was the right thing to reveal in this moment. 
###Chapter 114
Chapter 114
Chapter 0219 
Jackson’s eyes go wide for a second with worry as my dad focuses singularly on him and takes one single, dangerous step in his direction. 
“Dominic!” my mother snaps, and then she’s moving quickly between my dad and my mate, turning and holding a hand up in front of my father’s face. “Think about what you’re doing right now, let alone the impression you’re making!” 
The growl dies in my father’s throat as he blinks, hard and refocuses on my mom. “The…the impression? Ella, this man’s scent is all over our child, he’s claiming her as his mate, and you want me to worry about first impressions!?” 
“Dominic,” mom murmurs, stepping closer and shocking me by laughing a little bit. Slowly she stands on her tiptoes and takes his face in her hands. “Don’t you get it? He didn’t claim her as his mate – the Goddess fated them. And if I know my daughter as well as I think I do, then I’d be willing to bet a lot of money that Ariel had more to do with this than poor Jackson did.” 
Dad stares at mom for a long moment before turning to look at me. 
I just shrug, feeling awkward and…well, old. Because my entire life I’ve been dad’s little girl, and now here I am…introducing him to my mate. 
Suddenly overwhelmed, my eyes fill with tears. “Yeah,” I say, shrugging again, not knowing what to do. “I’ve…I’ve known since the first day as a candidate, dad. I told Jackson… yesterday.” 
My lip trembles as my dad stares at me, shocked, and I can’t help the tears that start to slip down my cheeks. I also don’t miss the three steps forward that Jackson takes towards me before Rafe grabs his arm, hauling him back. 
“Be nice to him, dad,” I squeak out. “He’s…he’s really nice, okay?” 
Dad stares at me for a long, long moment before he lets out a long, long groan, covering his face with his hands and tilting his head back towards the ceiling. Aunt Cora scooches closer to me, giving me a quick hug and then wiping the tears from my cheeks, whispering that it’s all right. 
I nod to her, understanding, but still feeling overwhelmed. I keep my eyes on the four people standing in the room. 
Jackson and Rafe stand still, waiting for my dad to decide what he’s going to do next. Mom 
steps close to dad, wrapping an arm around his waist and waiting patiently until he drops his hands from his face, folding his arms around her and sighing deeply before looking 
down at her. 
“I wasn’t ready for this today, Ella,” he murmurs, glancing back at me. “I wasn’t ready for our little girl to grow up.” 
“Well, we’ve still got the meatball,” she murmurs, pointing at Rafe. I laugh, unable to help it, as Rafe scowls. He hates his nickname. “He hasn’t left us yet. And Markie and Juniper. Or Ariel – not really.” She smiles at him. “Kids grow. It’s what they do.” She stands on her toes. “It’s a good day, Dominic.” 
Dad presses a kiss to her mouth and then nods once, sighing again. “A good day.” Then he turns to me and holds a hand out. Cora helps me stand and then I wheel my little IV over to my dad’s side, slipping my hand in his as the three of us turn to face Jackson, who suddenly looks completely freaked out. 
I smirk, a little tickled by the idea that he was ready to take on my dad when dad was about to slash him to pieces. But meeting my father in a calm, pleasant way? He looks ready to bolt. 
“All right, Ariel,” dad murmurs, his voice grumbling as he squeezes my hand in his. ” Introduce me to your young man.” 
And so I do. 
Introductions are quick, largely formal, and a little awkward, with dad shaking Jackson’s hand and asking him some questions about who he is, what he’s studying, how we met. Jackson’s face gets redder and redder as he stumbles through the interrogation, and I’m basically melting with second– hand embarrassment, but Rafe saves me. 
One look at Rafe’s wide grin, at the way he watches Jackson with a little bit of good- humored delight at how horribly awkward he’s being, and I burst into laughter. 
Mom and Rafe start laughing too, and dad looks down at me with surprise as I shake my head at him and move to Jackson’s side, slipping my hand into my mate’s and giving it a squeeze. “Dad, please, you’re killing him, all right?” 
###Chapter 115
Chapter 115
Chapter 0220 
Dad stares at me and then up at Jackson again. “What?” he asks. “I was just being polite 
(( 
“Jacks is…not great with polite,” I say, pressing myself warmly to his side. “Actually, I think he’d probably rather fight you than do the small talk thing.” 
Jackson scowls, already coming back to himself a little. “Ari, I don’t want to fight him –” 
– 
“I know,” I say, nodding and smiling up into his face. “Just can we all maybe take a bit of space? Try this again over midwinter, maybe over dinner?” 
“Or an activity,” Rafe suggests, knowing that even a dinner might be a bit much for Jacks. ” Or a great, great deal of whiskey – barrels of it.” 
“Enough,” dad snaps good–heartedly at Rafe, waving a dismissive hand at all of us as he turns away. “Fine, fine! We’ll do it all later! I need much more information anyway.” 
? 
I grin after him as he walks to the bed with mom at his side, and then I grin between Jacks and Rafe. 
“You did great, Jacks,” I whisper, supportive. 
“I didn’t…say anything,” he murmurs, glancing after my parents. “Besides, like, my name – 
“But you did that so well,” Rafe says with humorous condescension, patting him on his shoulder with a laugh. I laugh too and Jackson gives a tentative smile, I think giving into it. 
Jacks opens his mouth, I think to ask a question, but the door opens again – suddenly, I long for a lock on it – and a professor I don’t recognize comes into the room. 
“Um,” he says, looking around, a clipboard in his hand. “I’m looking for Cadets Sinclair, McClintock, and Clark?” 
Rafe steps hastily in front of me, asking whether the professor is looking for Jesse or Rafe Sinclair, and in the intervening moment Jackson hands me his cap, which was apparently tucked into his back pocket. Hastily, I loop my hair up onto my head and whip the cap on top. It’s too big, but, in a pinch, it works. 
When the professor reveals that he’s looking for Rafe Sinclair, Rafe glances back at me and then nods to him, letting him know that we’re all here. 
“Oh, good,” the professor says, looking anxiously over at the King, Queen, and Duchess 
standing quietly together by the bed, perhaps wondering what the hell is going on. But he doesn’t say anything about that, instead clearing his throat and consulting his paper. 
“Well,” he says with a sigh, “the three of you have been marked as passing the Examination 
I squeal suddenly with delight, throwing myself into Jackon’s arms. He laughs with me, turning me in a circle, giving me a big hug. When we go all the way around before we see the professor at the door giving us a strange look. Jackson just clears his throat and awkwardly lowers me to the floor. 
“So,” my mother says, interrupting as the professor starts speaking again. “It’s not an issue that Cadet…Clark…” here she glances at me, and inwardly I cringe at how obvious she’s being, “was carried wounded over the finish line?” 
“No, highness,” the professor says, giving her a deferential bow. “The rules are to cross the finish line, full stop. I think,” he glances at my dad here, “they were written that way with this express situation in mind.” 
My mouth falls open a bit as I realize that my dad knew this all along because he wrote the rule book – that it’s not a surprise to him, at all, that I’ve passed. 
Dad catches my glare and just gives me a little shrug, telling me to deal with it. I roll my eyes 
at him but let it pass – he’s had a stressful day too. 
The professor continues. “Sinclair and McClintock have been given orders to return to the Academy tonight,” he says, lowering the clipboard to his side. “Though Clark has been given special permission to stay overnight to ensure that there are no complications to his injuries. Though…” 
He hesitates, not finishing and looking at me strangely because obviously I’m standing before him perfectly hale. I just shrug, not explaining anything. 
“Absolutely not,” Jackson growls, stepping forward towards the professor. “I am not leaving Clark here alone.” 
The professor steps back, shocked by the defiance and the aggression in Jackson’s eyes.
###Chapter 116
Chapter 116
“Well, that’s enough of that,” my mother says with perfect calm, standing and catching Jackson’s eye. He freezes for a moment and then steps back, sta 
Mom, ever–charming, turns a smile on the professor and thanks him for the news, ensuring him that Sinclair and McClintock will follow in a few minutes to be transported back. When the professor leaves, mom turns back to Jacks with an eyebrow raised 
“You’re going to have to get better at that,” she says quietly, gesturing towards the door. ” If Ari is going to return to the Academy, you’re going to have to not acing all mate–y whenever someone comes to deliver perfectly normal news 
“She’s not going back,” my dad says, stepping towards my mom with a glare. 
Mom’s mouth pops open in surprise but then they begin to fight, the way they always do with a great deal of heat and talking over each other. But Rafe a 
“Oooookay,” Aunt Cora says, stepping away from the bed and coming over to us. “Why don’t I walk the two of you out,” she says, nodding to the big Alph either side of me.” Ariel will – ” 
“I’m not leaving,” Jackson says, frowning at Cora and reaching a possessive hand for me. 
“Oh, sweetheart,” she says, grinning up at him and reaching a hand out to pat him fondly on the cheek, an action which I think shocks Jackson to the cor still, staring at Cora as she beams at him. “Yes, baby,” she sighs, “you are. Kiss your mate and come along.” 
She takes his hand then, tugging on it, and Jackson looks at me a bit helplessly – I think as shocked at being bossed by a woman as he is at having someone call him sweetheart and baby. I step close, reaching for him, and Jacks quic 
“I’ll be fine – I’ll see you tomorrow,” I nod at him, eager. 
“Ari,” he says, hesitating, looking at me like I’m going to die or disappear if he leaves the 
room. 
“Jacks,” I say, taking his face in my hands, sending all the faith and assurance I can down our bond. “We have to be normal, all right? Just… just for a little bit? I’ll see you at school.” 
He sighs, shaking his head, but Cora tugs his hand again and he goes along with her, 
sending me looks over his shoulder as he heads for the door. 
“Take care of him,” I say to Rafe, catching at his hand as he, too, goes. 
Rafe nods his assurance to me, but as Jackson and Cora sl*p through the door dad calls out his name. “Where do you think you’re going?” he asks, crossing his arms over his chest, breaking the argument with my mother to apparently start one with Rafe. 
“Um,” Rafe says, going stock–still in the middle of the room. “To…school?” 
“Think again, young man,” my dad says, striding for the door and slamming it shut. “Royal dispensation – you, too, are staying overnight. Because we as a family?” he levels his gaze at both of us in turn. “We need to talk.” 
Rafe heaves a big sigh, closing the door after Cora takes an unhappy Jackson away.
As the next few hours pass, I’m very willing to let Rafe take the majority of the blame as well as dad’s anger. Food is brought, which I eat ravenously, and 
LL
###Chapter 117
Chapter 117
Chapter 0222 
And so I just curl up against mom at the head of the bed, listening to my dad and my brother fight about whether or not I should be at the school, and wh 
“Come on, baby,” I hear mom murmur from my half daze. I blink into consciousness, realizing that dad and Rafe are still going at it, and then I look up at 
I nod, following her to the second door in the room, yawning as we pass through it and a few more doors before we enter a pretty utilitarian private bathin dyed her hair black, too, in a fit of rebellion. 
I smirk, thinking fondly of my taciturn little sister, missing her with a sudden intensity that surprises me. But I dry off with a scratchy towel and then pull on the supplied one–size–fits- all–Alpha pajamas – which, obviously, swim on me. But mom laughs and helps me pull the drawstring of the pants tight before leading me out into the hospital room again an 
Dad and Rafe, I’m interested to see, have fallen silent and aren’t looking at each other. 
“So,” mom says, overly cheerful. “Did we men come to any decisions about Ariel’s fate in the world without consulting her?” 
Rafe balks a little bit, staring at my mom, because he has been fighting for me for the past few hours. She just winks at him, because the critique was mo 
“Enough, Ella,” dad murmurs, massaging his temple with his left hand. “We decided to pick it up again tomorrow, after we’ve all slept on it. We’re not get 
“Wow, you’re kidding me, I thought you were making such progress,” mom murmurs with over–cheerful sarcasm as she tucks me into bed. Dad just glares at her half– heartedly before turning to me, leaning down to give me a k*ss on the cheek and then run his hand over my 
hair. 
“I love you, Ariel,” he says, and I look up at him, hoping he can see in my face all the love I 
so much that it aches. His face falls a little then, and I smile, have for him in my heart because I think he sees it. “I just want what’s best for you.” 
– 
“I know, pops,” I murmur, reaching for him, wanting a hug. Dad obliges me, wrapping me up tight for a long, long moment. And then he lets me lay back 
“We’ll see you for breakfast, baby,” mom whispers, also leaning down to give me a k*ss. ” You just sleep tight for now.” 
I murmur my assent, and then I’m asleep, the last thing I hear three sets of footsteps leaving the room, my brother’s whispered goodnight as he switches 
###Chapter 118
Chapter 118
Chapter 0223 
When I wake up the next morning or, at least, I think it’s morning – it’s not like this weird mountainous hospital room has windows – I smile, because I smell Jackson. 
But then I frown, rubbing at my eyes, because… 
I mean, I took a shower. His scent wouldn’t be all over me anymore, so why… 
But then, when I follow my nose and peer over the side of my bed, I burst into a smile because I have my answer. 
Jackson’s laying there, on a way–too– small mattress of all things, dead asleep. I grin, looking at him, wondering how the hell he got here and why he’s not back at the Academy yet, but… 
Well, also, I just look at him. Because he’s so damn handsome, even with his mouth hanging open and his arm splayed out to the side, and so incredibly precious to me, even though we’ve only been bonded for less than two days. 
Before I can stop myself, I crawl out of bed and drop down onto his mattress, curling up at his side with my head on his chest. Jackson jumps the mome 
I laugh. “Good morning to you too.” 
“Yeah yeah,” he mutters, and I can almost feel him rolling his eyes at my insistence on a greeting. “How are you? Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine,” I say, though my stomach instantly growls in response. “Starving, but fine.” Jackson frowns down at me and starts to sit up, like he’s going to g 
My mate lays back down and exhales like he’s exhausted, but also like everything, in this moment, is… completely fine. Which, honestly, is precisely how I feel. 
After a few long minutes of just holding each other, our breathing slowly coming to match, our heartbeats synching up, I raise my chin to look up at him. “ 
He laughs a little. “I’m not at school because I refused to go.” 
“What!?” I squeak, sitting up to stare at him. He tightens his arms, making me lay back down and relax. 
“I wouldn’t go,” he says, as if it’s simple. “I wouldn’t leave without you. The professors got pissed, but what are they going to do, carry me? I’m bigger tha 
“Jackson,” I breathe, staring at him. “One night with me in the hospital is not worth getting 
kicked out of school 
“I’m not getting kicked out,” he says, his voice completely unworried. “I’m just getting at demerit on my record.” 
“What’s a demerit?” I ask, fascinated, worried. 
“Who knows. Who cares.” He peers at me for a second. “Ari, I’m like… very good at this military stuff. They’re not going to kick me out and lose everything I can offer just because I slept in the wrong facility one night. I haven 
“I don’t like you arrogant,” I murmur, giving him a little smack on his chest that makes him laugh. “You have to follow the rules, Jacks you don’t get a free
– 
“Oh, look who’s talking about rule breaking, little girl,” he mutters, his voice dry. And I go still but then burst out laughing. 
“Okay, I’m properly shamed on that one,” I sigh, putting my head back on his chest. “But, where did you get the mattress?” 
“Your mom did that,” he says, and I can hear the smile in his voice. “She found me curled up outside your locked door – ” 
“Jackson!” I gasp. He just grins down at me. 
“She pulled me to my feet and yelled at me a little-” 
“Which you deserved –” I say, my brow furrowed. 
“Yes, she looked just like that,” he murmurs, raising a hand– to cup my cheek and making me grin. “But then, while she yelled at me, she dragged me off to where they keep the spare furniture and helped me carry 
###Chapter 119
Chapter 119
Chapter 0224 
He points to the end of my bed and I see my black Cadet uniform there, along with some folded pieces of paper. I grin, encouraged by the sight of my Academy Black, hoping to hell this means my dad will let me go. 
I mean, I’m an adult now – my 
my decisions are mine. But, if he really doesn’t want me to go he can absolutely blow my cover and just let the school know that I’m a girl. I scowl, hating 
“Are you coming to breakfast?” I ask, looking down at Jackson. 
“Hell no,” he says, shaking his head like I’m crazy. I laugh, grinning at him. 
“One conversation with my dad was enough?” 
“I need… a great deal of prep before the next time that I sit down with your father,” he murmurs, covering his face with his hand and taking a deep breath. “That wa 
“He was being nice to you!” I laugh. 
“Ari,” Jackson murmurs, shaking his head even as he refuses to look at me, “I have a very different relationship with men in positions of authority- yester 
“But it’s my dad,” I say, frowning down at him. 
“Yeah,” he says, taking his hand away with a sigh and looking up at me. “We don’t have those.” 
“Oh, Jackson,” I sigh, lowering myself to his side and curling up with him again. “We’ll get Rafe to have some chats with you to teach you how to handle 
“Tell the king to be nice,” he mutters, shaking his head in disbelief. “And he’ll just…listen to you.” 
“Obey my orders, more like,” I mutter, smug, and he just laughs. 
We lay still for a long time after that, chatting about nothing, when suddenly the door opens. I sit up straight with a gasp, but then relax when I see that it’s just my mom. 
“Oh,” she says, coming around the bed and peering a us with her hands on her hips. “Well, this is very chaste. You’re just… laying next to each other. Honestly, Ariel, I’m a little 
disappointed in you –” 
“Mom!” I gasp, horrified at her implications that Jackson and I would be, like, tearing into 
each other. 
“Well, you’re my daughter, Ariel!” She says with a big sigh. 
I shriek, covering my ears. “Far too much information, mother!” I shout, pressing my eyes shut, wishing to erase that information from my brain.
But before I can complete the task, my mom comes close and swats me on the head, laughing, before offering a hand out to Jackson. 
“Come on, you,” she says, smiling at him, and when I look up at her I can see that she’s already welcomed Jacks into her heart completely and is deeply mate. ” King’s up. You have to run off to school before he finds out where you slept tonight.” 
“Yes, ma’am,” Jackson says, taking her hand but not really using it to get up, instead pulling 
himself to his own feet. 
“Why aren’t the rest of you this polite?” mom asks, grinning at me as Jackson stands. 
“Can you just yell at her or something?” I say to Jackson, turning my face up to his. “This is going to get old real fast.” 
Jackson just looks at me, horrified at the idea. Mom laughs and stands on her toes to pat him on the cheek. “Off you go. Ariel will be along later today.” 
– 
Jackson says his goodbyes to my shock and after I get to my feet he leans down to k*ss me chastely on the cheek before he goes from the room, again 
“Seriously, Ari,” mom says when he closes the door behind him. “I kinda thought I’d be interrupting a major romantic scene this morning.” 
“Well, you sort of were,” I sigh, looking over at her, and she smiles at me, tugging me close. “Just…the tamer sort.” 
“Go on, baby trouble,” she murmurs, pressing a k*ss to my other cheek. “Get dressed. We need to talk before breakfast, and we don’t have a lot of time.”
###Chapter 120
Chapter 120
Chapter 0225 
As mom sits down on the bed with a bounce as I quickly read through my notes – one from Daphne, apologizing profusely for her betrayal, and the other from Luca – just a quick scrawl saying he’s glad I’m alive and he’ll see me soon. Smiling, grateful for both of them, I move towards my clothes. 
“So!” Mom says, grinning devilishly at me. “Are you sleeping with both of your mates, or just Luca?” 
I freeze, turning to her, shocked. 
Mom bursts out laughing and I scowl, picking up the hat on the top of my clothing pile and throwing it at her. “Mom! Stop doing that just to shock me!” 
“Oh, come on,” she sighs, laying back against my pillows. “What’s the point of having a daughter if you can’t embarrass her about her love life. So?” She 
And, well, because I have been wanting to talk to her about this, I sigh and nod. But I have trouble looking at her as we broach this awkward topic, so I c me any flack about it. 
“I’m not sleeping with either of them,” I say quietly. “Though, with Luca, things are… progressing.” 
“Oh realllly,” she says, dragging out the word with interest. “But not with Jackson?” “Well, considering that he’s known for like, thirty– six hours…” I say on a sigh, pulling on my pants. My mom laughs, understanding. 
“But…” I hesitate as I buckle the button of my pants. “Things with Jackson are… intense.” “Intense?” my mom asks, “what does that mean?” Her voice is gossipy – I think to put me at ease. Because if she were worried, or scolding, I’d definitely be too embarrassed to go on. “I mean like… I am very attracted to him, different.” I look up at her before I turn my back, tugging off the pajama – I very shirt and reaching for the black sports bra that Daphne made me. I smirk, wondering how she arranged to send this all in secret. 
“Well,” mom says, her voice considering, “I think that’s kind of… cool, honestly. It sounds like things are different between you and your mates because they’re very different people. I 
spicy. 
I scoff and turn to glare at my mom as I pull the sports bra down over my chest. “Oh, come on, mom, I sincerely doubt that the Goddess is paying attent 
“I wouldn’t doubt her,” mom says, raising her eyebrows and cocking her head. “But I think Cora was right – your dad is actually the one to be talking to about this.” 
I groan, shaking my head. “Mom, I can’t talk to him about which of his fated mates he was more into physically.” 
“Well,” she says, primly squaring her shoulders. “We already know the answer to that.” 
I burst out laughing and she joins me. 
“But seriously, baby,” she says, her face falling into more considered lines. “Your dad is more empathetic about this stuff than you give him credit for. You 
I sigh, nodding, and then look down at my feet as I bite my l*p.
“Don’t worry,” mom says with a sigh. “I’ll tell him before you get home.” 
I gasp, wondering if she, too, can read my mind. “You will!?” 
“I’ll keep it secret through your finals so that he’ll let you stay to take them,” she says, pointing a warning finger at me. “But you bring those boys home f especially after all this deception.” 
I bite my l*p, knowing that this conversation could go in two different directions, and not wanting to take either of them. Luckily, mom picks for me. 
“Yes, Ari,” she says slowly. “This means you have to tell both of your mates too. I don’t know how you’ve been justifying it to yourself, keeping this secret to everyone you love.” 
I nod, ashamed of myself, and my little wolf rubs herself up against my heart, warming it, supporting me. “I know,” I say, my voice soft. “It was just… very hard to find a time that made sense. But I’ll…I’ll tell them. And bring them home for winter break.” 
“Both of them?” 
“Well, Rafe might have to tie Jackson up and throw him on the train,” I say, lifting my head to meet her gaze. She grins, but holds back her laugh. “But, y 
“Good!” mom says, hopping up off the bed as I pull my shirt on and do up all the buttons.. She comes to my side and gives me a k*ss on the cheek. “Now
###Chapter 121
Chapter 121
Chapter 0221 
“Well, that’s enough of that,” my mother says with perfect calm, standing and catching Jackson’s eye. He freezes for a moment and then steps back, standing up straight again. 
Mom, ever–charming, turns a smile on the professor and thanks him for the news, ensuring him that Sinclair and McClintock will follow in a few minutes to be transported back. When the professor leaves, mom turns back to Jacks with an eyebrow raised. 
“You’re going to have to get better at that,” she says quietly, gesturing towards the door. ” If Ari is going to return to the Academy, you’re going to have to keep her secret, which means not acing all mate–y whenever someone comes to deliver perfectly normal news 
“She’s not going back,” my dad says, stepping towards my mom with a glare. 
Mom’s mouth pops open in surprise but then they begin to fight, the way they always do with a great deal of heat and talking over each other. But Rafe and I just look away from them and towards each other, used to it, because it all turns out right in the end. 
“Oooookay,” Aunt Cora says, stepping away from the bed and coming over to us. “Why don’t I walk the two of you out,” she says, nodding to the big Alphas on either side of me.” Ariel will – ” 
“I’m not leaving,” Jackson says, frowning at Cora and reaching a possessive hand for me. 
“Oh, sweetheart,” she says, grinning up at him and reaching a hand out to pat him fondly on the cheek, an action which I think shocks Jackson to the core. He stands stock–still, staring at Cora as she beams at him. “Yes, baby,” she sighs, “you are. Kiss your mate and come along.” 
She takes his hand then, tugging on it, and Jackson looks at me a bit helplessly – I think as shocked at being bossed by a woman as he is at having someone call him sweetheart and baby. I
step close, reaching for him, and Jacks quickly lowers his head, pressing a quick kiss to my mouth. “I don’t want to go,” he murmurs. 
“I’ll be fine – I’ll see you tomorrow,” I nod at him, eager. 
“Ari,” he says, hesitating, looking at me like I’m going to die or disappear if he leaves the 
room. 
“Jacks,” I say, taking his face in my hands, sending all the faith and assurance I can down our bond. “We have to be normal, all right? Just…just for a little bit? I’ll see you at school.” 
He sighs, shaking his head, but Cora tugs his hand again and he goes along with her, 
sending me looks over his shoulder as he heads for the door. 
“Take care of him,” I say to Rafe, catching at his hand as he, too, goes. 
Rafe nods his assurance to me, but as Jackson and Cora slip through the door dad calls out his name. “Where do you think you’re going?” he asks, crossing his arms over his chest, breaking the argument with my mother to apparently start one with Rafe. 
“Um,” Rafe says, going stock–still in the middle of the room. “To…school?” 
“Think again, young man,” my dad says, striding for the door and slamming it shut. “Royal dispensation – you, too, are staying overnight. Because we as a family?” he levels his gaze at both of us in turn. “We need to talk.” 
Rafe heaves a big sigh, closing the door after Cora takes an unhappy Jackson away. 
As the next few hours pass, I’m very willing to let Rafe take the majority of the blame as well as dad’s anger. Food is brought, which I eat ravenously, and Rafe sends me a few chagrined looks as
the interrogation passes, but overall I know he takes it willingly that he knows that I’m exhausted, and that it’s already been a lot for me, today, to stand up to dad and introduce him to my mate. 
LL 
###Chapter 122
Chapter 122
Chapter 0222 
And so I just curl up against mom at the head of the bed, listening to my dad and my brother fight about whether or not I should be at the school, and what the hell Rafe was thinking taking me there, and how I’ve survived so far. I can hear Rafe supplying information that Jackson told when they were away at the shower, apparently, about the identity of the cadet who shot me with a crossbow and whether or not he has a further vendetta against me, but I quickly find myself slipping into sleep as I lean against mom. 
“Come on, baby,” I hear mom murmur from my half daze. I blink into consciousness, realizing that dad and Rafe are still going at it, and then I look up at mom next to me. “Let’s get you cleaned up,” she says, unhooking me from the IV and tugging me away. 
I nod, following her to the second door in the room, yawning as we pass through it and a few more doors before we enter a pretty utilitarian private bathing chamber. She helps me strip down and then I shower as mom fills me in, quietly and calmingly, on the gossip from home. Markie is fine he doesn’t like school, loves sports, wants a pet squirrel more than anything in the world. Juniper hates everything, apparently, and won’t wear anything but black dyed her hair black, too, in a fit of rebellion. 
I smirk, thinking fondly of my taciturn little sister, missing her with a sudden intensity that surprises me. But I dry off with a scratchy towel and then pull on the supplied one–size–fits- all–Alpha pajamas – which, obviously, swim on me. But mom laughs and helps me pull the drawstring of the pants tight before leading me out into the hospital room again and back to the bed. 
Dad and Rafe, I’m interested to see, have fallen silent and aren’t looking at each other. 
“So,” mom says, overly cheerful. “Did we men come to any decisions about Ariel’s fate in the world without consulting her?” 
Rafe balks a little bit, staring at my mom, because he has been fighting for me for the past few hours. She just winks at him, because the critique was mostly for my dad. 
“Enough, Ella,” dad murmurs, massaging his temple with his left hand. “We decided to pick it up again tomorrow, after we’ve all slept on it. We’re not getting anything done here anyway.” 
“Wow, you’re kidding me, I thought you were making such progress,” mom murmurs with over– cheerful sarcasm as she tucks me into bed. Dad just glares at her half–heartedly before turning to me, leaning down to give me a kiss on the cheek and then run his hand over my 
hair. 
“I love you, Ariel,” he says, and I look up at him, hoping he can see in my face all the love I 
so much that it aches. His face falls a little then, and I smile, have for him in my heart because I think he sees it. “I just want what’s best for you.” 
– 
“I know, pops,” I murmur, reaching for him, wanting a hug. Dad obliges me, wrapping me up tight for a long, long moment. And then he lets me lay back down in the bed, standing up. As soon as my head hits the pillow, my eyes start to drift shut. 
“We’ll see you for breakfast, baby,” mom whispers, also leaning down to give me a kiss. ” You just sleep tight for now.” 
I murmur my assent, and then I’m asleep, the last thing I hear three sets of footsteps leaving the room, my brother’s whispered goodnight as he switches off the light. 
###Chapter 123
Chapter 123
Chapter 0223 
When I wake up the next morning or, at least, I think it’s morning – it’s not like this weird mountainous hospital room has windows – I smile, because I smell Jackson. 
But then I frown, rubbing at my eyes, because… 
I mean, I took a shower. His scent wouldn’t be all over me anymore, so why… 
But then, when I follow my nose and peer over the side of my bed, I burst into a smile because I have my answer. 
Jackson’s laying there, on a way–too–small mattress of all things, dead asleep. I grin, looking at him, wondering how the hell he got here and why he’s not back at the Academy yet, but… 
Well, also, I just look at him. Because he’s so damn handsome, even with his mouth hanging open and his arm splayed out to the side, and so incredibly precious to me, even though we’ve only been bonded for less than two days. 
Before I can stop myself, I crawl out of bed and drop down onto his mattress, curling up at his side with my head on his chest. Jackson jumps the moment I touch him, but he instantly calms when he realizes what happened. “Don’t scare me like that,” he murmurs, instantly wrapping his arms around me and pulling me tight. 
I laugh. “Good morning to you too.” 
“Yeah yeah,” he mutters, and I can almost feel him rolling his eyes at my insistence on a greeting. “How are you? Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine,” I say, though my stomach instantly growls in response. “Starving, but fine.” Jackson frowns down at me and starts to sit up, like he’s going to go get me some food immediately, but I laugh and stop him with a hand on his chest. “Just stay still with me for a moment, Jacks,” I whisper, wanting nothing more than to have a peaceful few minutes with him before the rest of the world catches up with us. 
My mate lays back down and exhales like he’s exhausted, but also like everything, in this moment, is…completely fine. Which, honestly, is precisely how I feel. 
After a few long minutes of just holding each other, our breathing slowly coming to match, our heartbeats synching up, I raise my chin to look up at him. “Jacks,” I whisper, curious. ” Why aren’t you at school? And where did you get a mattress?” 
He laughs a little. “I’m not at school because I refused to go.” 
“What!?” I squeak, sitting up to stare at him. He tightens his arms, making me lay back down and relax. 
“I wouldn’t go,” he says, as if it’s simple. “I wouldn’t leave without you. The professors got pissed, but what are they going to do, carry me? I’m bigger than they are.” 
“Jackson,” I breathe, staring at him. “One night with me in the hospital is not worth getting 
kicked out of school 
“I’m not getting kicked out,” he says, his voice completely unworried. “I’m just getting at demerit on my record.” 
“What’s a demerit?” I ask, fascinated, worried. 
“Who knows. Who cares.” He peers at me for a second. “Ari, I’m like…very good at this military stuff. They’re not going to kick me out and lose everything I can offer just because I slept in the wrong facility one night. I haven’t done anything bad.” 
“I don’t like you arrogant,” I murmur, giving him a little smack on his chest that makes him laugh. “You have to follow the rules, Jacks you don’t get a free pass just because you’re big and nobody can boss you around.” 
– 
“Oh, look who’s talking about rule breaking, little girl,” he mutters, his voice dry. And I go still but then burst out laughing. 
“Okay, I’m properly shamed on that one,” I sigh, putting my head back on his chest. “But, where did you get the mattress?” 
“Your mom did that,” he says, and I can hear the smile in his voice. “She found me curled up outside your locked door – ” 
“Jackson!” I gasp. He just grins down at me. 
“She pulled me to my feet and yelled at me a little-” 
“Which you deserved –” I say, my brow furrowed. 
“Yes, she looked just like that,” he murmurs, raising a hand–to cup my cheek and making me grin. “But then, while she yelled at me, she dragged me off to where they keep the spare furniture and helped me carry this in here. And then she left your clothes and your notes and she left.” 
###Chapter 124
Chapter 124
Chapter 0224 
He points to the end of my bed and I see my black Cadet uniform there, along with some folded pieces of paper. I grin, encouraged by the sight of my Academy Black, hoping to hell this means my dad will let me go. 
I mean, I’m an adult now – my 
my decisions are mine. But, if he really doesn’t want me to go he can absolutely blow my cover and just let the school know that I’m a girl. I scowl, hating it, but also trusting, deep down, that my dad will listen. 
“Are you coming to breakfast?” I ask, looking down at Jackson. 
“Hell no,” he says, shaking his head like I’m crazy. I laugh, grinning at him. 
“One conversation with my dad was enough?” 
“I need…a great deal of prep before the next time that I sit down with your father,” he murmurs, covering his face with his hand and taking a deep breath. “That was terrifying.” 
“He was being nice to you!” I laugh. 
“Ari,” Jackson murmurs, shaking his head even as he refuses to look at me, “I have a very different relationship with men in positions of authority- yesterday I almost had a heart attack when I saw you yell at the King. Where I come from, you’d have been killed for that –” 
“But it’s my dad,” I say, frowning down at him. 
“Yeah,” he says, taking his hand away with a sigh and looking up at me. “We don’t have those.” 
“Oh, Jackson,” I sigh, lowering myself to his side and curling up with him again. “We’ll get Rafe to have some chats with you to teach you how to handle parents, and I’ll tell dad to be nice.” 
“Tell the king to be nice,” he mutters, shaking his head in disbelief. “And he’ll just…listen to you.” 
“Obey my orders, more like,” I mutter, smug, and he just laughs. 
We lay still for a long time after that, chatting about nothing, when suddenly the door opens. I sit up straight with a gasp, but then relax when I see that it’s just my mom. 
“Oh,” she says, coming around the bed and peering a us with her hands on her hips. “Well, this is very chaste. You’re just…laying next to each other. Honestly, Ariel, I’m a little 
disappointed in you –” 
“Mom!” I gasp, horrified at her implications that Jackson and I would be, like, tearing into 
each other. 
“Well, you’re my daughter, Ariel!” She says with a big sigh. 
I shriek, covering my ears. “Far too much information, mother!” I shout, pressing my eyes shut, wishing to erase that information from my brain. 
But before I can complete the task, my mom comes close and swats me on the head, laughing, before offering a hand out to Jackson. 
“Come on, you,” she says, smiling at him, and when I look up at her I can see that she’s already welcomed Jacks into her heart completely and is deeply, deeply fond of my mate. ” King’s up. You have to run off to school before he finds out where you slept tonight.” 
“Yes, ma’am,” Jackson says, taking her hand but not really using it to get up, instead pulling 
himself to his own feet. 
“Why aren’t the rest of you this polite?” mom asks, grinning at me as Jackson stands. 
“Can you just yell at her or something?” I say to Jackson, turning my face up to his. “This is going to get old real fast.” 
Jackson just looks at me, horrified at the idea. Mom laughs and stands on her toes to pat him on the cheek. “Off you go. Ariel will be along later today.” 
– 
Jackson says his goodbyes to my shock and after I get to my feet he leans down to kiss me chastely on the cheek before he goes from the room, again shooting looks over his shoulder at me like he desperately doesn’t want to leave my side. 
“Seriously, Ari,” mom says when he closes the door behind him. “I kinda thought I’d be interrupting a major romantic scene this morning.” 
“Well, you sort of were,” I sigh, looking over at her, and she smiles at me, tugging me close. “Just… the tamer sort.” 
“Go on, baby trouble,” she murmurs, pressing a kiss to my other cheek. “Get dressed. We need to talk before breakfast, and we don’t have a lot of time.” 
###Chapter 125
Chapter 125
Chapter 0225 
As mom sits down on the bed with a bounce as I quickly read through my notes – one from Daphne, apologizing profusely for her betrayal, and the other from Luca – just a quick scrawl saying he’s glad I’m alive and he’ll see me soon. Smiling, grateful for both of them, I move towards my clothes. 
“So!” Mom says, grinning devilishly at me. “Are you sleeping with both of your mates, or just Luca?” 
I freeze, turning to her, shocked. 
Mom bursts out laughing and I scowl, picking up the hat on the top of my clothing pile and throwing it at her. “Mom! Stop doing that just to shock me!” 
“Oh, come on,” she sighs, laying back against my pillows. “What’s the point of having a daughter if you can’t embarrass her about her love life. So?” She raises her eyebrows at me, clearly wanting an answer. 
And, well, because I have been wanting to talk to her about this, I sigh and nod. But I have trouble looking at her as we broach this awkward topic, so I concentrate, mostly, on getting dressed as we talk. Mom, perhaps sensing the delicate nature of this conversation, doesn’t give me any flack about it. 
“I’m not sleeping with either of them,” I say quietly. “Though, with Luca, things are… progressing.” 
“Oh realllly,” she says, dragging out the word with interest. “But not with Jackson?” “Well, considering that he’s known for like, thirty–six hours…” I say on a sigh, pulling on my pants. My mom laughs, understanding. 
“But…” I hesitate as I buckle the button of my pants. “Things with Jackson are…intense.” “Intense?” my mom asks, “what does that mean?” Her voice is gossipy – I think to put me at ease. Because if
she were worried, or scolding, I’d definitely be too embarrassed to go on. “I mean like… I am very attracted to him, mom. And it’s not that I’m not into Luca much am. It’s just…different.” I look up at her before I turn my back, tugging off the pajama – I very shirt and reaching for the black sports bra that Daphne made me. I smirk, wondering how she arranged to send this all in secret. 
“Well,” mom says, her voice considering, “I think that’s kind of…cool, honestly. It sounds like things are different between you and your mates because they’re very different people. I 
spicy. 
I scoff and turn to glare at my mom as I pull the sports bra down over my chest. “Oh, come on, mom, I sincerely doubt that the Goddess is paying attention, with all she has on her plate.” 
“I wouldn’t doubt her,” mom says, raising her eyebrows and cocking her head. “But I think Cora was right – your dad is actually the one to be talking to about this.” 
I groan, shaking my head. “Mom, I can’t talk to him about which of his fated mates he was more into physically.” 
“Well,” she says, primly squaring her shoulders. “We already know the answer to that.” 
I burst out laughing and she joins me. 
“But seriously, baby,” she says, her face falling into more considered lines. “Your dad is more empathetic about this stuff than you give him credit for. You should try. He’ll have a better perspective than literally anyone else on earth.” 
I sigh, nodding, and then look down at my feet as I bite my lip. 
“Don’t worry,” mom says with a sigh. “I’ll tell him before you get home.” 
I gasp, wondering if she, too, can read my mind. “You will!?” 
“I’ll keep it secret through your finals so that he’ll let you stay to take them,” she says, pointing a warning finger at me. “But you bring those boys home for winter break, both of them. And your dad will be prepared to meet them. But you owe him that truth – especially after all this deception.” 
I bite my lip, knowing that this conversation could go in two different directions, and not wanting to take either of them. Luckily, mom picks for me. 
“Yes, Ari,” she says slowly. “This means you have to tell both of your mates too. I don’t know how you’ve been justifying it to yourself, keeping this secret all along. But it’s time to come out with it – to everyone you love.” 
I nod, ashamed of myself, and my little wolf rubs herself up against my heart, warming it, supporting me. “I know,” I say, my voice soft. “It was just…very hard to find a time that made sense. But I’ll…I’ll tell them. And bring them home for winter break.” 
“Both of them?” 
“Well, Rafe might have to tie Jackson up and throw him on the train,” I say, lifting my head to meet her gaze. She grins, but holds back her laugh. “But, yes. I’ll get them there.” 
“Good!” mom says, hopping up off the bed as I pull my shirt on and do up all the buttons.. She comes to my side and gives me a kiss on the cheek. “Now, let’s go to breakfast and break it do your dad that you’re going back to the murder school where you’ve almost died like three times.” 
###Chapter 126
Chapter 126
Chapter 0226 
“Mom,” I say, catching her arm and stopping her before she heads to the door. “Are you… are you mad at me?” My voice breaks a little on my question, my eyes smarting with tears as I look at her, worried. 
“Oh, baby,” she murmurs, shock and concern suddenly on her face. “Why would you think that?” 
“Because,” I say, heaving a little shrug. “We we lied to you for months. And I did 
something really dangerous. And I almost died, and showed up all bloody with two mates and it must be so weird –” 
Mom laughs a little, taking my face between her hands and shaking her head at me. “Oh, sweetheart,” she murmurs, and then she nods. “If I’m being honest, I could have done without the blood and the near–death. But I’m not mad at you – sweetie, I’m proud of you.” 
My mouth twists in sudden surprise, and my eyes fill with unexpected tears. “You’re – you’re what?” 
“Baby,” she wraps me in a hug as she speaks, “you are doing something difficult that nobody has done before. And it’s kind of kicking your ass!” I laugh, tears slipping down my cheeks as I nod and hug her back. 
“Yeah,” I reply, my voice shaking. “It kind of is.” 
“But look at you,” she says, pulling back and beaming into my face. “Look at you, baby! You’re kicking its ass too! You are finding your way, doing something you’re passionate about, and you’re succeeding. Ariel, my love,” her own eyes fill with tears now, “I’m so proud of you. I’d scream it from the rooftops for everyone to hear if it wouldn’t get you instantly kicked out.” 
mu taare away 
I laugh, and hug my mom again, and then we take a few moments to wipe before we head off to breakfast. Before we go, I tuck the little notes left on my bed into the back pocket of my Cadet uniform and prepare to go negotiate with my dad, the King. 
Breakfast goes better than I thought it would, right from the start. It’s a short, unfrilled affair – just the four of us gathered around for coffee, and some toast and fruit, at a little folding table in the back hall. Cora isn’t here, unfortunately she headed home after patching up some minorly–wounded cadets and sending Jesse off with a kiss. 
As I pour my coffee, I realize that my mom has probably been up all night – that after I fell asleep she probably spent every minute rushing around from room to room, healing all the 
cadets who were injured in the Examination. I see the signs of it now that I look for them the slight circles under her eyes, the yawn she hides with her hand. 
But I just smile, and don’t call her out – because even though mom is full of jokes and would just brush it off, I know that she has the biggest heart of anyone in the world. 
I resolve, again – for the thousandth time to try to be more like her. 
“So,” dad says, his voice all business as he offers me the basket of toast, which I grab perhaps too eagerly, loading up my plate with a serving size that is more like Rafe’s usual breakfast than mine. “We’re going to strike a deal.” 
“We are?” I ask, crumbs spilling from my mouth as I speak with my mouth full. 
Rafe just smirks at me, and I give him a little glare before I chew and swallow, focusing on 
our dad. 
“Despite what you all think,” dad says, looking evenly around the table at us, “I do listen to you, and I am reasonable. I am not pleased with the fact that we were lied to, and that Ariel was put into an unnecessarily risky situation.” He levels his gaze at me now, and I sit up straighter, as I always do when I’m in trouble with dad. 
“But,” he continues, and I go very still, hope beginning to swell in me. Dad folds his hands, continuing to look at me evenly. “I am aware that yourself at this Academy, 
you have prov Ariel. You have…passed the tests that weeded out other candidates, tests that were as much about cleverness as they were physical prowess – about finding out how to pass, even if your physical makeup didn’t make that easy for you.” 
I frown a little bit here, my mind wandering to consider that I wouldn’t have been highly ranked enough to enter the academy or to pass the Examination if it hadn’t been for 
Jackson. That Jackson really did pull me through. 
no wrong with th 
Is there though? Is there a rule that every Cadet at the Academy must be a lone island of physical strength? Is there nothing useful about having good friends, and the right friends? 
My dad continues talking, though, and so I push the question aside to mull over later, uncomfortable with it but needing to concentrate. 
“So here’s what we’re going to do,” dad says, reaching out for an orange and beginning to peel it as he begins to lay out our plan. 
###Chapter 127
Chapter 127
Chapter 0227 
“There’s one last trial before you’re fully enrolled,” dad says slowly, peeling his orange in one long strip. “And that is your academic finals. If you pass those, then I won’t fight you on returning to the Academy.” 
I gasp, thrilled, leaning forward to thank my dad with all of my heart. 
– 
you 
“But!” dad says, holding up a finger. “I won’t have it a secret anymore. not from the officials, and not from your professors. At least, those you work with. If you pass your finals, we will have a word with each of your professors. And if they refuse to work with …” he shrugs, meeting my eyes. “I’m not going to force them, Ariel. And you shouldn’t seek to either. It is…too dangerous a world, to not be working with people who are betting against you.” 
I bite my lip, considering it quickly, my mind sweeping over the Captain, and Neumann, and Alvez. The last of the three, obviously rather indecently, if I’m being honest – does not have a problem with working with a young woman. But the other two… 
– 
“And,” dad continues, focusing on the fruit, “the boy who shot you – Wright? He has not yet gone through his tribunal for attempted murder –” 
My eyes go wide as I consider that…well, yeah. That Wright broke the rules when he shot me in the stomach. 
“So,” dad continues, flicking his eyes to me. “I want you taking no risks, Ariel. Your tests, and the room. Those are the only places I want you until we get that boy out of that school.” 
” 
“Okay,” I say suddenly, giving a terse nod. “Okay, I accept it.” 
“All right,” dad says, nodding seriously and looking down at his fruit and fighting his smile. 
I take a second to look around at Rafe and mom, who are both beaming at me with excitement, but then I can’t help it I’m up out of my seat with a shout joy and throwing myself at my dad, wrapping my arms around his neck. 
“Thank you, daddy,” I whisper, and a rush of warmth and joy runs through me when my dad wraps his big arms around me, hugging me back. “I love you so much.” 
“I believe in you, baby,” he says, pulling back to smile at my face, his own filled with a thousand emotions I couldn’t even begin to name. “I always knew you were tough, that you’d do big things. We’re…we’re very proud. You know that, right?” 
“Yeah, dad,” I say, grinning at him feeling so, so incredibly lucky to have him as my dad, 
and my mom as my mom, and my brother as my brother. “Don’t worry. I know.” 
“Good,” he says, setting me on my feet and gesturing towards the table. “Then eat up, because your marksmanship final is today, and you’ll need your strength.” 
“Today?” I gasp, my eyes going wide. “Wh–what!?” 
“Yup,” dad says, his mouth twisting up at the corner. “Part of the joy of Examination is the 
second surprise that immediately after it, your finals begin. Hope you studied, trouble.” 
– 
I look over at Rafe to see that his face is likewise pale. 
“Holy crap,” he says, his eyes meeting mine. “We – we have 
– we have to go.” 
I throw myself back into my seat and begin eating as fast as I can. Rafe matches my pace as I slurp down my coffee and stuff toast into my mouth along with strawberries, melon – 
whatever will fit. 
My parents just grin at each other over their plates, eating at a leisurely pace. 
I haul my butt up the final two flights of stairs to our level, my head hanging back on my neck, my eyes almost shut in my exhaustion. The past thirty–six hours… 
– 
I mean, honestly, the past ninety–six hours if we’re counting the examination – 
Or, wait 
is it seventy–six? Or one–twenty? I groan again, hating my brain for trying to do more math as I slog towards our bedroom door. God, I feel like my brain has gone through a meat grinder. 
The past day and a half has been insane with finals. Rafe and I barely showed up, via helicopter, in time for our afternoon tests. I burst into the marksmanship final panting, but on time, and the Captain shook his head at me but let me participate. I passed, of course – it’s my stronger of the my two examined subjects, and the Captain patted me on the back with a proud smile after it was done. 
I almost passed out, though, when I was told that my Chemistry examination was twenty- four hours later. That night I was a mess, trying to cram the entire textbook into my head. Jackson came by the room, of course, worried – but Rafe and I managed to convince him to go away, to let me study. I think it was only the sheer anxiety in my eyes that made him agree to it. And thank god Jesse wasn’t there when Jackson came – because I could not absolutely could not – manage any more revelations with this exam looming. 
###Chapter 128
Chapter 128
Chapter 0228 
I was similarly frantic that night in the dream state with Luca. He clasped me in his arms, desperate to hear my story, to know that I was safe. I told him, briefly, what happened, and then begged him to let me go, to sleep, because I absolutely could not turn my mind away from the Chemistry test I knew was waiting for me the next day. 
Luca kissed me so softly, so sweetly, and said of course that he’s rooting for me, and he can’t wait to see how well I do. And then we ended the dream with him wishing me the best of luck, though he assured me I didn’t need it. 
So, of course, I woke up just riddled with guilt. Because Luca – he’s been so, so sweet to me, and I am keeping a very real secret from him now. Somehow it was different when Jackson was just a mate a vague, unreal connection. But now that Jackson knows, and that we’ve acknowledged each other, and we’ve bonded? 
God, but it’s different. 
All of these thoughts and memories weigh me down as I head down the hallway to my door, as I twist the handle and push my way inside. 
Both Rafe and Jesse cheer the moment I step into the room, but their cheers fade awkwardly when they see how wrecked I am. 
“Oh, jeeze,” Jesse says, striding across the room and immediately shutting the door and wrapping an arm around my shoulders. “Honestly, Ariel, you looked better post- examination when you were all covered in blood.” 
“That’s because I had hope,” I moan, letting him lead me over to the couch, where Rafe is waiting with my favorite green blanket. As soon as I sit down he lays it over me, tucking it in at the sides. I smile up at my big brother, loving him. 
“Was it that bad?” Rafe asks, anxious, looking down as he stands next to me. “Did you fail?” 
“I don’t know,” I sigh, shaking my head. Because it certainly feels like I did. The test was… insane. But what happened before it? 
“I got…spooked,” I sigh, shaking my head. 
“What?” Jesse asks, confused as he sits down on the coffee table. 
“Well,” I say, looking between them and hesitating, because this news 
– 
they’re not going 
to be very happy about it. “The other cadets – they wouldn’t give me a test booklet, at first. Kept passing them to each other around me.” 
“What?” Rafe hisses, going still. 
I nod, looking down as I continue. “Neumann asked what was going on and one of the other cadets spoke up, saying that I failed the Examination and shouldn’t get to sit the exam.‘ 
Rafe and Jesse gape at me, appalled. I take their silence as the invitation it is, nodding and moving on. “They said I was carried over the line, that I rely on my…my royal connections. to get through, and apparently now on Jackson, and that I don’t belong here.” 
“What the fuck did Neumann say?” Jesse asks, already livid. 
“He took my side,” I say, raising my eyes and looking between them. “He slapped a test. booklet onto my desk and said that I didn’t break a single rule and just because none of them was clever enough to convince a bigger cadet to build them a chair, and declare them governor, and carry them over the finish line, it didn’t mean it was wrong for me to use my resources wisely.” 
I take a deep breath, carrying on. “And then, when they insisted it wasn’t fair, Neumann called them out. He said that if Jesse Sinclair,” I say, looking at my cousin significantly and letting him know that Neumann really did call him out by name, “had been carried bleeding across the finish line by the crown Prince that nobody would have countered it. That everyone would have called it noble, and applauded, and happily mark both of you as passing with flying colors” 
Rafe and Jesse go still, looking at each other before returning their gazes to me. “He’s right,” Rafe said, nodding solidly. “That’s exactly what would have happened. What happened next?” 
I sigh, shaking my head, wondering if I should even get into it. 
###Chapter 129
Chapter 129
Chapter 0229 
I sigh, shaking my head and moving on with it. “Neumann told all of my classmates that they were all being shitty people, that they were jealous, and that they were kidding themselves if they thought that trying to knock me out of the running because I’m physically the smallest and weakest was ever going to do them any favors, because they’re next on that list.” 
Rafe works hard to keep from bursting into laugher, so I do it for him. My brother and cousin join in, even as I shake my head. 
my 
“I mean,” I say with a shrug, “it was good to have him stand up for me but it’s all stuff I’ve been thinking this whole time, isn’t it? That I don’t belong here, that I’m too small, that I’ve literally only passed both the candidacy test and the examination because Jackson helped me with both. And it sucked to have my classmates say it out loud, to suggest that I shouldn’t even be allowed to take the Chem final.” 
“They just knew you were going to kick their ass in that too,” Jesse says, leaning forward to put a hand on my knee. “They are just jealous, Ari. This whole time they’ve been patting themselves on the back, telling themselves that they’re tougher than you, sneering at you saying you’d be the first to go. And here you fucking are, thriving.” 
“I know,” I sigh, looking between them. “But…I mean, I wouldn’t be thriving without Jackson. Or you two. I’d be dead.” 
“Neumann’s right,” Rafe says, sitting down in his chair and considering it. “There’s nothing in the rulebook that says you can’t rely on your friends to help you. Everyone just assumes you have to muscle through it all alone. When in fact, the best plan is probably to gather a strong group of
people with a lot of broad skills.” He smirks at Jesse and me.” Which is…kind of what we did. Which is cool, I think.” 
“Oh yeah, I’ve been so helpful to you two,” I say, sitting back with a sigh, still feeling kind 
crap about it all. 
of 
dia 
“You did help, Ari,” Jesse says, leaning forward with a warm smile. “You are the reason we met Daphne, the love of my life, who is obsessed with Rafe. So, thank you for my burgeoning heartbreak.” 
I laugh at my cousin, sensing his joke and his sarcasm. “Yeah, I introduced her, and then she poisoned us,” I groan, covering my face with my hands. 
“Yeah, we’re going to have to…see what else you can bring to the group, Ari,” Rafe says, 
obviously kidding and laughing along with us. 
The door opens, and Ben comes through, moaning in the same way I was. “I’m dead,” he mutters, shaking his head and leaving the door open behind him as he comes and slumps down on the couch next to me. “I am death, and I’ve departed my body, and now I’m a ghost. Can you see me? Am I corporeal?” 
Jesse grins at Ben and pats his knee too. “Your finals go as bad as Ari’s did?” 
Ben frowns and turns to look at me, considering. “Worse, by the looks of it.” 
“Did you fail?” I ask, anxious. He barely skirted through the Examination, I know, and my mom had to wound a broken wrist and a twisted ankle before sending him back here. That, combined with a failure… 
God, it could be close. 
“No way of knowing,” Ben sighs, resting his head back on the couch. “Hey, do we have any more of that wine that knocks you out for twenty–four hours? I could really use some of that 
now.” 
“Yes, can we get Daphne back up here?” I ask, looking longingly at the door, kind of wishing that she would come. I haven’t seen her yet since I’ve been back and I know she’s upset about her role in the Examination, that she thinks I’m mad at her. The two of us really need to take a minute to chat and renew our friendship. 
“Why don’t you go get her, Ari?” Rafe says, stretching his hands over his head. “Bring her up – tell her to bring real wine this time. Finals are over, after all, and it’s our last night here. We could use a little celebration.” 
“Go and get her,” I murmur in confusion, frowning at my big brother. And then my i mind flashes to the fact that I just walked back from my Chemistry final alone. Though it didn’t bother me at the time…I mean, why was I allowed to do that, when my brother and my cousin have basically been flanking me the entire time we’ve been here? And considering that someone just tried really hard to murder me in the Examination? “Wait, what’s going on?” I ask, looking around at them. “Why is… why am I suddenly allowed to walk around alone?” 
###Chapter 130
Chapter 130
Chapter 0230 
“Because,” Jesse says, patting my knee and then getting up, “you’re safe now, Ari. Nobody’s going to mess with you.” 
“What?” I ask, my eyes following him as he moves over to his desk, writing something down on a piece of paper. “What are you talking about?” 
“You don’t have to worry about Wright anymore,” Rafe murmurs, flicking his eyes up to me and then down to his notebook he pulls onto his lap, where he’s started making a packing list so that we can go home for winter break. “He’s under full guard until his trial. Plus, everyone’s scared shitless of Jackson now after his display at the bridge, which we’ve all heard about. So, we don’t have to stalk you so much.” 
“What these two are leaving out,” Ben stage–whispers to me, loud enough so that Jesse and Rafe can hear, “is that they also kicked the shit out of Wright at the warrior finals.” 
“What!?” I gasp, appalled. 
“We only kicked the shit out of him a little bit,” Rafe says, holding up two fingers held very close together in front of his face. “Just…a teeny tiny amount.” 
“Rafe!” I shout, grabbing a pillow and hurling it at him. “You shouldn’t have done that – you should have just le 
dad and the authorities handle it! This could get in the way of the 
investigation!” 
“I don’t know why you’re surprised,” Jesse calls on his way to the dumbwaiter with a note, blasé. “Did you think we were just going to let him get away with it?” 
“It’s not your job to administer justice!” I shout, throwing out my hands. 
“Well, whatever,” Rafe sighs, completely ignoring my outrage. “We weren’t even the first ones to do it, by the looks of things.” 
“What?” I gasp. 
“He had bruises everywhere,” Ben says, nodding and gesturing to his face. “Looks like Luca got to him, used him as a punching bag to practice his left hook.” 
“Luca,“Rafe says, lifting his head and looking at Ben with a frown. “Why would he have done that? It was Jackson, obviously.” 
“Why would Jackson have done it?” Ben asks, frowning back. “He did us enough of a solid carrying Ari across that field and up the mountain. Why would he do more?” 
“Because,” Rafe says, frowning at him, confused. “He’s –” 
“So!” I shout as I jump to my feet, trying to cause as much disruption as possible as I see that this is getting into dangerous territory that I absolutely do not want to touch. “We’re… we’re packing!? Winter break starts tomorrow? How are we getting back to the Capital?” 
Ben just watches me carefully, but Rafe looks up at me with a frown. “By train, Ari. Why do you never know these things?” 
“Why do you know them?” I ask, putting my hands on my hips and frowning at him. ” Seriously, are you getting like, text messages from the rail lines? Updates from mom and dad?” 
“Ari, you know I don’t have my phone back yet –” 
I’m pleased, honestly, that Rafe and Ben are so sufficiently distracted. But it’s all a waste, because the moment I get Ben talking about his own winter plans he’s coming to the Palace with us, I’m pleased to hear a sharp knock comes at the door followed by the sound of it opening. 
– 
I barely – barely! – have time to turn before Jackson is halfway across the room. And I only have a half second to gasp before I’m up in his arms, held close to him as he presses a swift set of kisses first to my cheek, and then to my lips. “How are you?” he murmurs, staring into my eyes, and I can feel his joy at holding me in his arms again thrumming through him. “How did Chemistry go- did you pass? You passed – of course you passed.” 
His joy and the very physical pleasure of being swept up in his arms would be infectious, irresistible, even…if I wasn’t aware of every eye in the room currently on us. 
“What…” Jesse barks out, and Jackson and I both turn our heads towards him. My mate makes no move to put me down. “What the hell is going on here!?” 
###Chapter 131
Chapter 131
Chapter 0231 
“Um,” I say 
say, feeling utterly awkward as I look between Ben’s slack jaw and Jesse’s appalled expression. I am suddenly very, very aware of Jackson’s forearm tucked neatly below my ass, holding me up against him, and the way that my leg intuitively curled itself over his hip, like it belongs there. 
– 
Ben’s mouth drops open further as he realizes that this is not a mistake that I’m not fighting Jackson, demanding that he put me down. 
“Get off of her!” Jesse shouts, starting forward, livid, raising his fist like he’s going to beat the shit out of Jacks. 
Jackson snarls, taking a step away, holding me possessively to him as Rafe stands and jumps between my mate and my cousin. 
“Whoa, whoa, Jess!” Rafe shouts, putting out a hand to stop our cousin in his tracks. “You don’t have all the information here!” Jesse obligingly skitters to a stop, looking between Rafe and me with his mouth open. 
– 
“What are you talking about!?” Jesse shouts, staring at Rafe in shock. “You’re just – you’re okay with this!? What the hell happened out there –” 
“You didn’t tell them?” Jackson murmurs, turning his face to me with a little frown of confusion. 
“Tell us what?” Ben asks, eager, sitting forward and resting his chin in his palm. His expression has turned from one of shock to delight at the drama unfolding before him. “Um,” I reply, going still with awkward fear, having absolutely no idea what to say. “No, she didn’t tell them,” Rafe sighs, turning back to Jesse. “Though she should have –” 
“What information am I missing here,” Jesse says, speaking fast in his outrage and growing panic. “Because, Rafe, I actually think you’re the one missing some facts – Ariel and Jackson cannot date, she’s already –” 
“Jesse!” I shout, bursting into action in my panic and wriggling in Jackson’s arms, desperate to get down. “Shut up!” 
“Shut up?” Jesse asks, sufficiently diverted but turning to me now, angry. “What…why do you…Ari!” he shouts, stepping towards me now as Jackson hesitantly lowers feet, but doesn’t let me out of his arms. “What the fuck is going on!” 
a to n 
Ben just stares between all of us in shock and delight as Rafe sighs, shrugging at me. “It’s time, Ari. You should just let everyone know now – no reason to keep it a secret anymore.” 
I open my mouth, not knowing what to say, feeling that Jackson is looking down at me with love and support in his eyes. 
And then, just at the absolute worst moment possible…a little knock comes at the open door. 
“Hey, guys, did dinner come up yet?” 
We’re all completely silent as we turn to look at Luca, who cheerfully steps into the room and presses the door shut behind him. 
“Is Ari here?” he asks, looking around. 
And then his eyes fall on me, peeking out from Jackson’s other side, my mate’s arm still wrapped around me. Luca’s face falls slack, probably matching mine for shock and pallor. 
Shit shit shit. 
How am I not better prepared for this!? 
Luca processes his shock faster than mine, instantly moving into rage. 
“Get your fucking hands,” he snarls, taking a dangerous step forward into the room, his canines lengthening as he levels a murderous glare at Jackson, “off of my fucking mate.” “Wait, what?” Rafe snaps, taking an aggressive step towards Luca. 
Jackson snarls in response, releasing me from his embrace only to tuck me protectively behind his back. “She is my mate, Grant,” he growls, and I can feel his rage pulsing through him now at the claim Luca is making on me. 
The claim Jackson doesn’t know that Luca has every right to make. 
“Stop!” I gasp, sensing the perilous edge that both of my mates are teetering on right now, about to tip into violence. I dart to the right, trying to get around Jackson, to meet Luca’s eyes, sending a desperate plea down both of my bonds to stop, to calm, to wait 
Because both of them, I can tell, are on the brink of shifting. And neither is going to survive it if they tear into each other now. 
“Ariel!” Luca snaps, “get over here!” 
His words are desperate, a plea as much as a command. He’s asking me, publicly, to recognize him – to tell everyone who he is to me, what we are to each other. 
Instinctually my feet move, and I step to Jackson’s side, eager to get between them. Jackson gasps, his hand reaching out, grasping my arm. “Ariel,” he stutters, shocked, “what are you 
“Get off of her!” Luca roars again, taking another step towards us, his eyes locking on Jackson’s hand wrapped possessively around my arm. 
###Chapter 132
Chapter 132
Chapter 0232 
“Luca!” Rafe shouts, just as Jesse shouts Jackson’s name, both of them baffled. 
I shake my head at Jacks, begging him to understand as I keep moving forward, as I place myself between my mates. And the moment I step actually between them, holding out a hand, palm out, towards each, begging them to stop 
I realize that it was a mistake. 
I mean, I don’t know what else I could have done, but it was a mistake. 
Because in that moment, each of my mates sees that I’m not denying the other. Luca’s eyes flash to Jackson’s just as Jackson’s move to his. There’s a brief moment of silence before Jacks releases a horrible, desperate snarl. Luca roars in response before, in a flash, they both shift into their wolves. 
Ben realizes what is happening half a second before everyone else, and he’s the only one to move in time. My friend releases a shout, hurling himself up from the couch and leaping over the coffee table to tackle me to the floor jus 
as the two wolves crash into each other 
above us. 
And god, the sound they make – 
The crashing roars they release sound unending, so loud in our tight stone room that it feels my eardrums will shatter. Ben wraps an arm around me, pulling me away, back against the stone of the fireplace as I cover my ears with my hands, tears slipping down my cheeks. I try to look, but god, there’s blood- 
And as each of my mate’s emotions rage through me, I’m completely overwhelmed. I no longer have any idea which of my emotions are mine, and which are theirs scream, and scratch, and bite, and intercede, and stop them, and 
– I want to 
Somewhere, outside, I feel Ben wrap me up in a tight ball as more noise adds to the fury- 
And suddenly, somehow, the feelings change shock and confusion adding to the anger, and a sudde 
sense of shame, and restraint 
– 
– 
I open my eyes, my senses slowly coming back to me, and my face goes still when I see that there are four wolves in front of me now Jackson’s scruff in his mouth, not biting him but a warning growl rumbling deep in his 
Rafe’s huge dark wolf snarling as he holds chest. Jesse’s familiar brown wolf stands between Rafe, Jackson, and the fourth wolf, who is a lighter brown – almost blonde – panting and snarling his warning. But then Jesse shifts, 
his hands out between them. 
“This is done!” Jesse shouts, glaring viciously between Jackson and Luca. “Shift the fuck back! We are getting to the bottom of this, right now!” 
There’s a long pause as we all look around at each other before Jackson shakes himself, just a little, and Rafe loosens his grip on his neck. Luca shifts then, and my eyes go directly to him, groaning when I see his bloody lip, the swelling already starting around his eye. 
I move, wanting to be next to him instantly, to check on his wounds – but Ben tightens his hands on my arms. “You stay…right here…” he murmurs in my ear. “For just a little longer, okay?” 
Realizing that he’s right, I stop, though I can’t stop the whimper in my throat as Luca stares at me, appalled. 
There’s another flash to my right, and when I look I see Jackson getting slowly to his feet. He didn’t come out of it as badly as Luca did, but I see his hand move instantly to his jaw, rubbing it like he’s assessing the damage. 
Rafe shifts a moment later, turning to me in his rage. “Ariel!?” he says, glaring down at me. “Is there something that you want to explain here!?” 
fe 
“Um,” I say, glancing at Ben, who sighs and releases his grip on me. The two of us get to our and I look awkwardly around the room, tears welling in my eyes, not knowing where to begin. I feel so horribly selfish and overwhelmed because I know I need to tell them – all 
of them. 
It’s just – I have no idea where to start… 
“Ariel,” Luca says, his voice desperate and heartbroken as he takes a step towards me. A snarl breaks from Jackson and my head whips towards him, but I see Rafe’s hand out in a flash, catching Jackson in the chest. 
“Stop,” Rafe growls, glaring at the other Alpha who only he could probably hold back. “Let them talk.” 
I turn my head back to Luca, who is just staring at me, crushed. “Why…Ariel, why is he saying that he’s your mate?” 
“Because,” I whisper, locking my eye with his. “Because, Luca…he is.” 
###Chapter 133
Chapter 133
Chapter 0233 
The room is silent for a long moment and I’m shocked when it’s Jesse’s voice that breaks it. 
“Whaaat the fuckkk,” Jesse groans, turning in a tight circle and covering his face with his hands before dragging them down over his features and turning to glare at me, just as Rafe is. 
The room explodes again into noise, everyone shouting at once, except for Jackson, who just stares at me, wary. 
“Stop, stop!” I shout, putting my hands out again as tears slip from my eyes, my voice shaking. “Everyone shut up!” 
To my surprise, all of the Alphas comply, going still and letting me speak. 
I turn my head to look at Luca for a long moment, taking in every devastated line of his face, the shock and the heartbreak, all of which pulses down our bond as well, threatening to take me out at the knees. “Jackson is my mate,” I say quietly, solidly, claiming him. Dread fills me now, and I know that it’s only half mine as I turn to Jackson, seeing it on his face too. 
Because he senses what’s coming. 
“But so is Luca,” I continue, my voice hitching, my heart breaking as I look into Jackson’s eyes. Because I know I know what it meant to Jackson to find me, to have me. 
– 
And I know what it’s going to mean to find out that I’m not his. Or at least, not his alone. 
“You’re both my fated mates,” I whisper, wanting to be perfectly clear as I send all the love I can down both of my bonds to each of them, hoping to communicate how much I want them, how each of them is precious to me. “The Goddess…she gave me two mates. She gave me both of you.” 
Silence again, for a long moment, before Jackson breaks it with a long moan that tears my heart to pieces. Because my stoic mate- if he’d had any choice at all in the matter, he’d never have made a sound, never have let anyone know how he feels. But this he couldn’t help it. 
A terrible sob rips from me as I watch Jackson turn away to face the wall, watch him cover his face with his hand, watch his shoulders shake as he tries to process everything. And the grief that ripples off of him in a wave – I stumble back a step, and only Ben reaching out to take me by the shoulders, to steady me, stops me from falling to the floor. 
But that’s not the end of it. God, crap, it’s just the beginning. 
“Are you fucking kidding me, Ariel!?” Luca gasps, stepping forward towards me, mad as 
hell. Jesse steps forward too, ready to intercede, but I put up a hand towards him. Because Luca’s my mate – there’s no way he’d consciously hurt me, and he has every right to be livid with me right now. 
“I’m sorry,” I whisper, shaking my head as I look up into his eyes. “I didn’t know…how to tell you. Either of you. It was all so new and everyone thought I was a boy 
– 
“this is…this “Wait,” Rafe says, and from the corner of my eye I see him step towards us, is real? Luca is her mate? I thought Jackson 
“Jackson is her mate!?” Jesse counters, turning towards him, and the two begin a hurried, angry conversation, comparing notes. 
I keep my eyes focused on Luca in front of me, even though half my heart is with Jackson across the room, who I can tell is…well, having a little bit of a breakdown. I hear footsteps behind me moving in his direction, and I know instinctually that it’s Ben, being the good person that he is and going to stand with him. 
“Ariel,” Luca says again, softer now, still angry but staring at me with his own grief written clear on his face as he reaches out and takes my face in his hands. “You…you picked him? You claimed him? As your mate?” 
“No,” I say, shaking my head and wrapping my hands around his wrists. “Luca, I didn’t do this – the Goddess did she…god, this is going to sound so weird, but she’s my grandmother –” 
###Chapter 134
Chapter 134
Chapter 0234 
“What?” he sputters, disbelieving. 
“It’s true, but it’s not important – but she picked Jackson, she picked both of you for me 
“That’s fucking impossible!” Luca yells, dropping his hands from my face and throwing them out to the side. “You get one mate опе 
I don’t know who told you that you could have two, but they were lying, Ariel!” 
– 
“Actually,” Jesse snaps, pausing his angry conversation with Rafe to turn to us. Luca’s eyes. move instantly to him. “It’s not impossible. Their dad had two fated mates.” Jesse points between Rafe and me. “So,” he shrugs. “Family precedent. And all that.” 
“Wait, what?” Rafe sputters, grabbing Jesse’s arm and making him face him. The two begin. to speak again in hushed tones as Luca stares at them for a second before he shakes his head. to clear it, turning back to me. 
“Listen, if it’s real- and he just hasn’t tricked you into believing he’s your mate or 
something,” Luca shouts, “I don’t even care how it happened! But you have to end it, Ari! Just reject him!” 
My eves on und 
horrified at the suggestion. 
Luca sees my reaction and his jaw drops. “You…you’re not going to reject him!?” 
“Luca, no = ” 
He groans, turning away from me like he can’t bear to look at me anymore, his whole body starting to tremble with the insane mix of emotions coursing through him right now. “Luca, I can’t ” 
– 
“You can, Ariel!” he shouts, turning on me and clenching a fist between us but determined. “I don’t know what the fuck is going on here, but you and me!? We’re 
not violent, 
meant to be together! I don’t care who the fuck that guy is, or what some Goddess said, you are my mate,” he pounds his fist against his chest now with the words as his voice cracks, and tears start to slip down my cheeks as I feel every inch of how much he means them. 
I shake iny head, not knowing what to say as I press my hands to my heart. “I am your mate, Luca –” 
“Don’t you get it?” Luca says, softer now, coming close again, staring down at me desperate and devastated. “Don’t you get how shatteringly in love with you I am? Ariel…” he shakes 
his head, wrapping a gentle hand around my neck and pulling me closer to him. “I am yours, and you are mine, and that is the end of it. The end of everything of the entire fucking universe=” 
– 
And then his hand tightens, pulling me closer so that he can kiss me. His lips move on mine like a promise, like everything is complete. 
And my heart breaks, because as much as half of me sings to hear him say it – that he loves me, beyond just being mated to me – 
The other half of my heart is storming towards the door now, devastated. 
I pull my face from Luca’s, a little cry on my lips as I watch Jackson tear open the door, watch him move swiftly through it. I move instantly towards him, needing to catch him, needing to explain 
But Luca grabs my arm. “Are you kidding me!?” he shouts, appalled. “Ariel! Do not go him!” 
“Luca!” I shout back, gesturing towards the door. “He’s my 
after 
“Your fucking mate,” Luca groans, dropping my arm and lifting his hands to knot them in his hair, at the end of his patience, maybe even his sanity. I stare at him, wanting to go to him as well, to explain further because he needs so much information, and he deserves it, I know that now- 
But… 
My eyes move again to the door, wanting to follow Jacks too because he deserves the very same thing. And as much as Luca is throwing a fit right now not that I blame him, it’s a very well–deserved fit – I know that Jackson is taking this harder. 
To Jackson, I was the one good thing in this world. 
###Chapter 135
Chapter 135
Chapter 0235 
And now he thinks he’s lost me. 
And he’s just…gone. 
“Stay here, Ariel,” Jesse says, and I jump when I realize that he’s standing at my side. “I’ll go after Jacks. Just….stay in the room, all right?” 
“Jesse,” I murmur, reaching for him, apology all over my face. 
“It’s fine,” my good cousin says, taking my hand and giving it a little squeeze. “I mean, it’s not fine, but…” he sighs, shaking his head. “We’re fine, all right? Deal with your drama, I’ll be back when I can.” 
And with that, my cousin storms off after my mate. 
I turn back to Luca, who I’m surprised to see standing staring at me in a newly determined way, his hands on his hips. “I’m not doing this,” he says, shaking his head, his voice set. End things with him, Ariel – I’m not…I can’t do this. I love you too damn much to share you with that jackass.” 
Luca tears his eyes from me like he can’t bear to look at me anymore and strides for the door, yanking it open and likewise starting down the hall. I stare after him with my jaw open – not because what he said is really that surprising or even unfair… 
I just… 
God, what the fuck just happened? How did the entire world just explode within the last five minutes – all 
all my carefully veiled secrets, ripped open at once… 
“I’ll take care of that one,” Rafe says, sending me a glance as he, too, strides for the door. ” But don’t even think that we’re done talking about this, Ariel.” 
I don’t say anything, just watching in shock as Rafe, too, passes through the door and slams it shut behind him. 
And then the room is…absolutely silent. Stupidly silent, after everything that just happened. 
God, what the hell, they transformed into their wolves for heaven’s sake – they fought each other… 
And now I’m just standing here in silence. With Ben. 
I almost leap out of my skin when the dumbwaiter’s absurdly cheerful bell sounds, but I 
don’t even turn to watch as Ben quietly moves to the dumbwaiter and takes something out. Instead, I just stand and stare into space, trying to put the shards of my reality back 
together. 
They know. My mates know after months of keeping it secret…. 
Now they just…know. 
From the corner of my eye I see Ben carry whatever he took from the dumbwaiter quietly to the coffee table, but I don’t pay attention to it. I barely notice, still staring at the door, when he takes me by the shoulders, and guides me over to the couch, and sits me down, and lays the green blanket over my knees, and puts a fork in my hand. 
I only start to come back to the present moment as Ben lifts a knife to cut the ridiculous chocolate cake in front of us that reads “Congratulations!” 
I sit in perfect silence, holding my fork, as Ben lifts a slice and puts it on a plate, sighing as he holds it out to me. 
“Come on, Princess,” he murmurs. “You need this.” 
I stare at Ben, blank, as I take the cake from his hand and settle the plate on my lap. 
“If it helps at all,” Ben murmurs as he cuts another slice and leans back onto the couch with it, scooping up a forkful and lifting it to his mouth. “I’m gay and in love with your brother.” 
I quietly watch as Ben takes a bite of the thick cake, chews it and swallows. 
“Yeah,” I sigh, turning to look down at my plate as I cut off the corner of my cake with the edge of my fork and lift it to my lips. “I kind of figured.” 
Ben just huffs a little laugh, taking another bite. 
###Chapter 136
Chapter 136
Chapter 0236 
“Jacks!” 
Jackson hears his name called behind him, but he doesn’t register it, or doesn’t care. Instead, he just continues to stride forward in the dark, not really knowing where he’s going, just needing to get…out. Get away. Disappear into the night, into the wilds, into… whatever. 
Any place but that castle. 
Any place but here. 
“Jacks! You asshole!” the voice comes again, closer this time, and Jackson’s instincts make him pay attention to it, his wolf turning inside him to growl at whatever’s coming. “Slow down! I know you can hear me!” 
Jackson moves on, determined, but inside him his wolf turns again, raising his nose a little, a whine in his throat. Jackson pushes him away, but the wolf persists, pressing his snout into Jackson’s hand. Come on, the wolf says, listen. It’s Jesse. We like Jesse. 
Jackson is the one growling now, insisting that he doesn’t like anyone, but his wolf just nuzzles against his hand, sad, not wanting to run anymore. So Jackson sighs, and slows, and turns when Jesse’s footsteps come near. 
“What the hell man,” Jesse says, bending over and panting a little, “I’ve been chasing you for like, twenty minutes!” 
“Should have been faster,” Jackson mutters, shrugging and looking away, shoving his hands deep into his pockets. 
“Don’t be a dick,” Jesse growls. “I’m trying to be nice to you, the least you could do is let 
me.” 
“Nice to me?” Jackson huffs, turning to glare at Jesse a little. “Do you seriously think that’s going to fix anything?” 
“Yeah, Jacks,” Jesse says, standing up straight and crossing his arms, “I think that being nice to you is just going to make Ariel magically not have a second mate. Obviously, that’s what I think.” 
Jackson narrows his eyes. “You’re being a jerk, Jesse,” he growls, turning to walk away again. “Jacks!” Jesse groans, and Jackson tugs his arm out of Jesse’s grasp when Jesse grabs it.” 
Don’t you get it!? I am being nice to you! This is what people do!” 
“What?” Jackson asks, still walking but turning towards the slightly smaller Alpha to glare at him. “Do what? You’re not doing anything – you’re just bothering me –” 
“Exactly!” Jesse exclaims, keeping pace with Jackson’s long stride. “That’s what people do! People who care about each other! When something shitty happens, you show up, and you’re just there!” 
“That doesn’t do anything,” Jackson grumbles, discontent – but honestly, nothing, really, would work for him right now. Nothing can make this better – nothing will make this better. 
Ariel – Ari – his mate. But she’s not really his, is she? He’d thought he’d had her, he’d thought for a blissful couple of days that she was his. That everything was going to be okay. That for once he had…like, a shot at this life, at this thing they call happiness. 
But he never really had it, did he? 
No, it was all an illusion. Because she was lying the whole time. 
“Jackson,” Jesse sighs, grabbing his arm again and making him stop. 
Or, well, Jackson agrees to stop – because Jesse…he’s not big enough to actually stop him. But they pause anyway, on the top of a hill, darkness all around. And Jackson hangs his head as he waits, because…well, where is there to go, anyway? 
“This is me trying to do something, all right?” Jesse says, his voice softer now, his hand. gentle on Jackson’s arm. “Something shitty happens, and even though they can’t do anything about it, the people who care about you show up. And they hang around. So, please. stop walking away from me and let me do that for you!” 
“Why?” Jackson growls, not getting it. 
To iu 
be there!” Jesse exclaims, throwing out his hands. “To show you that I care, 
are, that you’re not alone! To…stop you from throwing yourself into a ditch, or whatever!” Jesse pauses, staring at Jackson, waiting for him to respond, but Jackson just stands perfectly still, staring at him. “Or to throw you into a ditch, if you keep being an asshole about it.” 
At this, Jackson huffs a laugh. 
“So would you stop running away?” Jesse mutters, crossing his arms now, a little cold in the night air now that he’s not running around after the big devastated Alpha. “I’m trying to… be here for you.” 
“Fine,” Jackson says with a shrug. There’s a long moment of silence. “So, what do we do 
now?” 
“Whatever you want,” Jesse murmurs. “Walk. Sit. Just…exist, if you want to. Or you could… 
talk to me about it.” 
Jackson stares at Jesse like he’s insane if he thinks that’s going to happen, and to his surprise Jesse bursts out laughing, taking a step forward and clapping a hand on Jackson’s shoulder. “Jacks, seriously, I need you to tell me…did you grow up under a bridge or something? Why don’t you know how to let someone comfort you?” 
And Jackson sighs, a long, deep breath, and just looks down at the ground. 
And Jesse sighs with him, realizing that…well, that the answer is because nobody ever has comforted him. And Jesse’s heart, like Ariel’s, absolutely breaks for this guy. 
“Come on, you weirdo,” Jesse murmurs, pushing on Jackson’s shoulder warmly and turning him a bit. “Let’s do a little walk. You don’t have to say a damn word to me. I’ll just…be here.” 
###Chapter 137
Chapter 137
Chapter 0237 
Jackson nods, and to Jesse’s surprise, lets him walk by his side. 
They walk for a long time. Jackson is surprised, after a while, at how quiet and stoic Jesse is. Jesse doesn’t sigh or moan that he’s bored, like Jackson thought he would. He doesn’t complain, or fuss, or anything. He just walks quietly at Jackson’s side as they circle the castle, losing themselves in the woods and then along the cliffs that border the northern edge, that overlook the candidate barracks below. 
When Jackson pauses at the edge of the cliff, looking far, far north, peering into the dark, Jesse clears his throat. 
Jackson scowls, looking over at him. “I thought you said we could not talk?” 
“Listen, I tried,” Jesse says, bursting into a grin. “You called my bluff on this one, Jacks. That is the longest I’ve ever been quiet in my entire life.” 
“And wasn’t it nice?” 
“It was horrible,” Jesse groans, tilting his head back. And Jackson can’t help but smile, because Ariel does that too when she’s being dramatic. 
It’s a lot less cute when Jesse does it…but he smiles anyway. 
“So,” Jesse says, looking north in the same way Jackson does, into the dark. “I’ve been thinking about it, Jacks, and I gotta say…I’m kind of disappointed in you.” 
“What?” Jackson seethes, turning on this guy who just professed to want to help him. Jesse doesn’t flinch, just continues looking north. “I mean, is it really all that bad?” 
Jackson groans, lifting his hands to his face and pressing the heels of his palms lightly against his closed eyes. “Unbelievable,” he mutters, starting to get pissed for real. 
“No, but seriously,” Jesse says, “think about it this way. What is so good about being mated to my stupid shrimp cousin, anyway? I mean, she’s not that great.” 
Jackson drops his hands, gaping at Jesse, “She’s not a stupid shrimp, Jesse,” he bites out, furious. “She’s amazing, that’s what was so great about it! She’s smart, and she’s funny, and she’s nice – and she’s beautiful – and she…she gets me! She’s pretty much the only person in the entire world who gets me. And she’s brave, and I like being around her, even though I hate everyone else you included!” 
“See?” Jesse says, breaking into a grin and pointing a finger at Jackson’s chest. “That was a test, and 
you passed. Ari is all those things, and if you didn’t recognize how amazing she is I wouldn’t let you date her.” 
Jackson’s mouth drops open. “You can’t…not let me date her.” 
“Yes I can,” Jesse mutters, waving a dismissive hand, “I can do anything, I’m a Duke. But that’s not important. What is important is that you recognize how great it is that you get 
Ariel as your mate you’re the luckiest bastard to ever walk to earth, to have had the 
– 
Goddess tie her to you. Now.” Jesse nods, moving on like they’re figuring out a math problem. “What’s so bad about sharing her with Luca?” 
Jackson pauses, looking for the trick in Jesse’s question. 
But even as he looks for it, he knows what the answer is. He stays quiet, not wanting to say it. 
“May I venture a guess, as I suspect you ran through your daily quota of words with your last answer?” 
Jackson just scowls at him. 
“No, you’re right, your weekly quota,” Jesse says, nodding and clapping a hand again on Jackson’s shoulder. “Jacks, what sucks about it is that you have to share her. With Luca, of all damn people. But having to share her – does that 
does that mean you lose any of the good things?” 
Jackson takes a long moment before he sighs, looking down at the ground. “No,” he murmurs, rueful, “I don’t lose any of the good things just because he’s her mate too. But I…I might lose… her…” 
God, the thought of it. Tears prick at Jackson’s eyes again, and he grits his teeth against them, getting sick of all this damn crying. What the hell is with that, anyway? He never cried this much in his life, and now he’s mated for three days and spends half the time wiping salt water off his cheeks. 
Jesse, to his credit, pretends not to notice Jackson’s manly sniff, the way he brushes beneath his eyes with his wrists. Instead, Jesse pretends to look at a particularly interesting star for precisely as long as it takes for Jackson to pull himself back together. 
“I get it, Jacks, I really do,” Jesse says, quiet, still not looking at Jackson. “The idea of losing her… it’s probably killing you. But there’s no faster way to lose her than to storm out of rooms and let Luca have all the time he wants with her. Luca is charming as hell, man. He’s going to wrap Ari around his finger without you there to stop him.” 
Jackson’s jaw drops as he stares first at Jesse and then up at the castle, realizing that Jesse is 
right. 
“I know you’re scared you’re going to lose her,” Jesse says quietly, “but Jackson – you’re acting like you already have. If that’s your girl, Jacks? Then go and get your girl. Don’t let Luca take her. But also, why are you so afraid that Luca’s going to get her, anyway!?” 
###Chapter 138
Chapter 138
Chapter 0238 
“Because!” Jackson bursts out, tossing out his hands. “It’s Luca fucking Grant, Jesse! Even I had heard of him, and I haven’t heard of anyone! And he’s…he’s good with women! And he can talk to her, and make her laugh! And he’s like…good looking, or whatever! How the hell am I supposed to compete with that!?” 
Jesse stares at Jackson for a long moment before a slow grin starts on his face. 
Jackson scowls, hating him a little bit. “What?” he snaps. “What are you smiling about? Are you laughing at me? Seriously!?” 
“I’m not laughing at you, Jacks,” Jesse says, shaking his head but continuing to smile. “It’s just you have no idea what you have going on, do you? This bridge you grew up under, did 
– 
it not have a mirror?” 
Jackson just stares at Jesse for a long moment before he cocks his head. Because…was that a… compliment? Hidden beneath all of those insults? 
“Listen,” Jesse says, reaching an arm around Jackson’s shoulders and pulling him close like he’s sharing a deep secret, “I’m going to speak plainly, so pay attention – because this doesn’t happen often. But Jackson – women like you.” 
“How can women like me – I don’t know 
I don’t know any women – 
“Fine,” Jesse says, grinning, clearly enjoying himself. “When you get to the Capital, and you hang out with all of the girls we’re going to introduce you to? They’re going to like you. Like, a lot – in a romance kind of way. They’re going to like you as much as they like Luca, or more. But none of that matters, because Ariel really likes you, man! Despite all the odds, and in a way that I truly do not get – you make her laugh, just as much as Luca does!” 
Jackson lifts his eyes just a little, remembering that they did laugh a lot that night during the Examination, remembering how good it felt to make her laugh. Jesse’s grin deepens. “Luca Grant doesn’t have anything you don’t,” Jesse continues. “Okay? So…stop acting like it’s a done deal. I had to stop Ariel from chasing you out of that room tonight and leaving Luca Grant behind. That is… not insignificant, Jacks. And it’s the only thing you need to be concentrating on right now.” 
Jackson turns his head slowly to look back into Jesse’s face, shocked at the weird wisdom of 
guy who always seems so flippant, so easy. 
this 
How…how does he know precisely the right thing to say? 
“I’m here for you, man,” Jesse says, tightening his arm and giving Jackson’s shoulders a squeeze. “I’ll even give you a pep talk every day, if you want it.” 
“Why?” Jackson asks, baffled about why Jesse is being so damn nice to him right now. 
“Because I like you, you idiot!” Jesse laughs, punching Jackson on his arm in playful frustration. “Because you’re my friend, even if you don’t yet realize that I’m yours!” 
“Wait, but like…why?” Jackson asks, smiling a little more and shaking his head. “Why do you like me?” 
“Oh my god,” Jesse groans, laughing more and dropping his arm from Jackson’s shoulders. Jacks…you seriously need some therapy. I like you because you’re a good guy, and you’re interesting, and you’re…well, you’re so weird that you make me laugh even when you don’t mean to. And also because you’re obsessed with my cousin, who I also like. And because we have the same stupid hobbies of running around and punching things. Why wouldn’t I like you?” 
“So, you don’t just….like me because I’m Ariel’s mate?” Jackson’s voice is so hesitant that it breaks Jesse’s heart again. 
“No, I’d probably like you more if you weren’t,” Jesse murmurs with a smirk, working hard to hide his impulse to wrap Jackson in a bear hug. “Because now I have to worry about walking in on you guys making out and stuff, which is…not ideal for a friendship.” 
Jackson laughs, he can’t help it, and then he nods once, decided. Then, to Jesse’s shock, het starts to stride away, a new confidence in the set of his shoulders. 
“Wait!” Jesse calls after him, hurrying to catch up. “Where the hell are you going!?” 
“I’m going…” Jackson hesitates, looking between Jesse and the castle, “I’m going back, Jess, to get my girl! Like you just told me to!” 
“Oh my god, you weird foundling, don’t do that now – you’ll look desperate!” 
“What!?” 
“You’ve got to let her sweat a bit!” 
“Whatttt the hell,” Jackson moans, covering his face with his hands for what feels like the thousandth time that night. “Why am I supposed to make her wait!?” 
“Because, Jacks,” Jesse says, slipping an arm around his shoulders again and making him slow his pace to the castle. “Ariel did you dirty over the past few months, you need to let her feel a little guilty about it, even if just for a night! If you just barge in there and tell her it’s 
all okay, then she’ll get the impression that she can do that whenever she wants.” 
###Chapter 139
Chapter 139
Chapter 0239 
“How do know this shit,” Jackson mutters, shaking his head, letting himself be led. 
you 
“You handle kicking the shit out of the bad guys,” Jesse says, giving Jackson a broad grin. ” I’ll handle the girls. Besides, Rafe and I reserve the right to yell at Ariel tonight. We’ve known her longer, we get first dibs. You come to breakfast at our place tomorrow before the train leaves – really give her a piece of your mind then.‘ 
“If you say so,” Jackson sighs, his eyes moving upwards to the window he knows is hers or, at least, the one closest to the nook in which she sleeps. There’s still a light on, which means she’s still up. 
“Trust me, Jacks,” Jesse says, giving him a little squeeze, “I wouldn’t do you dirty. We’re friends now, after all. Best friends.” 
“Don’t push it,” Jackson grumbles. But as the pair walk back into the castle Jackson has to admit… the whole friendship thing, it does have its perks. Even if it involves a lot more talking than he’d prefer. 
“So, how’d you know?” Ben murmurs, sitting at the other end of the couch while I stretch my legs between us. He digs into his half–eaten third slice of cake with abandon. 
“Benny, my love,” I sigh, lifting another forkful of chocolate icing to my mouth 
“You’d better be careful with that word –” Ben says, pointing his fork at me with a wink. ” Men have been beaten tonight for expressing lesser sentiments – ” 
“Oh, shut up,” I murmur, rolling my eyes and kicking him, which just makes him laugh. Ben – he’s really been an angel over the past hour or so, cajoling and teasing and being sweet to me by turns, all in the effort to get me back to myself, to make me realize that no permanent damage has been done. After all, all I did was tell the truth. 
In…absolutely the most disastrous way possible. 
– 
Because I didn’t even tell the truth I was so much of a coward that I couldn’t even tell my mates the reality of our situation – I had to wait for them to just stumble upon it. God, what the hell is wrong with me – 
“Don’t go 
there,” Ben murmurs, leaning back against the arm of the couch now, as Luca so often does, and tapping my foot with his fork. “You’re betraying the cake, and the insane piece of gossip I just handed you, if you just…ignore it and delve into your despair. Honestly, Ariel, I gave you my best distraction. Sooo? How’d you know?” 
“Because,” I sigh. “You laugh at all of Rafe’s jokes, Ben, and he’s not that funny.” 
Ben goes still and then bursts out laughing. “Yes, he is!” 
“No,” I say, smiling and shaking my head at him. “You’re just listening to him with your love earmuffs on. My mom does it to my dad, from whom Rafe gets his sense of humor.” 
“Man,” Ben says, hanging his head back, shaking it. “Both of our greatest secrets, which we thought we were doing such a good job of keeping to ourselves, revealed by our laughter… 
what are the chances of that.” 
I grin at him, but then I lean forward and cock my head. “Benny,” I say, and he lifts his head. to smile at me. “Why did you keep it a secret? I mean, you know that I’d never judge you for it, right? And I have no idea if Rafe or Jesse knows, but I know they wouldn’t care –” 
“Even if they wouldn’t care, Ari,” Ben murmurs, smirking a little as he pushes his cake around with a fork, “it would…change things, between us.” 
“Do 
you think so?” I murmur, curious, and pleased to be distracted from my own drama, even if just for a minute. 
“Yeah, I think it would be different,” Ben says, definite. “I mean…Rafe. He’s not interested in 
“I don’t know,” I say honestly, raising my eyes to Ben’s face even though he doesn’t look up. “We’ve never talked about whether or not he swings both ways. Though, Ben, I…I don’t think so. Of course, I could be wrong, but…” 
“Nah,” Ben says, flicking his eyes up to mine with a little smile. “That’s my impression too. Looks like you got all the luck 
huh? Two gorgeous men for you, me…nothing.” 
“Benny,” I murmur, leaning forward and rubbing a hand across his knee. “If you…try to pretend you’re jealous of me right now…I’m going to kill you.” 
Ben’s face just lights up with a smirk. 
###Chapter 140
Chapter 140
Chapter 0240 
“One, Ariel Sinclair,” Ben says, laughing, “if you tried to kill me, I could take you.” 
I laugh too, grinning at him. 
“And two,” he continues, and my face falls along with his as real sorrow appears in his eyes, “if you’re asking me if I’m jealous of you having two of the most eligible men in the nation so upset that you’re not singularly in love with them that they’re ready to kill each other?” He leans forward, a bit intent, a bit sorrowful. “Yeah, babe. I’m jealous.‘ 
“Oh, Ben,” I murmur, setting my plate of cake aside on the coffee table and leaning forward to him, reaching out. “It will be all right – it will all –” 
“It won’t, though, will it?” Ben murmurs, taking my hand and looking down at his knees as he squeezes it, sweet and sorrowful and hopeless. “Not if I…if I want him…” 
I squeeze his hand back, not knowing what to say, but the door opens and we both turn to it, both of us sighing to see an exhausted Rafe walk through. 
“Dafo 
“What is this,” Rafe murmurs, his eyes flicking over my hand held in Ben’s, the half–eaten chocolate cake on the coffee table. Ben and I…we really didn’t go easy on it, did we? “A third mate?” 
“If only I were so lucky,” Ben sighs, standing up and then bending over to give me a fond kiss on the cheek. 
“Thank you, Benji,” I murmur, looking up at him with true gratitude, not yet letting go of his hand just yet. “For being so nice to me. 
“Anytime, Princess,” he murmurs, patting my cheek and then standing up straight, looking up at Rafe, the man he loves. “I take it my presence is no longer required?” 
“Unfortunately for her,” Rafe murmurs, patting Ben on the shoulder with true gratitude, we need some family time for the next couple of hours.” 
“Hours!?” I exclaim, appalled. 
“Oh, hours,” Jesse, says, coming silently through the door in a way that would impress an Espionage cadet. “Absolute hours, baby trouble.” 
And so Ben makes his way towards the door, preparing to leave us alone. 
‘Come to breakfast, Ben!” I call after him, knowing that the morning meal will be served in 
rooms tomorrow instead of the Hall so that we all have time to pack. Neither Rafe or Jesse counter me, but after the door clicks shut, my cousin and my brother level their glares evenly on my face. 
And I know that I’m in for it now. 
“Oh, sit down, you big idiots,” I grumble, shoving myself into the corner of the couch and making plenty of room for them. “Eat some cake while you yell at me. It’s really good.” 
Jesse, taking me very seriously, cuts himself a slice and sits neatly across the couch from me in Luca’s usual spot that Ben just vacated. “And aren’t you interested, young lady? In the status of your mate, after I spend so much time consoling him just now?” 
“Of course I’m interested, Jesse,” I bite out, getting angry at him for teasing me when he knows I’m obviously dying to know how he left Jackson. “Don’t mess around with it.” 
“And which mate would you like an update on first?” Rafe asks, all innocence, curling his legs beneath him and sitting on the floor next to the couch as he reaches for the cake that Jesse slices, puts on a plate, and holds out to him. On the surface Rafe’s being glib, but beneath… 
Beneath it all? I can tell he’s mad. Really, really mad. 
I sigh, not answering my brother, knowing that it was a rhetorical question anyway. And also, that they wouldn’t have come back to the room if Luca and Jackson weren’t relatively fine. 
“Why didn’t you tell us, Ariel?” Rafe asks, more serious now as he looks down at his plate and shakes his head. “You know we would have supported you –” 
“That’s a lie, Rafe,” I snap, a little angry myself now – because it’s not like I did this out of complete selfishness. It’s not like I didn’t have my reasons. “You would immediately have sent me back to the Palace if I told you on the first day that I had two mates in the barracks.” Rafe looks up at me and turns his head, considering this for a second. “All right,” he says. Touche, Princess, I absolutely would have. But to let it get to this? To get to here? I mean, fuck, Ariel, you introduced Jackson to our parents as your mate two days ago – 
“Which was not a lie!” I protest. 
“You did?” Jesse gasps, leaning forward and staring at me. “Ohhh, Luca’s going to be pissed 
“I introduced Luca too,” I mutter, glaring at him over my cake. “To mom. 
“Oh, so mom knows!?” Rafe asks, turning wide eyes up at me. 
“Yeah, mom knows,” I sigh, listening to their forks placidly scraping their plates. “She’s going to tell dad before we get home.” I hesitate for a second, not knowing whether I should ask. “So, are you guys like…mad at me?” 
“Yup,” Jesse answers immediately. 
“Ariel,” Rafe sighs, and I turn my eyes to him. “I just spent an hour consoling your devastated mate. Luca is wrecked over this and I’m not trying to discount Jacksons‘ feelings in this, or yours, but fuck, girl” he shakes his head. “Seriously? You couldn’t have told us, Jesse and me, so that we could be there for you? Help you figure out how to break it to them? So that we could be prepared for this and not have to shift into our wolves and tear ourselves to pieces to defend you? I mean, Luca is really messed up 
###Chapter 141
Chapter 141
Chapter 0241 
My lip starts to tremble as I listen, tears again stinging my eyes, but Jesse leans forward. 
“Rafe,” he murmurs, glancing between us. “Slow down a little, man. I mean, if we’re aware of what they’re feeling, then she’s aware of it double – she can feel it all down their bonds. And that, on top of her own feelings?” He shakes his head, holding Rafe’s gaze, willing him 
to listen. 
Rafe takes a deep breath and sighs, pushing his cake around on his plate, clearly thinking it through. In the end, though, he looks up at me. “Can you seriously feel everything they feel?” 
“Not everything,” I murmur, my voice tight as I look down at my plate. “Not unless the emotion is really intense, or they send it to me deliberately. And not…across great distances. Only when they’re nearby, or in the room. Like I can’t feel them now.” 
“Weird,” he murmurs, quietly eating his cake as he puts his thoughts together for a second. Jesse does the same. 
After a long moment, Rafe breaks the silence. 
“I just wish, Ariel,” he murmurs, truly hurt, “that you’d trusted me enough to let me know. I’d have told you, after all.” 
My nose starts to sting at the true sadness and hurt in his voice, and then my throat gets tight. I blink fast, not wanting to cry, because I know that they have every right to be mad at me, but… 
Well, the tears start to fall down my cheeks anyway. 
“Aw, come on Ari, don’t do that,” Jesse murmurs, leaning forward and putting a warm hand on my knee. “We can’t yell at you if you’re crying, and we’re not anywhere near finished.” 
“I know,” I murmur, brushing frustratedly at my cheeks with the side of one hand. “I’m sorry, I’m really sorry –” 
“No, I’m sorry,” my brother murmurs, setting his plate on the coffee table and getting to his knees as he reaches for me, wrapping his arms around my body and pulling me into his lap. “I’m sorry, sis. I’m fucking livid with you but – god, fuck, I’m sorry you bore this alone. I’m sorry – I wish you’d have let me be there for you.” 
I cry harder, letting myself be overwhelmed by my grief and confusion, knowing he’ll see me through it. Knowing he’s strong enough for that. 
“Oh, let her go, Rafe,” Jesse murmurs, scootching closer and reaching out to put his his own plate on the coffee table, laying himself down on the couch so that all of our heads are very close together, so that we can talk and hear each other in barely more than a whisper, if we so choose. “We can’t get all the gossip if she’s crying like that.” 
“The gossip?” I ask, wiping my away all my tears, kind of appalled. 
“Oh, all the gossip,” Jesse murmurs, yawning and turning his head to grin at me. “Jackson’s fine, by the way, thanks to yours truly. Going to show up here to breakfast tomorrow, newly determined to try for your hand. In exchange for your genuine gratitude, my love…I will accept the whole damn story. Right now.” 
“Same,” Rafe says, giving me a solemn nod. “Luca’s pissed as hell, and while…well, while he’s not precisely prepared to grovel for you…he’ll be here in the morning. So, madam trouble? The floor is yours.” 
And so, with a sigh, I unfold myself from Rafe’s arms and sit on the floor next to him, beginning to tell them the whole story. 
“Well,” Rafe says, about an hour later, his eyebrows raised. “Actually, in retrospect, I’m glad I didn’t know any of this. I would much rather have broken up one wolf fight after finals than have had to worry about this the whole term.” 
“Such empathy in my big brother,” I say, lowering my eyelids into a half–hearted glare and reaching out my fingertips to give him a shove. 
Rafe grins at me, chuckling a little, as Jesse lays on the couch next to us, staring at the ceiling, his head cushioned on a pillow. 
“Honestly, Ari,” my cousin says, his voice more thoughtful than it usually is, “laid out like that I’m not sure you could have done it very differently. The only place you really seem to have fucked up was when you didn’t plan this evening – you just let both of them show up here, expecting dinner. It was a powder keg, ready to explode, but the rest of it?” My eyes are wide as I watch him shrug, desperate to know what he’ll say next. 
###Chapter 142
Chapter 142
Chapter 0242 
“Yeah,” Jesse says, considering, assessing. “Yeah, Ari, with all of it – I think you did as well as you could.” 
“Really?” I ask, kind of shocked. 
nueves to him. “I mean, you had to get to “Yeah, I agree,” Rafe says with a sigh. I turn know them first to know if you even wanted to tell them you were their mate. And then you certainly couldn’t have told one before the other. And if you had told me, I definitely would have gone running off to mom and then dad would have pulled you out of school. The way 
you 
handled this was messy but…” he shrugs again. “I get it.” 
“Oh god,” I mutter, putting my face into my tired hands with a shaky sigh. “That…that makes me feel so much better.” 
“Maybe you could have used the dreamscape,” Jesse murmurs thoughtfully, “and pulled them both in. And then they couldn’t have hurt each other physically, just their dream bodies…” 
“Well, in retrospect,” I say, crossing my arms and giving him a little glare, “sure, that sounds great, Jess.” 
“For your next mate,” he says, waving a flippant hand. “Now you know.” 
I smirk at him, but turn my head back to Rafe when he speaks next. 
“Tomorrow’s going to be hard, Ari,” he says, peering at me thoughtfully. “They’re going to …they’re going to really lay into you for this. And I do think you owe them apologies and explanations but…I don’t think you should let them make you feel too horrible about it.” 
“Really?” I ask as Jesse turns, propping himself up on his elbow to hear what Rafe has to say. 
“Yeah,” Rafe says, nodding seriously as he looks between us. “I mean, you’re not just some mean girl who is dating two guys and not telling them about it. You didn’t pick this – you didn’t even pick them! The Goddess gave you these mates, and I think it’s pretty clear that she wanted you to have them both at once.” 
I perk up a little to hear it said this way. 
“That makes sense,” Jesse says, nodding as well. “The Goddess put all three of you on this road together, and just because Luca and Jackson don’t like it doesn’t make it your fault. You have to remind them of that, Ari- and if they give you any shit about it, then we’ll remind them too.” He raises his fist, smacking it against his other palm with a smirk, letting me 
know precisely how he intends to remind them. 
“Yeah, don’t let them push you around,” Rafe says, frowning now at the idea. “Luca, especially, is going to try to convince you to turn away from your bond with Jackson. But you have every right to explore your bonds with both of your mates, to figure out why the Goddess picked them.” 
Jesse nods to himself, deep in thought, speaking his ideas as he figures them out. “I mean, mates are supposed to be a gift – and she’s your grandmother, for heaven’s sake. I don’t think you should be ashamed of this, or feel bad about it, or try to stop it, Ari.” 
“I agree,” Rafe says, looking at me evenly. “I think it would be a mistake to reject the 
— 
Goddess‘ gift like that I think she’d be pissed, and you’d do yourself a disservice. I think you should explore it. While being as fair as you can to Luca and Jackson, of course. It’s not carte blanche to be a jerk to them.” 
A deep well of warmth runs through me as I begin to smile, staring at my brother, who is so sweet, and so supportive. Tears again spring to my eyes. 
“Oh geeze,” Rafe says with a sigh, reaching out and wiping at my cheeks with his thumb as the tears start to spill out. “What’s all this about? What did I say now?” 
“Nothing,” I laugh, shaking my head and tilting it back while I sniff. “You’re just being really nice to me.” 
“Of course we’re being nice to you, Ari,” Jesse says with a yawn, reaching out to ruffle my hair like he used to do when we were kids. “You’re our little baby trouble. We love you. We’d be bored without you. 
I grin at the two of them, resting my head against the couch and letting my eyes fall half- shut, so grateful to the two of them for their love and their friendship and their eternal. 
support. 
###Chapter 143
Chapter 143
Chapter 0243 
“We got your back, Ariel,” Rafe murmurs, patting my knee. And then we spend the next few hours talking softly, letting our thoughts wander, none of us really making a move to go to bed. Instead, slowly – perhaps simultaneously we all fall asleep curled up next to each other like we used to do when we were kids. A puppy pile, mom used to call it. 
And I think of that, of my mom, and my family, and how much I love the rich warmth of them as I fall asleep next to my two best friends. 
Because I get to see the rest of them tomorrow. 
And I can barely wait. 
I gasp awake when the door flies open behind me, spinning and blinking and trying to figure out if I’m about to die 
“I did it!” Ben shouts, giving a whoop of excited joy as Rafe leaps to his feet, his chest. heaving with anxiety. Jesse just groans, turning over on the couch and burying his face in his pillow as I clasp a hand to my throat, trying to figure out if I had a heart attack. “I passed my finals! I get to stay!” 
“Too bad you’re going to die in like four seconds, Ben!” Rafe snaps, scowling and striding over to Ben to snatch the piece of paper out of his hand. Ben ignores Rafe, dancing around the room as he pumps his fist in the air. 
“I get to stay in school! I passed – I’m an Ambassador now, for real! Or at least, on my way to it!” 
“That’s amazing, Ben, I’m very happy for you,” Jesse murmurs into his pillow. “Now shut up. Go away.” 
I smile as I watch Rafe collect himself and smile at our friend, reaching out to grab Ben and wrap him into a big hug as he murmurs his congratulations. I grin at Ben, who peers at me over Rafe’s shoulder, watching him take a surreptitious sniff of Rafe’s scent as they break their quick hug. 
I push myself to my feet as well, wincing as my stiff muscles unfold. God, sleeping on the floor – what a stupid idea 
“Congrats, Ben,” I say, holding open my arms as I cross the room to him. Rafe lets him go and Ben steps to me, wrapping me in a hug and rocking me back and forth. “I’m so happy for you!” 
“Did you get your results?” he asks, eager, looking down at me. 
“Um, I don’t know, you kind of woke us up,” I say, looking towards the door. “How did you find out?” 
“Slipped under my door this morning,” he says, letting go of me and striding for the still- open door, looking for a piece of paper. He sighs and turns to me, shaking his head. 
I scowl, flopping down on the couch and making Jesse yelp when I land on the back of his 
calves. 
“Oh, you baby,” I mutter, “that didn’t hurt.” 
“Be gentle with me,” Jesse whines, still burying his face in the pillow and pretending to be asleep. “I’m very delicate and you kept me up all night talking and I haven’t had any coffee 
I laugh, smacking him on the back even as the dumbwaiter’s bell rings. I turn towards it, eager. “Sounds like coffee’s here anyway.” Even as I watch Rafe and Ben walk eagerly to the dumbwaiter, I can’t help the anxiety that rolls in my stomach. 
Why did Ben get his results, but not me? 
Is it just because he’s on a different track? 
Or… is it because I didn’t pass? Is a different note coming soon, telling me to pack my things for good? Is it going to be – 
“Is there enough coffee for one more?” 
My head spins immediately to the door at the sound of Luca’s voice, my eyes going wide. Jesse immediately sits up, his sleepy fa?ade gone as he looks at Luca levelly, clearly 
wondering – as I am just how upset he still is, and if he’s volatile. 
I go completely still, waiting for Luca to give me a sign about how this is going to go. 
###Chapter 144
Chapter 144
Chapter 0244 
tmove. 
As I anxiously study Luca, waiting for his but I can’t help but notice how good he looks. Luca’s freshly showered, dressed in the Cadet black that makes him look so sharp, his hair falling a little into his face in a way that just begs me to touch it, wanting to push it back. His lip is a little swollen and a bruise spreads beneath his left eye, but I don’t know something about it really works for him. He just looks tough and sexy and a little dangerous in a way that I really, really like. 
“Don’t worry,” Luca says with a smile as he puts up a defensive hand, smiling around at us in a way that makes his dimples flare. I melt, just a little… 
Because god, he’s just so cute- 
“I’m not going to flip out,” Luca continues, shaking his head at himself like he’s disappointed in how he acted last night. “I’m just…here for breakfast. As promised.” 
Luca steps into the room a little more as he closes the door, his eyes moving over Ben and Jesse and Rafe before falling on me like that’s the only place they want to rest. I hold his gaze, a little smile on my mouth. Because, I mean, I really am happy to see him – I’m always happy to see him. 
But…what do we do now? Do I…should I get up and hug him? Throw myself into his arms, which is what I really want to do? 
“Hey,” he murmurs, the corner of his mouth turning up in a smile that’s just for me. 
“Hi,” I whisper back, though I know he can hear me. A quick pulse of joy and anxiety and apology and warmth comes down the bond, letting me know that he’s still conflicted but that he’s really, really happy to see me. 
I grin, because I feel the same way. 
“Of course there’s enough coffee!” Rafe says, his voice booming and making me jump as he steps around me and plops the silver coffee pot on the table with a loud thump, clearly intent on breaking the vibe between Luca and me. “So,” he says, straightening up and putting his hands on his hips. “Rumor has it that you’ve been secretly dating my sister for months. Are you going to be nice to her today?” 
And I burst into a grin when I see Luca grimace a little as he runs a hand through his hair, because I suddenly realize that Luca’s been keeping a secret too. This whole time, he’s been secretly dating his friend’s sister which I’m pretty sure is against the rules, when it comes to guy friendships. 
– 
“Of course I’m going to be nice to her,” Luca murmurs, looking around Rafe and finding me again, taking in my wide grin. Ben laughs as he moves to the coffee table, carrying plates of pastries and cups for the coffee. 
“Good,” Rafe says, the words carrying a great deal of weight. “Ariel?” he says, turning to me. I sit up in surprise. “Go get showered and changed you’re a mess. 
I squeak in appalled surprise, but when I look down at myself I realize that he’s right. I am very rumpled. And if we’re going to have a nice big chat, I’m going to want to look and feel. my best. 
“Fine fine,” I mutter as Ben offers me a cup of coffee made just how I like it. “But if you all eat all the breakfast while I am gone, I’m going to be mad!” 
“No promises!” Jesse calls after me as I carry my coffee into the bathroom and work on making myself more presentable. 
About twenty minutes later, when I draw the curtain back from my nook, freshly showered and changed with my hair braided onto my head but not yet tucked beneath my cap, I jump when I realize that Luca is leaning against the fireplace about a foot to my left, clearly waiting for me to come out. 
“Hi,” he murmurs, immediately slipping an arm around my back and tugging me to his side, lowering his face to my hair and taking a long, slow sniff of my scent. “I like this,” he murmurs, “your scent by itself, not all mixed up with Jesse, of all revolting people.” 
I grin, pleased despite my anxiety, leaning into him and putting a hand on the hard muscle of his stomach, looking up into his face. “Still mad at me?” 
“Livid,” he whispers, but the way he smiles, and tugs me closer…I have to bite my lip, 
because I think it means we’re going to be okay. I tilt my chin up, wanting nothing more 
than to- 
###Chapter 145
Chapter 145
Chapter 0245 
“Enough of that,” Rafe calls from across the room where he’s tossing what few personal possessions he has into a backpack. “Hands off, Luca. Still my sister.” 
“Still my mate,” Luca calls back, but his voice is cheerful as he pushes himself up from the wall, letting his arm drift from behind my back so that he can grasp my hand as he tugs me over to the sitting area. Ben’s there too, his already–packed backpack at his feet, but he stands when we approach, going to pretend to help Jesse pack and giving us our space. 
“So, I’ve been thinking about it,” Luca says, sitting down on the couch and pulling me with him so that we sit close together. 
“Yeah?” I ask, encouraging him to go on. I turn towards him, taking his hands in mine, listening closely. Because I want, desperately, to know what he’s thinking – how he’s feeling about all of it. 
“And,” he murmurs, reaching out a hand to tuck a strand of hair back from my face, “we still have to talk about…about you keeping this from me, Ariel. That was deeply unfair, and I …I think it’s going to take a while for me to trust you again.” 
I nod, understanding, listening to him and holding back my opinion on the matter. Because I do think that I was in a hard place with that it would have been horribly unfair to Jackson if I had told Luca that Jackson was my mate before I even told Jackson. But…that’s not really important now. Instead, I just want to hear Luca, to understand how he feels. 
“But I didn’t lie last night,” Luca murmurs, his pretty brown eyes intent as he squeezes my hands. “I’m in love with you, Ariel – you’re my mate, you’re…you’re everything to me. I’ll do whatever it takes to make this right with us.” 
“Luca,” I breathe, leaning closer, completely overwhelmed at how good he’s being. “Thank you – I feel the same way – I’ll do whatever it takes too, you’re so important to me 
“So, you’ll reject him, then,” Luca murmurs, tucking that same strand of my hair back again, his fingers warm as they caress the shell of my ear. “And then we’ll move on! It will be amazing, Ariel, I promise I’ll do everything I can to make you happy, everything, and we’ll be so –” 
I sit up straight, rigid, staring at him unblinkingly. Because wait…what? What is he asking me? What…did I agree to something? “Luca,” I say, putting a hand out between us, my palm flat as it presses against his chest. “Luca…no…” 
“No?” he asks, likewise sitting up straight and staring at me. “No to…no to what?” 
“Luca,” I whisper, horrified, leaning closer. “Luca, I’m not going to reject my bond with Jackson…” 
“What!?” 
“Hey!” Jesse says, shoving Rafe’s armchair ridiculously close to the couch and flopping down into it. “This seems sufficiently intimate and complicated and like you might start yelling at each other! Thought I’d join in!” 
“Get out of here, Jesse,” Luca growls as Rafe comes around the couch and stands on the other side of the coffee table, his arms crossed. “This is between me and Ariel.” 
“Oh, I’ll go,” Jesse says calmly, raising his eyebrows and holding Luca’s gaze for a pause before shifting his eyes to mine. “If Ariel wants me to.” 
I bite my lip, hesitating, because…I mean, even though Luca is right that this is between us… 
God, but I have trouble saying no to him. And quite frankly, I do want my brother and my cousin’s support. 
“Ariel,” Luca growls, leaning closer to me and glaring, “are you seriously going to let them budge in on this!? This is our personal relationship! This is between you and I, and you’re going to –” 1 
“Let us advocate for her?” Rafe interrupts, his voice smooth and a little mad. Luca gapes, turning towards him. “Intercede? Not let you bully her, when she’s emotional and clearly wants to do things to help you feel better, even when they’re not in her best interest?” 
I feel a great deal of relief that my family is helping me, but it mixes awkwardly with the sinking pit in my stomach at making Luca feel so bad. God, crap, but this is horrible. 
“Bully!?” Luca spits out, dropping my hands and staring at Rafe, truly offended. “Are you seriously saying that I would stoop so low as to bully the woman I love!?” 
“You’re kind of doing it now,” Jesse says, a little dry. 
###Chapter 146
Chapter 146
Chapter 0246 
I lift my eyebrows in surprise as Luca turns to stares at Jesse, appalled at the accusation. Jesse continues, either pretending not to notice or not caring. 
“I mean,” Jesse says, turning his palm up as he talks it through, “unless I’m mistaken, you’ve never told her that you loved her before, right? At least not before last night. And now you’re throwing that word around a lot in a situation where you’re actively asking her for something. It might not be bullying, but it is a little manipulative.” Jesse grimaces and gives a shrug, and I can tell that he’s genuinely not happy to have to deliver the message. 
But my jaw drops a little when I realize that….that Jesse’s kind of right on that one. Luca is pulling out the 1–word at the same moment when he’s asking me for something really big. 
“I can’t believe you’re accusing me of not loving her, of saying that just because I want something –” 
“We’re not accusing you of that,” Rafe says, his voice gentler now. “We’re just asking you to play fair, Luca. And to let her make her own decisions about what’s right for her. Even if that’s not what’s right for you.” 
“So, you’re all going to take his side,” Luca snaps, drawing away from me now and standing up, clearly wanting a little space. “When obviously I am the better match for Ariel – I can handle her life as a Princess, I’m already your guys‘ best friend, I’m completely dedicated to supporting her through this Academy thing and have been for months. How can you not be on my side, after all of this!? We’re – we’re fucking friends!” 
“They’re not taking Jackson’s side,” I say quietly folding my hands in my lap and looking up at my mate, my heart sinking because I know he feels so betrayed. “This isn’t about sides, 
Luca.” 
“Screw that, it is about sides,” Jesse snaps, standing up to glare at Luca. But I watch as his face softens, as he forces himself to be kinder. “We’re not on Jackson’s side, but we’re not on yours either, Luca. We’re on Ariel’s side.” 
“Always,” Rafe says, his voice likewise gentle and a little sad. “Always Ariel’s side, Luc. I’m… I’m sorry if that’s not what you want to hear, but she’s my sister.” 
“My best cousin,” Jesse adds, and my heart swells with love at their support. 
“And quite frankly,” Rafe continues, his face a little grim. “As her mate? I’d prefer it if you 
were on her side as well.” 
Luca just stares, slack–jawed, at his two best friends before looking down at me. I bite my lip, heartbroken and awkward, my fingers twisted together in my lap. We stare at each other for a long time, and down our bond I feel him questioning, apparently unable to put it into words right now, wanting and needing to know what it is that I’m asking for in this moment. 
“The Goddess gave me both of you, Luca,” I say quietly, hoping to hell he hears me on this. ” Rafe and Jesse and I – we talked about it last night. And I think it’s right – I’m supposed to have two mates, she gave me both of these bonds for a reason. 
33 
I shake my head, hating that I’m disappointing Luca, but so incredibly grateful that I have my big Alpha brother and cousin here to support me because if it was just me and Luca? I’m not sure I could find the courage to do this to deliver the words that I know are goi 
going to break his heart. 
“What are you saying?” Luca whispers, slow, taking a step closer to look down into my eyes. 
“That I’m not going to reject my bond with Jackson,” I whisper, staring up at him, needing him to hear and understand it. “Not just because you want me to.” 
Luca groans, tucking his face against his hands like it’s the worst thing he’s ever heard. I’m immediately on my feet, putting a hand on his arm, unable to just sit and watch him grieve like this. Rafe takes a step forward like he’s worried Luca will snap, and shove me or something, but he doesn’t. 
Instead, Luca just takes a moment to understand, his body trembling slightly beneath my hand. I stand steadily next to him, letting him process it, bearing witness to his pain. And when he’s ready, Luca drags his hands down from his face and looks at me again. “I don’t know if I can do this, Ariel,” he whispers, shaking his head at me. “I don’t know how to do this.” 
###Chapter 147
Chapter 147
Chapter 0247 
“Neither do I,” I whisper back, taking a step closer. To my surprise, Luca lifts his arm and wraps it around me, tucking me in against his side, where he likes me. “But we can figure it out together.” 
Luca murmurs something I don’t quite hear, raising a hand and cupping my cheek in his palm, staring down at me as he shakes his head in awe and frustration. 
“I’m still your mate, Luca,” I whisper, sending all the warmth and assurance that I have down the bond. “That hasn’t changed. You still mean the world to me.” 
“It has changed, a little,” he murmurs, studying me. “You know that I really do love you, right? That I wasn’t just saying it to…to manipulate you. I just…I love you so damn much, Ariel, I’d do anything to keep you.” 
“I know,” I murmur, nodding and pressing my cheek closer into his palm. “I know, Luca. I know.” 
He lowers his face then, pressing a kiss to my mouth like he can’t help it, just as a knock comes at the door. 
“Oh, what the hell,” Rafe sighs, turning towards it. Luca tightens his arm around me as Jesse steps to my side, taking the hat off his head and shoving it towards me. 
Rafe moves to the door and I pull the cap on, taking a small step away from Luca even though he clearly doesn’t want to let me go. When I nod to him, Rafe pulls open the door. And my eyebrows arch nearly to my hairline as I see who is standing there. 
“Good morning, Cadets,” Dr. Neumann murmurs, his hands folded neatly behind his back as he nods around to each of us. His eyes settle on me, though, and he gives a firm nod. “Cadet Clark? If I may have a word?” 
My hands start to shake a little with the anxiety of it because…because why is he here? Ben… Ben got his pass results on a little piece of paper… 
Oh 
my god. 
If you fail, do they have to deliver the results in person? Do they have to 
“Clark?” Neumann says, raising an eyebrow, and I realize that I haven’t moved at all – that I’ve just been staring at him. He turns slightly, tilting his head towards the hall, an invitation. 
“Um, that’s okay,” I say, taking a few steps forward so that I’m standing in front of him, but not going out into the hall. “They can listen, I don’t mind.” Because if he tells me that I failed, I am definitely, definitely going to need my family to catch me when I fall to pieces. Neumann sighs, crossing his arms and narrowing his eyes at me. “You and your social life, Cadet Clark. It’s what’s holding you back, after all.” 
My stomach drops and I hang my head, because that can only mean… 
“I came to tell you that you came out with the top marks in the Espionage class, Cadet Clark,” he says, his voice brisk, words clipped. 
I freeze, because…. 
I mean, I have to have misheard him, right? 
My head snaps up and I stare at my professor, completely shocked. 
“Top marks on the Chemistry examination, top marks in your marksmanship class.” He raises an eyebrow at me. “Far and away, our highest–ranking Cadet this year in our program.” 
“But I…” I sputter. 
“You’re a very promising student, Clark,” Neumann says, and my face bursts into a smile when I see the corners of his mouth beginning to turn up, realizing that he’s rather enjoying his little prank. “We will be expecting great things from you in the spring, and if you could just concentrate instead of having so many dinner parties you could truly make a difference in this world and in this war 
But Neumann doesn’t get any further in his scolding, because I let out a little shriek and throw myself at him, wrapping my arms around his waist and giving him an impulsive hug. Thank you!” I gasp, desperately happy and thrilled and excited all at once. “Thank you so much, Dr. Neumann!” 
He freezes for a second but then he lets out a slow chuckle and, to my surprise, gently places his arms around me and gives me a little squeeze. “All right, Cadet, that’s enough affection,” he murmurs. “I’m your teacher, after all, not one of your many friends.” 
I laugh, loosening my arms and smiling up at him as I take a step back. “Why were you so mean to me all semester!?” I ask, impulsive. 
###Chapter 148
Chapter 148
Chapter 0248 
Neumann laughs at my inappropriate remark, shaking his head. “I was hard on you to push you, 
Clark. You work harder when you’re terrified. Someone has to herd you along towards your potential, after all,” he looks around the room now, glaring a bit at my friends and my family, who all beam at me. “These ones, I suspect, pet you a little too much.” 
“Thank you, sir,” Rafe says formally, coming forward, but Neumann just waves a hand at him, turning his attention back to me. I grin, a little pleased to have a professor pay more attention to me than Rafe, who is usually the golden boy. 
“Don’t listen to what those other Cadets said at the final test, either,” Neumann says, stern. 
“Do you 
hear me on that? Half of them failed anyway, so they don’t know what they’re talking about. You’re very promising, and we’re incredibly excited about your future in the department. Not every successful cadet needs to be a bastion of physical force in order to be useful to the nation’s military. Understood?” 
I nod eagerly, tucking my hands behind my back and straightening my shoulders, bolstered by the fact that he believes in me. And, quite frankly, the fact that half my classmates failed 
out. 
Jerks. 
“And,” Neumann says, leaning forward to speak softly to me now, conspiratorial, “if any King has any particular ions on the matter, you can tell him that I said that. And that if he has any
questions about your aptitude and potential, that he can ask me directly. I want you here in the Spring, Cadet…Clark.” 
My mouth drops open a little as I realize that Neumann… knows. He has perhaps always known. 
“Don’t disappoint me,” my professor finishes, giving a sharp nod and then turning away and striding down the hall. “I wish you all a happy winter break!” he calls to us, “get it out of your systems, children! When you return in the spring, I will expect you to work!” 
I stare after him, shock and thrill pulsing through me. 
And then, slowly, I turn to stare around at the group of Alphas standing in the quietly beaming at me, waiting for me to process my surprise. 
room, all 
“I passed!” I shout, punching my fists up into the air, my eyes squeezing shut in my joy. 
A roar goes up in the room and suddenly I’m swept off my feet. I laugh, hugging my brother 
back as he spins me around, and then I’m passed from arms to arms as everyone hugs me, and kisses my cheeks, and tells me how wonderful I am and how they’re not at all surprised. I laugh the whole time, barely able to process it, almost knocked out in my wonder and surprise and joy. 
I’m still laughing, dazed by the joy of it, when someone clears their throat at the door. 
us.” I turn, a huge smile on my face, to see Jackson standing there, frowning around at us. What’s going on here?” 
“Just got the news,” Jesse calls over to him, and I can hear in his voice that he’s pleased and proud. “Ariel passed! Top marks in Chemistry – top student in the Espionage unit.” 
A wide smile spreads over Jackson’s face. “What,” he says, slowly, looking around at everyone. “And you guys are like, surprised?” 
I burst into a smile, pleased as hell that Jackson’s completely unperturbed by the news that he never, ever thought for a single second that I wouldn’t pass. 
Finally, his eyes land back on me. “Get your ass over her, Clark,” he growls, beckoning me with a wave of his hand. I laugh and suddenly my feet are flying across the room. I throw myself into Jackson’s arms, where he wraps me up and lifts me off the floor, turning me once in a circle as he holds me tight. 
“So proud of you,” he murmurs into my ear, which makes me squeal a very tiny happy noise. “My clever little spy.” 
I laugh, grinning down at him, running my fingers through his hair and losing myself a little in his blue eyes. 
My smile fades, though, when I hear Luca’s rough snarl across the room. 
“For the second time in as many days,” Luca snaps, “get your fucking hands off my 
girlfriend.” I turn my head, knocked out of my mental bubble where only Jackson exists, to see Luca taking a menacing step towards us. 
###Chapter 149
Chapter 149
Chapter 0249 
To my surprise, Jackson makes absolutely no move to put me down. Instead, he just looks at Luca evenly for a second. “Your girlfriend?” he asks, the words low and light with disbelief. He hums consideringly and then turns his face back up to mine. “What do you think, Clark?” he murmurs, nodding over to where Luca stands, not bothering to look his way. “That your boyfriend over there?” 
I can’t help it then, loving the assurance in his voice, the calm way he dismisses Luca’s jealousy. A slow, happy smile spreads over my lips as I stare down at him, not saying a single word regarding whether Luca’s my boyfriend or not. 
Because honestly, I don’t know. 
But Jackson’s right – Luca doesn’t get to boss him around on this, does he? 
“Didn’t think so,” Jackson murmurs, low enough that maybe only I hear him. But then he grins at me and lowers me to the floor as Luca strides to my side, grabbing my hand. 
“Okay, okay,” Rafe says, stepping forward with a sigh. “Clearly, clearly we need some ground rules here.” 
And I sigh, glancing up at both of my mates, before crossing the room to Rafe’s side. 
Because my brother is right it’s time we got some things straight and I might need some physical distance from them to do that. 
“What are you even doing here?” Luca growls at Jackson, his arms crossed as they stand about a foot apart. 
“Came for breakfast,” Jackson says, giving a calm shrug. “I was invited.” He glances at Jesse now, who grins at him. 
“Coffee?” Ben asks, starting to pour Jackson a cup. 
“Sure,” 
“Jacks says, crossing the room to take it from him. 
“Look, can we cut this bullshit,” Luca snaps, clearly worked up. “What is all this happy family nonsense!? Are we all just going to pretend that McClintock and I didn’t try to kill each other last night? That we’re not going to do it again if we don’t get this two–mate nonsense figured out!?” 
“I’m not going to kill you,” Jackson says evenly, taking a calm sip of his coffee. I blink at him, a little surprised, wondering where all this confidence came from. This is, in some 
ways, a very different Jackson than the grief–stricken wolf who stormed out of here last night. “Are you going to kill me? Or…try?” 
Luca sputters, not wanting to seem like the aggressor now that Jackson has proclaimed himself neutral. Then Luca grits his teeth, storming over to Jackson. Rafe grabs the back of my shirt, not letting me go to them, knowing that my first instinct is to stand between them, to negotiate. 
“Let them figure it out,” Rafe murmurs when I look back at him. “This, weirdly, is not actually your problem.” 
“Yes it is,” I mutter, crossing my arms. “I’m going to go from two mates to none if they tear each other to pieces.” 
Rafe laughs lightly, but we both just watch as the argument unfolds. 
– 
“You think I can’t see what you’re doing?” Luca snaps, glaring into Jackson’s face. “You get to come in here all calm, pretending you’re fine with this, looking like the good guy – making me look like the bad guy. But I’m the only one being honest here – you don’t want her with me just as much as I don’t want her with you.” 
“True,” Jacks murmurs, shrugging and looking down at his coffee before taking a sip. “But, getting into a fist fight isn’t going to fix it.” 
“Sure would be fucking nice though,” Luca growls, his hands balling to fists, “to knock you into next week – ” 
“Enough –“Rafe says, stepping forward now with a frown. I gape at him a little, pissed. What happened to letting them figure it out!? 
He glances at me with a tiny shrug before turning back to Jackson and Luca. 
“So,” Rafe says, his voice calm and considering, “despite your insistence on fighting, I want to point out that you two actually…agree.” 
“What?” Luca asks, his face screwed up in a confused frown as he turns towards Rafe and me. I look up at Rafe, my face mimicking my mate’s.
###Chapter 150
Chapter 0250
“You just said it,” Rafe says with a shrug. “Luca, you have admitted that you don’t want Ariel to be with Jackson. Jackson, you agreed, saying you felt the same way – you don’t want her to be with Luca.”
All three of us just stare at Rafe like that’s obvious. Actually, all five of us if you count Ben and Jesse too.
“Well, I mean, I think it’s kind of simple,” Rafe says with a sigh, heading to the couch and lifting his coffee off the table as he sits down like this is the most casual conversation anyone has ever had. “If that’s what you guys want, you just have to decide where your boundaries are.”
“What?” Ben asks, confused. We all turn to him and he puts his hands up. “Sorry, sorry,” he murmurs. “I’m just…I’m too involved. I’m sorry. I’ll shut up.”
Rafe laughs a little, but nods. “No, you’re right, I can be clearer. But honestly, I think it is really simple. Ariel?” he says, and I stand up straight, a little wary about what’s coming next. “You declared this morning that you’re not going to reject your mating bond with Jackson just because Luca wants you to, right?”
“Right,” I say instantly.
“Really?” Jackson asks, and I turn my head to see a wide smile on his face. I smile back at him, sending a sense of faith and happiness down our bond, as well as a very tiny scolding that he should be at all surprised. His smile deepens.
“And,” Rafe says slowly, drawing my attention back to him. “Are you willing to reject Luca, because Jackson wants you to?”
“No,” I say instantly, my hand going to my chest, my heart breaking at the very idea. My eyes move to Luca’s and I can feel his own horror, his incredible sense of impending fear and loss. I shake my head, fervent, letting him know that I would never. Slowly, he grits his teeth and nods, believing me.
“Okay,” Rafe says, nodding again and turning back to the boys. “Well, is either of you willing to break your bond with Ariel?”
“No!” they say in unison before turning to glare at each other, I think a little pissed to finally agree on a point – any point – in this complicated manner. 
“Okay, cool,” Rafe says, giving a shrug and lifting his coffee to his mouth. “Then, obviously, we have to find a way to deal with this. Figure out where your boundaries are and…how to live with this situation as it is – because clearly, you’re all stuck in it.”
“Look at you, cousin,” Jesse says, pleased as he sinks into his armchair with a donut in his hand, taking a bite. “What are you, on Therapy track, instead of Warrior? That was good.”
My eyes narrow at Jesse. Donuts? Where the hell did he get one of those?
Rafe just grins at our cousin before Luca steps forward, pissed.
“No way,” Luca says, shaking his head and jutting out a hand. “I see what you’re doing here – this is…this is all what Ariel wants, but what I want is important too. I don’t – I don’t want to live like this.”
“Valid,” Rafe says, nodding to him. “So, tell us what you want, Luca.”
“What I do not want,” Luca says, glaring at Rafe and then at me. “Is a polyamorous relationship. I do not want a girlfriend who has another boyfriend. I can’t…I can’t live like that.”
“Well, then that sounds like your boundary,” Rafe says quietly. “What about you, Jacks?”
Some of Jackson’s confidence has left him now that he’s not dealing with a confrontation with another Alpha and is instead doing what is probably his least favorite thing in the world: talking about his emotions. “Um,” he says, lifting a hand to rub anxiously at the back of his neck. “I don’t know. I mean…whatever…”
My eyebrows go up because…well, did Jackson just admit that he’s okay with me having two boyfriends?
“No, Jacks,” Jesse says, his mouth full of donut as he points an accusatory finger in Jackson’s direction. “Don’t do that.”
“Do what?” Jackson growls, clearly displeased to be countered.
“You’re lying to be easy, to make Ariel happy,” Jesse says, perfectly casual like Rafe is. I blink, my eyebrows going up as I look at Jackson again, surprised to see him scowling and looking away. “I saw you last night – you were devastated at the idea of her being with someone else. Tell the truth, Jacks – that’s what we’re trying to do here. Get it all out on the table so we can figure out what to do.”
Ben sits down on the couch next to Rafe, watching everything unfold like a television drama. I sigh, scowling and crossing my arms, feeling oddly out of place and like a pawn. I mean, don’t I get a say in this?
###Chapter 151
Chapter 0251
But also…what is it that I want? Do I actually want like…two boyfriends? How would that even work? And what does that look like in twenty years – do we all just…live in a house together? Would we…have kids?
God, this is so weird.
Jackson blushes deeply now that he’s been put on the spot, his mouth twisting as he looks down at the floor.
“Well?” Rafe asks. “Speak now, Jacks, this is your chance to say what you really want. Are you cool with Ariel dating Luca too? Or…”
“Fine, whatever,” Jackson snaps, unhappy to be pressed into telling his truth and not looking at me. “I want what Luca wants, if you really want to know. I want my mate to myself, I don’t want to share her with anyone.” He raises his eyes to glare at Luca a little, like it’s all his fault.
“All right,” Rafe says, sounding satisfied. I turn to him in confusion now, my hands spreading at my sides because…I mean, we didn’t decide anything –
“It looks like you’re going to have to choose, Ari,” Rafe says, his face even and his voice controlled.
My mouth pops open in horror.
“Well, they don’t want to be in an open relationship,” he says, gesturing towards my mates with my coffee mug.
“But we said -!”
“I know,” Rafe says, nodding, reading my mind. “And I still stand by that. You have a right to explore both of your mating bonds, which the Goddess gave you – a gift from our grandmother.”
“Wait, what?” Jackson asks, stepping forward a little, confused.
“We’ll explain that later,” Jesse murmurs, waving a hand at Jackson, his eyes trained on Rafe.
“But,” Rafe says, holding up a finger, “I don’t think that it’s fair for you to have unlimited time to explore those bonds. I think that, in deference to what your mates have stated they want…that you should take the time you need to make your decision, but that in the end…” he holds my eyes now, knowing that it’s breaking my heart, “you should choose one of them, Ariel. It’s…it’s not fair not to, if that’s not what they want.”
My mouth pops open as I stare at my brother and then over at my two mates, my heart breaking at the idea of not having one of them.
Because –
I mean –
They’re – they’re mine –
They’re both mine!
“Rafe,” I say, my voice thick with my grief at the idea, “I can’t…”
“Well, we can’t,” Luca says, folding his arms and staring at me, hard. I feel all of his sadness, all of his grief as he does. “I mean, I don’t speak for Jackson, but I can’t live like this. Not forever. For a little bit…” he sighs, hanging his head, thinking about it. “Maybe. Maybe, Ariel. Because I think I’m better for you than he is, your true mate, but because you might need time to figure that out? I think…I think I could live with it. For a while.”
Shocked, my eyes move to Jackson next.
But he doesn’t say a word, just holding my eyes.
And as I stare at him, I realize what the emotions are coming down my bond with him – just…a desperate desire, an open yes, absolute horror at the idea that he could lose me and a determination to keep me on any terms.
As I realize that that’s how my sweet mate is feeling – so desperate, so ready to say yes to whatever keeps me by his side no matter what the terms - I set my jaw and raise my chin, determined to do what’s right.
Because it’s not fair to Jacks. Even if he hasn’t said it aloud, he wants me so badly that he’s willing to take me however he can get me, even if that means sharing me with Luca, which is not what he wants to do. And Luca – he knows how to fight for himself, knows how to ask for what he wants, to insist upon it. 
But Jackson…
And I can’t…suddenly, I can’t anymore. I can’t insist on both of them letting me have them forever, even if it’s what I want, because it’s just not fair. If it’s not what they want, not what they can give, then it’s not fair.
“Fine,” I say, my lip shaking and my eyes filling with tears as I raise my chin and move my eyes back to my brother. “Fine. I’ll…I’ll choose. If that’s what’s fair, then that’s what I’ll do.”
###Chapter 152
Chapter 152
Chapter 0252 
My brother, seeing the very real grief on my face, stands and moves to my side, pulling into a hug. “You’re getting the best end of this deal,” he murmurs after a moment. Then Rafe loosens his arms and stands between me and my mates, not letting them see the sadness written in every line of me because he knows I need to stand strong in this decision that I need to make it myself, without them. 
” 
“I know,” I whisper, my heart breaking as my brother wipes the two tears that fall quickly off of my cheeks, not wanting them to see. “I get it…it’s just…god, Rafe, I can’t imagine…” 
“I know,” he murmurs, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to my forehead. “But neither can they. I think it’s right, Ariel or if not right, then the fairest. We can – we can talk to mom and Cora when we get home. Maybe talk to the Goddess? See…see if we can get a better perspective. But for right now, this makes peace.” 
I take a deep breath, looking up into my brother’s face, and then I nod, working hard to steady myself. When he sees that I’m in control again, Rafe turns around, slipping a 
protective arm around my shoulders and looking between Luca and Jackson. “So, we’re good with this? We’re agreed?” 
“Well, what’s the timeline?” Luca asks, frowning, his hand sunk into his pockets. 
“No set timeline,” Rafe replies, looking down at me with a nod. “When Ari knows…she’ll know.” 
“So what, we could do this for years?” Luca gasps, appalled. 
“It’s enough, Luc,” Jesse snaps from the couch, glaring at him a little. “You’ve already asked her to choose one mate today, and it’s already breaking her heart. Stop trying to pin it down more. She’s given enough.” 
Luca huffs a sigh, hanging his head, but after a moment he nods, giving in. “Fine.” 
“Jacks?” Rafe asks. My mate doesn’t reply to him, just holding me with his dark–blue gaze. Then, just once, he nods. 
“Wow,” Ben murmurs, I think not even realizing that he said it aloud as he looks between all of us. And I have to admit, I share his sentiment. It’s just all…a lot. 
And we all stand very, very still, I think none of us having any idea, at all, what to do next. 
Suddenly, we all give a collective flinch as the sound of bells peels out from somewhere in the castle. 
“Shit,” Rafe gasps, turning towards the sound. “Shit, shit.” 
“What is that?” I ask, turning my head almost as if I could see them, though obviously I can’t. “Since when does the castle have bells!? Since when do they ring them!?” 
“It’s tradition!” Jesse shouts, jumping up from the couch and hopping over the back of it, darting for his bed. “End of term! Shit, the train is going to be here in like ten minutes, and we haven’t even packed!” 
– 
– and I I gasp, suddenly realizing the gravity of this – I haven’t packed at all, not a stitch spin towards my nook. But as I rip the velvet curtain back, I turn with a frown, because there are footsteps 
– 
“Where are you going?” I call, seeing both of my mates heading for the door. 
“To get our stuff!” Luca calls over his shoulder, worried. “I’ll meet you at the train, Ariel! It’s fine!” 
Jackson doesn’t say a word. I bite my lip, glancing between my possessions and the door, and then decide that I don’t have anything here that I can’t reproduce at home except my homework. I grab my textbook, tossing it to Ben who – already packed – sits casually at the coffee table, sipping from his mug. “Pack that for me!” I shout, darting for the door. 
When I get to our open doorway I look left and right, a little grateful when I see that Luca and Jackson have taken different sets of stairs down to the single dorm floors. I bite my lip, shooting a glance in Luca’s direction before darting after Jacks. 
“Jackson!” I call, starting down the spiral staircase after him. I’m moving so fast that I almost have to skid to a stop when I realize he stopped in the middle of the stairs, where I couldn’t see him. 
“Whoa!” he says, catching me with an arm around my waist before I slam into him or careen down the steps and break my neck. 
But there’s no time to think about any o fthat. 
“Jacks,” I say, taking his face in my hands, worried. “You’re still coming, right? To the Palace? For break?” 
###Chapter 153
Chapter 153
Chapter 0253 
Jackson hesitates, glancing away from me and looking down the stairs. 
“Jacks!” I gasp, pulling his face back to look at mine, aghast at the idea that he wouldn’t come. “You said you! You told my 
mom!” 
“Ariel,” he sighs, shaking his head and wrapping the arm around my waist tighter, pulling me closer so that my feet are barely on the stairs anymore, my weight all on him. “It’s just… it’s been a lot, okay? And I’m no good with this…people stuff, and there are going to be a lot of people there for winter break.” 
Understatement of the year, but I don’t say anything that will encourage him on this ridiculous idea not to come. 
“Maybe it’s better for me to not go?” Jackson says, soft, hesitant. “To just take the next two weeks to get my head together, and stay here where it’s quiet, and then I’ll see you when you get back?” 
“Jackson,” I cry, my heart breaking at the idea. God, not seeing him, for two weeks? After everything we’ve been through in the past few days? 
He groans, clenching his teeth at the sound I make. “Don’t ask me, Ari,” he whispers, shaking his head, his eyes exhausted and sad. “Don’t ask me for more today, because if you ask, you know I’ll give it – I can’t say no –” 
“Baby,” I murmur, taking a hand from his cheek and running it through his hair, not 
knowing where the pet name came from, not worrying about that now. But Jackson closes his eyes at the sound of it, hardly able to bear it. And even though he’d probably die rather than let anyone hear me call him that… 
…I know that he likes it. He likes it a lot. 
“It will be good, Jacks,” I whisper, a promise in every word. “I promise it will be good, we won’t push you too far we’ll…we’ll make sure you’re happy. All of us.” 
Jackson opens his eyes, staring up at me, and the bells start to peel again. 
Worried, he glances down the stairs, and I know he has to get to his room to get his things. 
“Just meet us at the train,” I whisper, again turning his face back to me again before pressing a kiss to his mouth – fast, too short, not at all what I really want to do. I pull back, staring into his eyes. “Just meet us at the train, all right? Jackson?” 
+15 BO 
“I’ll try,” he whispers, looking up into my face. And I nod, knowing that’s the best I’m going to get right now, and that he means it. He will try, but if it’s too much… 
Well, my mate has a tendency to run, doesn’t he? 
Jackson kisses me again, just as swift as the last, before carefully putting me on my feet and letting me go. “Get back to your brother,” he growls, narrowing his eyes a little. “Don’t ge wandering around this castle by yourself –” 
(( 
“Oh, they’re ten feet away,” I snap, rolling my eyes and turning to dart up the stairs. “The train, Jacks!” I call over my shoulder. “I’ll see you there!” 
But as I hurry up the stairs, he doesn’t call anything after me, and my heart sinks. I hope to the ends of me that he comes, but part of me knows…well, I know that if he was going to come, he would have told me so. He would have promised. 
“Ari!” Rafe shouts as I reach the top of the stairs, frowning furiously at me. “Come on!” 
I dash to his side, trying to get back into the room, but Jesse and Ben are already at the door, backpacks over their arms. 
“I tried,” Ben says, apologetic as he hands me a woefully under–packed bag. “I don’t know which of your things you wanted –” 
“It’s fine,” I say, trying my best to give him a smile and slinging the pack over my shoulder. 
“Let’s go,” Rafe says, pressing me on the shoulder and turning me back towards the stairs. ” We are not missing this train. We are getting home, tonight. To see our parents and our insane passel of siblings.” 
“And to drink our faces off.” Jesse murmurs, shooting me a wink as I laugh and the four of us hurry down the stairs. “And get back in touch with all of Ariel’s friends 
(( 
I gasp at that, but Ben laughs and gives me another little shove, making me move forward. 
Forward to the train, where I’m supposed to meet my mates And bring them home to meet my family. 
– 
both of them.
###Chapter 154
Chapter 154
Chapter 0254 
We basically have to sprint across the field where the candidate barracks are to get down to the train tracks in time. The sleek train is waiting there, puffing steam, filling with cadets all eager to get home for winter break. As we run I mentally thank my mother again for her healing powers – who would have thought that two days ago I was basically dead over Jackson’s shoulder, and now here I am dashing across a field with my best friends, a mostly- empty bag bouncing on my back? 
When we get down to the tracks I see that the platform itself is getting sparse, pretty much all the cadets already having boarded, and I dart immediately for a door to the train, wanting to get in and get a seat. But before I can even grab the little handle to lift myself into the closest train car, Jesse grabs my arm. 
“Ari, what are you doing!?” 
I spin, stumbling a little as I look up at him. “I’m getting on the damn train, Jesse!” 
My cousin just grins down at me and gestures down the tracks. “Come on,” he says, laughing. “Our seats are back here.” 
“What?” I let myself be lead down the line, frowning the whole way, but then my face shifts quickly into surprise and delight when I see the bright red caboose attached to the end of the train. 
Because of course. Of course mom and dad sent the royal car for us to take back to the city. 
“Oh my god,” I murmur, my hands going to my cheeks, my embarrassment competing with my pleasure and losing immediately. “That’s…that’s so nice of them.” 
“Whoa,” Luca says at my side, and I jump a little when I realize that it’s him standing there. And then I burst into a grin as he slips an arm around my waist and pulls me tight for a second before
turning his gaze back to the train itself. I watch his eyebrows raise as he takes in the beautiful coach with its cheerful, shiny red sides, its gilt details. “We are traveling in style today.” His voice is a little breathless. 
“Wait till you see inside,” Rafe laughs, glancing at Luca and Ben, who is also staring at the coach, dazzled. But before we can get any further a group of guards step onto the platform in front of us, a handcuffed cadet between them. 
And all of us simultaneously go still because… 
Well, because it’s Wright. 
1/3 
+15 BONUS 
And god, but he looks like shit. 
Wright’s face lifts at the sudden silence before him and he flinches immediately back when he sees Rafe, Jesse, Luca, and Ben at my side – all of my Alphas, who bare their teeth and take defensive stances, ready to spring at him if he even takes one wrong stumbling step in my direction. 
But when his eyes fall on me, Wright can’t help the cruel snarl that twists his face. He doesn’t say a word, but the hate radiates off him, nearly palpable in the air. As he stares at me I know without a doubt that he doesn’t regret a damn thing. In fact, if he had the chance? He would absolutely try to murder me again, his reasons for committing the crime now only compounded in his mind. 
Still, despite his venom and his determination, something about this – about Wright shackled and beaten while I stand, healthy and hale, with my best friends and my family all 
around? 2 
I realize, now, my power. That even if Wright can kill me with his bare hands… 
Well, I’ve got much more than bare hands to defend myself with, don’t I? 
“Hey, Wright,” I say, far too cheerful as I put on my best Princess smile and step forward to greet him, my hands innocently tucked behind my back. I purse my lips a little in mock pity as I look him over, taking in each and every one of his bruises. “Did you have…a rough couple days?” 
The snarl that rips from Wright’s mouth is vicious and deadly, but one of his guards just cuffs him over the back of the head and he stumbles forward, moving along. 
“Have a nice winter break!” I call over m 
shoulder as my enemy walks away, a little gleeful at my victory over this terrible man. Luca, pleased, laughs and puts an arm around my shoulders giving me a squeeze. 
“He’s going to have an absolute shit winter break,” Rafe murmurs, slipping his hands into his pockets and watching Wright go as Jesse and Ben climb up the 
ttle set of gilt stairs and into our train car. “He’s being incarcerated over the holidays, so he’ll be in a cell while we’re all celebrating. But his trial will be held after the holidays pass, but before we return to school.” 
― 
and he totally tried to murder me he was allowed to “So, even though he was accused take the candidate finals?” I ask, looking up at my brother, curious. 
Te 
Rafe slowly nods, meeting my eyes. “It’s all still allegations at this point, Ari. If he is declared innocent, he’ll return to school. They had to let hi 
take the tests to see if he’d 
###Chapter 155
Chapter 155
Chapter 0255 
A little worry curls in me at this and I open my mouth to ask more questions, but suddenly the train emits a loud whistle that makes me leap nearly out of my boots. 
“Come on!” Jesse calls, sticking his head out from inside the coach. “There’s champagne in here! I am not waiting for you! If it’s all gone by the time you get in here then you only have yourselves to blame!” 
I laugh, moving eagerly forward, Rafe and Luca following close behind. But just as I put my foot up on the prettily–wrought golden stair, I hear someone shyly clear their throat behind me. I gasp, recognizing the sound somehow, and spin, my eyes wide. 
“Daphne!” I shout, thrilled to see her standing there, a tiny suitcase anxiously clutched in her hands, her auburn hair curling prettily over her shoulders. 
“Um,” she says, biting her lip, looking at me with sad and sorry eyes, her whole body tight with unease. “Is it okay? I mean…does my invitation to the Capital for midwinter still 
stand?” 
“Daph!” I shout with a laugh, dashing away from the train car towards my friend and almost knocking her over in my eagerness as I hug her tight to me. She gasps a little at the force of me and then laughs too, wrapping one arm around me, her suitcase pressed between us. “Of course it stands! I’m so happy to see you! I’m so happy you came!” 
“I’m so sorry, Ari,” she whispers, and I can tell by the tightness in her words that she’s on the edge of tears. The train emits another sharp whistle and starts to rumble. “I didn’t want to do it, but they made me – they said I wouldn’t be allowed to keep my job if I didn’t –” 
“This is all very nice!” Luca shouts, and I jump a bit, turning to see him leaning from the edge of the gilt stairs, already boarded, a hand out towards us. “And I hate to interrupt a sentimental moment, but you two need to get on now, because this train is leaving!” 
Almost as if Luca’s words themselves made the train move, it gives a sudden jolt and starts forward. I gasp, shoving Daphne in front of me, and she stumbles towards Luca’s hand, grasping it. Luca pulls Daphne upwards with ease as I start to run alongside the train, but my powerful mate handles the situation like he’s done it all his life. After Luca safely hands Daphne off to a waiting Jesse, who, beaming, helps her into the car, he reaches out for me. 
I grab Luca’s hand he Luca laughs as he pulls me upwards, settling me against his chest as the train pulls away from the platform and picks up speed. I turn towards the carriage, eager to get inside, but he holds me still for a moment, smiling down into my face. 
1/2 
+15 B?NUS 
“Almost too late, Princess,” he purrs, putting a hand on my cheek and running his thumb over my lower lip just briefly, just once. 
“Never too late,” I say, lifting my chin and shaking back my head in a way that would send my hair cascading over my shoulders if it weren’t tucked up under my cap a 
– a very girlish, very Princess sort of gesture. “I am royalty, after all. This train leaves when I say it does.” 
“Yeah right,” he mutters, laughing at me. “We almost left you crying on the tracks, and then you’d have had to run home –.” 
But when I start to sputter a protest, pounding him ineffectually on the chest with my fists, Luca just laughs harder, and so I do, and he lowers his face to mine and presses a kiss to my mouth like he can’t help it. And I know I should care, should worry about who might see us kissing out in the open like this but as the train begins to speed through the countryside, and the air whips around us, and my mate kisses me all alone – just the two of us – little platform on the caboose of the train taking us back to the Capital? 
– 
on the 
God, but I can’t bring myself to care. Because it’s just so perfect, and just so wonderful, to be here and wrapped in his arms. 
But as we speed away, and I lose myself in Luca, my little wolf raises her snout in my soul and looses a tiny, mournful howl, sniffing the air. 
Her little nose works hard, trying to find any trace of the scent of embers and pine, leather and whiskey and cold winter nights. 
But sniff as she might, we both know it’s not there. 
And she lets out another tiny, mournful noise. And then tucks her head down against her paws. 
###Chapter 156
Chapter 156
Chapter 0256 
“Come on,” Luca murmurs, smiling down at me, and when I open my eyes I can’t help but smile back. “Let’s get inside – they’re probably eating Daphne alive in there.” 
“Oh, no they’re not,” I say, dismissive of the idea and unwilling to go inside just yet, relishing this moment alone with my mate. I leaning closer against him for a warm moment, enjoying the hard muscle of his chest against my cheek, knowing that Ben and 
which Rafe and Jesse are being perfect gentlemen inside. Or, at least, Ben and Rafe are, should be enough. 
But Luca gives me a nudge, and when I look up at him, he wrinkles his nose at me. “Come on, gorgeous, let’s get you some of that champagne.” 
“You trying to get me drunk, mate?” I murmur, smiling. 
“Oh, absolutely,” he growls, dipping his face closer to mine for a quick kiss. And I laugh, but look over my shoulder, newly eager to get inside and see what my parents have set up for us. “Come on,” I say, grabbing Luca’s hand and turning to tug him inside, wanting him to see it. Because the train car – it really is something special. 
As we duck through the door and I place my backpack on the little luggage rack next to the door, I do my best to tuck my anxieties about the missing Jackson away, not wanting Luca to feel any of it. Because I am excited to be here with him, and with the rest of my family and friends, and none of them deserve to have their excitement spoiled by me worrying about where my second mate is. 
But I have to admit – it’s very difficult. Because where is he? Did he seriously choose two weeks of solitude over winter break with me, just because he’s overwhelmed? 
I put a determined smile on my face, though, shoving these worries away as wave Luca into the beautiful train car, enjoying the way that his mouth hangs open as he turns around, taking in the gorgeous woodwork, the red leather and velvet seating all around. But even as I smile at Luca, my eyes catch on Rafe, who stands by the window with his arms crossed, watching me with a raised eyebrow. 
Rafe and I don’t have a mind–link, obviously, but I can read the question all over his face. He’s intuiting that I have definitely noticed Jackson’s absence, as he has, and he’s asking me silently if I’m okay. 
I give my brother a short nod and a shrug when Luca’s back is turned because what am I supposed to do about it now? Go to pieces, and ruin everyone’s good mood? Rafe holds my 
1/2 
+15 B?NUS 
gaze for a long moment and then nods once, steady. And in that, I know that he’s telling me that he hears me, and he understands, and that whatever he needs me to do – he’ll do it. 1 
And I beam at him, loving my brother anew for his secret, steady empathy, for his willingness to already be there. 
Bolstered, I turn my attention back to the room, taking a further step in and deciding to dedicate myself to this moment, and to turn my mind to Jackson when I can. Because there’s already enough here drawing on my attention. 
“This is amazing…” Luca murmurs, 
his eyes 
wide as he finishes looking around at the long row of windows on both sides of the car that allow us to look out over the countryside, the rich warmth of the wood–paneled walls. A little overwhelmed, he sinks onto a plush velvet seat by the window, leaning his arm against the adjoining table and staring over at the bar at the far side of the room where of course – Jesse is already pouring drinks, Daphne at his side being helpful and setting out the glasses. 
– 
Behind Jesse is a set of glass–lined refrigerators and cabinets that display an insane amount of delicious food – far too much for the six of us to eat and drink on the journey to the 
Capital. But her hearty 
congratulashand is all 
over it, and I can see that it’s her gift to us, 
congratulations. She’s stocked all of our favorites, after all – all the sandwiches we like, all the treats, all the things we like to drink. 
Only wine and beer, I note with a grin, because she wants us to show up to the capital sober enough to walk. But, she also wants us to have a good time. 
“Do you like it?” I ask, stepping closer to Luca with a smile and running a hand through his hair, unable to keep from touch it. 
“Um, obviously,” he says with a laugh, grinning up at me and slipping a hand around my hips. “Do you seriously travel like this all the time?” 
“This,” I say on a sigh, trying to sound as snobby as possible and make him laugh. “Or the private jet, or the helicopter, if we’re only going short distances but the bar cart on the helicopter is just
terrible – ” 
Luca bursts into laughter, as I hoped he would, and pulls me into his lap, wanting me close. I press a kiss to his cheek, nudging him with my nose a little, so incredibly happy to be here.” Do you mind if I talk to Daphne?” I whisper, my eyes darting over to her behind the bar where Jesse is finishing up pouring out champagne. “I want to make sure that she knows that we’re okay-” 
###Chapter 157
Chapter 157
Chapter 0257 
“Of course, Gorgeous,” Luca says, frowning at me a little, like he’s ashamed that I felt like I had to ask. He loosens his arm around me. “You don’t have to –” 
. 
“I know,” I say, interrupting and looking at him quite seriously. “But Luca, it’s not like we haven’t had our own challenges these past two days too –” 
He smiles at me, at the understatement of it all, and I can’t help the matching smile that takes my lips. 
“I just don’t want you to think you’re not important to me,” I murmur, pressing a warm hand to his cheek and sending a great deal of warmth down our bond. “Or that she’s more important, or ” 
“I get it,” Luca says, nodding to me and pressing a kiss to my cheek. “We’re good, Ari – go check in with your friend! Friendships are important!” 
A great deal of love swells in me at Luca’s support and I hug him tight for a moment, so grateful for him. Because there’s something in me that knows that he came off as the selfish one in this whole thing – that he was the one to first say he wanted me to give up Jackson, that he wanted a timeline on me making my choice between them. 
But really, overall, Luca has been so supportive of me at every turn. Hell, he was eager to have me even when he thought it meant changing his entire understanding of his sexuality. He just…loves me, and wants me to himself like everyone else with a mate does, and he isn’t shy about voicing that. But when it comes to what I want, and what I need? 
At every turn, Luca has been on my side, even if it takes him a moment to get there. 
I’m just so, so lucky to have him in my life. 
– 
“Love you,” Luca murmurs, holding me tight for a second before he lets me go. And I beam at him, pressing another kiss to his mouth before I stand up and move over to the bar. Ben – angel that he is 
takes two glasses of champagne off the little tray next to Daphne and carries them over to Luca, wanting to keep him company. 
– 
“Hi,” I say, almost skipping to Daphne’s side, where she hands me a glass of champagne and gives me a shy smile. 
“Hi,” she replies, laughing a little. 
“Be careful with that,” Jesse calls to me with a studied frown, peering over Daphne’s shoulder. “I poured this champagne, and checked to ensure the bottle was sealed before I 
1/2 
+15 BONUS 
opened it, but Daphne may have slipped something in that when my back was turned –” 
Daphne groans, covering her face with her hand and shaking her head, even as she laughs a little at Jesse’s teasing. 
“You could wake up on the floor of this train twenty–four hours from now, or absolutely anywhere else, completely under Daphne’s control –” Jesse continues in mock–seriousness, grinning at me
now that Daphne can’t see. 
“Will I never live this down!?” Daphne calls, her face still buried in her hand. 
“Oh, when you’ve given him ammunition like this?” Rafe asks, laughing and stepping close, taking his own champagne glass from Jesse. “Daphne, this is enough for years worth of teasing. He may spin this one out until the end of time.” 
Daphne sighs, dropping her hand to look up at the Prince and the Duke with a little good- humored exhaustion. 
“Greatest midwinter gift I’ve ever been given,” Jesse says, grinning at her and lifting his glass of champagne in her direction. “I’m eternally grateful, Daph.” 
“Yeah, yeah,” she murmurs, flapping a hand at him, “saves me from having to buy you a sweater, doesn’t it?” We all laugh as the train chugs along, our little car rocking softly from side to side as we go. 
“To Daphne,” Rafe calls out, raising his champagne glass. We all do the same, everyone smiling – even Daphne, who blushes a warm and pleased red. “Who has knocked us all out with her poison, yes, but especially with her warm presence and rich company. We’re so pleased you’re here, Daph.” 
And as I raise my glass to my friend, I don’t miss the way that Rafe smiles at her. 
It’s a smile that I’m not sure I’ve seen before on Rafe, a very…rare sort of smile. That he perhaps saves for a very rare sort of girl. 
Anxious, my eyes dart to Ben, who I see… 
Well, I see that Ben doesn’t miss it either. 
And that his own smile looks more forced than it usually does. 
###Chapter 158
Chapter 158
Chapter 0258 
A cheer goes round the train car and we all lift our glasses higher, toasting our friend and making her feel at home, before we each take a sip. Daphne, a little embarrassed but clearly pleased, struggles to take a sip because she’s smiling so hard. A little rush of joy moves through me as the rich taste of the champagne moves across my tongue, the bubbles echoing the effervescent happiness of my soul in this moment. 
“Well, thank you,” Daphne says, nodding her head around to all of us. “But the true celebration is your success at the Academy this first semester-” 
We all cheer round at this too, laughing and shouting, I think needing this outlet after the 
stress of it all. – 
“To making it throu 
Daphne says, raising her glass again, and we all toast to this as well, sipping more. When it’s all done, I frown at mine and Daphne’s half–filled glasses and move around her to grab the second bottle of champagne out of Jesse’s hands the moment he pops it open. 
“Hey!” he shouts in protest, but I know that he doesn’t really care as I take the bottle by the 
neck and move back to Daphne’s side. 
J 
“Sorry, this is girl champagne,” I say, giving a little shrug and carefully looping my arm with Daphne’s, grinning at her and nodding towards the door to the bathroom at the far end of the room. I turn my smile on her alone now. “Want to take a second, just me and you?” 
“Well, if there’s girl champagne involved,” she says, giving a happy little shrug. “Who am I to protest?” 
“I know there’s some boy champagne back here,” Jesse murmurs jokingly, ducking beneath the bar and pretending to search. 
“Boy champagne is just whiskey,” Rafe mutters, dry, as Daphne and I move along to the bathroom and I push open the door. “Is there any of that back there?” 
A with 
“Yes!” Jesse shouts, victorious, popping back up a tiny bottle that our dad either forgot to have removed or secretly hid there, knowing Rafe would want it. It’s his drink, after all. Boy champagne, all around!” 
And, as the boys start to pull out cut crystal glasses to drink their own toast, I shut the door behind Daphne and I and prepare myself for a much–needed bit of girl time. 
When I turn around, prepping to pour both of us more champagne, I smile to see Daphne 
(( 
1/3 
+15 BONUS 
looking around a bit in awe. 
“Um,” she murmurs, taking in the wide pink cushion that stretches along the length of the window, the crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling, the marble finishes to the sink and the tucked–away toilet area. “This was….not what I was expecting when I thought ‘train bathroom.“” 
“I know,” I say, laughing and gesturing over to the window seat. “This was…all mom. But she knows that a bathroom is for more than bodily function.” 
It’s true, though. As Daphne and I settle ourselves onto the pink cushion and I refill our flutes, I consider that while mom and dad designed this caboose together – as they do most things – she really took the reins in here. The main room of the train car has much more 
dad in it 
– 
dark colors, masculine lines, polished wood – all rich monied elegance. But here, with rose–gold details and lilies and soft bright lighting? 
Yup. Dad probably didn’t even think about the bathroom, and mom snuck this in. Which is probably why it’s my favorite space. 
“Ari,” Daphne sighs, and I open my mouth to stop her saying that she’s sorry – but she puts out a hand towards me. “Will you please let me get this apology out? It’s important to me. 
“But I’ve already forgiven you,” I say, smiling softly as I rest my head against the wall. “If there’s anything to forgive.” 
— 
“I know, and I’m grateful for that,” she says, nodding, “but…I mean, it’s unforgiveable, isn’t it? I feel like you may never trust me again. You should be able to trust me implicitly know that I’d never, ever slip something into your drink or betray you in any way. Because, I 
if I can be bought so easily…well, why would you trust me in the future?” 
mean, 
“What do you mean, bought?” I ask, frowning. 
“They were having trouble figuring out how to knock you all out before the trial,” she says with a worried frown. “Most of the cadets were eating alone or in two’s, so they just slipped it into the food, but you guys, with your party…. They came to me last minute and told me the plan. I refused at first, but they said if I didn’t do it then they’d fire me.” 
}) 
“Daph,” I say, shaking my head. “That was unfair of them, not you – you were just doing your job. And it was absolute crap for them to make you do something you were uncomfortable with and threaten your job if you didn’t.” 
“I know,” she replies with a frown. “But still…I don’t want anything to be damaged between 
us.” 
“And I promise you, it’s not!” I say, reaching out and putting a hand on her knee, willing 
2/3 
+15 B?NUS 
her to believe me. I watch as her eyes flick to the door too. “And they’re not mad either. Honestly, Daphne, we’re good! If anything, I’m going to have a talk with my dad about how they threatened you at work. That’s not right.” 
3/3 
###Chapter 159
Chapter 159
Chapter 0259 
Daphne sighs and we talk through some further protests, but finally we get to the point where we both feel like we’re on even terms. The champagne helps, I think, unwinding our tongues and our inhibitions, and after long I think we’re feeling even again, renewed. 
Which is how I know that it’s time to blow up our world again. 
“What?” she asks, frowning at me, sensing that I’m prepping to tell her something as she holds out her glass for a refill. I oblige her, filling my own as well. 
“I’ve been keeping secrets, Daph,” I say with a sigh. Her eyes go wide and I laugh little, shaking my head. “Nothing to do with you, but…” 
– 
And then, with another big sigh – honestly, I’m getting kind of tired of sighing I spill. I tell her everything about having two mates, and Luca and Jackson figuring it out last. night, and how everything went to pieces, and how Jackson didn’t show up for the train today. 
Daphne is an amazing listener, scooting immediately closer to me and wrapping an arm around my shoulders. She quietly listens to the whole story, nodding her understanding and hugging me tighter and tighter as I go. “Wow,” she murmurs when I’m all finished. “Ari – 
that’s…that’s insane.” 
“I know,” I groan, shaking my head. 
“I can’t believe Jackson didn’t come home for winter break,” she murmurs, looking over her shoulder out the back window of the caboose, almost as if she’ll see him running back up the tracks
behind us or something. “What a jerk.” 
I laugh a little, straightening up and shaking my head at her. “He’s not a jerk, Daphne, he doesn’t have it in him to be a jerk – 
– 
“All men do,” she says with narrowed eyes, and I laugh, which just makes her laugh in turn. 
“No, Jacks is….he’s just delicate in this way,” I say on a sigh. “I guess he just…needed a minute alone to figure out how he feels about all of this. But at least Luca’s here.” 
“Yeah,” Daphne says, patting my shoulder warmly. “But I get it. You wanted both of them you want both of them. It’s hard for everyone, I think.” 
– 
She takes a moment to consider me, tilting her head a little bit. “So,” she says quietly, “they want you to choose between them?” 
1/3 
Slowly I nod, sipping my champagne. 
+15 B?NUS 
“And are you…leaning one way or another yet?” Her question is hesitant, careful. 
My eyes go wide and my mouth pops open. “No!” I say, shaking my head vehemently. 
“Really?” she says, leaning forward, pressing but doing so delicately. “Like, not even at all? Not even a little bit of you liking one more than the other, or seeing a…a better life match? Or 
.” she wrinkles her nose a little bit here before lifting her champagne to her lips, “who might be… better in bed?” 
I burst out laughing at this and cover my face for a second with my hands. “No, Daphne,” I say with a sigh, dropping my hand and smiling at her. “I mean, honestly, they’re both really different and bring different thing to the table – but maybe it’s because I’m mated to both of them? But I’m absolutely not leaning towards one or the other right now. They’re both… 
mine.” 
I sigh, hoping it makes sense, even though I know it’s probably impossible unless you’re in my own heart. 
“Well, then that just makes it all harder, doesn’t it?” Daphne says, twisting her lips a little as she stares at me with empathy. 
I nod, leaning my head against the wall, grateful that she understands. 
Daphne’s eyes move over me now, taking in how sad and exhausted I am by all of this. I mean – it’s been a big couple of days. I think it makes sense that I’m tired and stressed by it all, even if we are celebrating today. 
“You know what might make you feel better?” she says, soft and encouraging. I lift my head, curious. She grins, leaning closer. “Turning you back into a girl.” 
I sit up straight, laughing “What!?” 
“Come on!” she says, her smile deepening. “Don’t you want to go back to the Capital as a girl!? You can borrow some of my clothes, and I have make up 
“Yes!” I shout, immediately enthused. “Oh my god, yes!” 
That’s enough for both of us. We jump off of the window seat and hurry for the door. The boys all turn to us in surprise as we burst through it, but we ignore them. Daphne heads immediately for her suitcase as I dash behind the bar, getting a bottle of wine instead of champagne so that we’re thoroughly fortified for our mission. 
“Important Princess business!” Daphne says loftily as she strides back towards the 
2/3 
bathroom, her case swinging in her hand. 
} 
0 
3/3 
###Chapter 160
Chapter 160
Chapter 0160 
“Yes, pay no attention!” I call to all the boys, chin high, as I head back into the main room of our train car after Daphne. “However, the bathroom will be off limits for the next hour, so you can all just…deal with it!” I’m about to close the 
door behind me when I hear Luca’s next words. 
“Do I even want to know?” Luca murmurs to the boys, a little shocked and fascinated as he watches us go. 
I grin, pressing my eye to the crack in the door and watching this unfold. 
“Nope, it’s girl stuff.” Rafe says, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “So, you definitely do not.” 
“You poor thing,” Ben says, resting his hand supportively on Luca’s other shoulder. “I always forget you don’t have sisters, so you’re completely unaware of the rules and codes of girl time.” 
“Welcome to this land of mysteries,” Jesse says gravely, raising a glass of whiskey towards Luca. Luca responds with a smirk, raising his own glass and clinking it against my cousin’s. “There’s a lot of glitter here.” 
I laugh, rolling my eyes at all four of them, and press the door firmly shut. And with that Daphne and I lock ourselves away and get to work. 
My brows arch when I see the incredible amount of clothes that Daphne has 
packed into such a small case. 
“I know,” she says as we lean over cache together and she quickly sorts through it. “I’m a great packer. Plus, I really like these thin fabrics that really save space 
Daphne quickly explains the logic behind her packing choices while pulling out a few options that she thinks will suit me. Daphne is taller and a little fuller- figured than me, and certainly more gifted in the chest, so she picks a few options that are not quite as fitted. I admire each of them in turn, but a soft “oohh” slips from my lips when she pulls out a mod–style navy dress with white trim and gold. 
details. 
“Yeah!?” Daphne says, grinning at me. “You like this one?” 
19 BONUS 
“Can I?” I squeak, taking it gently in my hands. Daphne laughs and pushes it towards me and I quickly change as Daphne pulls a pair of white booties out of the bottom of the case. As I pull the dress over my head, I bless our luck that our feet are miraculously the same size. 
When I turn to look at myself in the large mirror above the sink, I give a little gasp. Because, I mean, it’s just a chic little day dress it’s certainly not the most. dramatic thing I’ve ever worn. But in the mirror I see a girl looking back at me 
And god, god I’ve missed being a girl. 
“Yup, this is the one,” Daphne says, coming to stand beside me and tugging at the dress in her seamstress way. “Let’s just fix the hem a little-” 
I laugh and wave a hand at her. “It doesn’t need to be fixed, it’s perfect 
– 
“It’s an inch too long!” Daphne protests, horrified, even though the hem is already a little past mid– thigh. “And if this is my first time dressing a Princess, then it’s going to be perfect!” 
“You’ve been dressing a Princess for months,” I remind her, dry. But Daphne just laughs and ignores me, getting her needle and thread and rapidly making the changes she wants to ensure that the fit is, as she said, perfect. That done, we move on to my hair and my makeup – just light touches, but things that make me feel more and more like my former self as the time passes. 
― 
But as my image in the mirror transforms, I have to admit I’m not sure how I 
feel about it. 
“What?” Daphne asks, leaning back a little as she takes in my frown, the little stick of eyeliner suddenly still in her hand. “You don’t like this color?” 
“No,” I murmur, shifting my eyes to her from my reflection in the mirror. “It’s just…I don’t know if I want to be Princess Ariel again. She was kind of a pushover. Cadet Ari Clark is…tougher than she is.” 
“I hate to break it to you,” Daphne says, leaning in with a false grimace. “But Ariel…they’re the same person.” 
+15 BONUS 
I burst into laughter, cheered, and she does too. “No, but seriously, Daphne! I’m afraid I’ll fall into all my old ways I used to be so pleasant and obliging. I was willing to do anything – get married, even! Just to make peace and help the country. I guess I’m afraid that now that if I’m stepping back into that role, I’ll step back into those old habits.” 
“Yeah, but now you’re also a kickass marksman who knows a lot about 
poisons,” she says, shrugging and turning my face so she can finish the make up on my other eye. “So, if anyone tries to make you do anything you don’t want to, you can just smile pleasantly and slip something terrible into their dinner.” 
“Good point,” I murmur, but my mind still turns on it, wondering what it’s going to be like to go back the life of a Princess. Being a cadet – being a boy there were so many freedoms there, even if there were a great deal of secrets. 
“Well, I’ve got your back,” Daphne says quietly before she blows on my closed. eyelid to dry the liquid eyeliner. “And so does your cute little pack of Alphas out there 
###Chapter 161
Chapter 161
Chapter 0161 
Tlaugh, opening my eye. “Don’t let them hear you calling them cute.” 
“Oh, Jesse would kill to hear me call him cute,” she says, her voice heavy with the understatement, which just makes me laugh harder. 
“And what about you?” I ask, “What can I do to have your back?” 
“You’re already doing It,” she says cheerfully. “I mean, you’re brining me to the palace for winter break, Aril People would kill for that.” 
“It’s just my house,” I say with a sigh, rolling my eyes, wanting to do more, but. she laughs at that. 
“Well, you’re wearing my clothes,” she says, gesturing towards the dress. 
“That’s a favor you did me I protest, confused. “My mom makes sure I have probably the biggest wardrobe in the country besides hers, and here I am, stealing your dress 
“No, Ari,” she says, laughing, “you’re like…wearing my designs.” 
“Oh,” I say, looking down at the dress anew, “oh, like, you made this!?” 
“Of course I did!” she says, grinning at me. 
“Daphne!” I gasp, amazed. “This is like, a beautiful dress! This is amazing!” 
“And think about the gift you’ve given my mom, who will get to hear about you wearing it,” she says, laughing with me and turning me towards the mirror so I can take in the whole picture. Me, again a girl, again a Princess, standing with my friend in the dress she designed. I suddenly feel very warm, and very, very happy. 
“More people than that will see it,” I murmur, tilting my head to rest on her shoulder. “After all, the palace steps are going to be flooded with paparazzi.” 
“What?” she gasps. 
“The crown Prince and the Duke returning from their first successful semester at the Academy with Luca Grant in tow? Not to mention the missing Princess, who has suddenly appeared in this carriage?” I burst out laughing at the shock 
1/73 
on her face. “Yeah, Daphne – there’s going to be press.” 
“Oh my god,” she says, giving me a little shove. “I have to get changed! I can’t show up like this!” 
I grin, taking in her Seamstress uniform, the only thing I’ve ever seen her in except the pretty floral dress she wore to our party the night before the Examination. “I think you look great, Daph!” 
“Out, out!” she shouts, flapping her hands at me. “I need quiet! I need to think about this! Tell the boys still no more bathroom, because I need to plan and plot what I’m going to wear!” 
“Yes, ma’am!” I say, shaking my head and refilling her glass of wine, sensing. that she’ll need it, before I head out the door into the carriage. 
When I step out into the main room of the train car, I stop a little when everything goes silent. My eyes go wide as I instantly whip my head around, looking for threats, but then the silence is split by Jesse’s impressed whistle. 
“Well look at you, cousin!” he shouts, laughing. “It’s a girl!” 
I burst out laughing, blushing and giving a little curtsey as I realize their shock was just seeing me out of my Academy clothing for the first time in months. I smile at Luca especially, realizing that this is the first time he’s seeing me really in girl clothes outside of the dream state. 
“Who are you,” he says, his voice mock threatening as he slowly gets to his feet and narrows his eyes. “And what have you done, with my mate, Ari Clark?” 
“Aw, I threw him off the train,” I say, twisting my lips in mock apology as I gesture over my shoulder with my thumb. “Decided we don’t have use for him anymore at least not for the next couple of weeks.” 
“Awesome,” he murmurs, crossing the distance between us in two long steps and wrapping his arms around me, laughing. Behind us, Ben, Jesse and Rafe laugh and continue their conversation, giving us a second mostly alone. 
“So what do you think?” I ask, wrinkling my nose as I look up at him. “Do you like me all girly?” 
“I love you all girly,” he says, grinning down at me as he strokes a hand over my 
bair. “I mean, don’t get me wrong, I like you all tough in Cadet Black too 
“Thank you!” I say, quite pleased. 
“And I like you all stressed out in your pajamas, moaning in agony over a chemistry textbook –” 
I squeak a little, liking this one less. 
“And I like you when you’re asleep on the couch cushion, that cute little line of drool dripping out of your mouth –” 
It’s a full on shout of dissent now, even as I laugh, smacking my hands against his chest. “Rude!” I snap, though I can’t help my smile. 
“I like all iterations of Ariel,” he murmurs, pulling me tighter, and I drop my head back on my neck so that I can grin up at him, at his beautiful face, at the way his eyes crinkle at their corners when he teases me like this. “But you look. very beautiful today, and I’m excited to see this side of you along with the rest of them.” 
“Good,” I murmur, standing on my toes and pressing a kiss to his mouth. Because this train just started slowing down and you’re about to walk into the Capital with the Princess on your arm. Are you ready for it?” 
“Oh,” he murmurs, his voice a low, eager growl. “I’m ready for it, Ariel Sinclair. You just lead the way. 
###Chapter 162
Chapter 162
Chapter 0162 
A little bell dings in the train carriage, as it always does when we’re about ten minutes away from our destination. My head turns almost automatically towards Rafe and Jesse, who likewise turn towards me. We all nod, confirming that we all understand that we should prepare for our arrival to the capital, perhaps even come up with a plan or a story for how I got here, and why, and so on. 
But even as I look towards my brother, Luca’s arms tighten around me, and I look back up at him. “Do you have a second?” he asks, looking down at me with so much true sincerity in his eyes that I’m a little taken aback. 
“Sure,” I say, nodding to him, and then I glance back at Rafe and Jesse, silently letting them know I’m taking a minute, before I slip out of Luca’s arms and, taking his hand, lead him over to a quiet corner of the carriage. There we sit on a tiny little loveseat, so close that I’m basically in his lap. 
Luca takes a quiet moment to just look at me, lifting a hand to stroke his knuckles gently down the length of my cheek, his eyes searching mine.. 
“I wanted to say I was sorry,” Luca finally says, quite softly, turning his hand to cup my cheek as he looks into my face. 
“For what?” I breathe, raising my hand to cover his. “Luca, I haven’t said it enough, but I’m the one who should be sorry – and I am sorry 
– 
“No,” he interrupts, shaking his head. “You were well, I mean, Ariel, I’m still not thrilled about how everything went down. But I understand it better now – and I get why you did what you did. But…I behaved poorly, didn’t I?” 
“Luca,” I murmur, feeling terrible that he feels so bad because honestly, I think that all of his reactions were really, really normal. Most Alphas, when they meet their mates, are very volatile and protective everything he did and said fits that concept – he was just trying to keep me close, to keep threats to our bond away. 
“No,” Luca insists, his mouth twisting with disappointment. “Jesse was right when he said I was bullying you, manipulating you. I didn’t mean to, Ariel, I hopě. you can believe me with that 
1/3 
+18 BONUS 
“I do,” 1 breathe, nodding fervently and meaning it, passing all the trust I can along the bond to him. 
“I just I was so desperate not to lose you. And I was so scared that that’s what was happening. I was grasping at straws, trying to control the situation, and in doing so I was really unfair. Please, please forgive me for it.” 
My heart breaks when his voice cracks on his final words, and I can’t help crawling closer to him now, lifting myself fully into his lap, snuggling close to him as he wraps his arms around me. “It’s passed, Luca,” I whisper. “Don’t think on it anymore 
we were all in a terrible situation, we all behaved poorly. We’re all forgiven and we can move on.” 
– 
“Good,” he says, burying his face against my neck and taking a deep breath of my scent. “And in the future, I’ll…well, I want to say I’ll be better, but I think the best I can do is promise to try. I just get very desperate, when…when he’s 
around.” 
Nodding, understanding, I put my hands on his cheeks and lift his face to mine.” I get it,” I whisper, nodding. “I’ll try to. Try to be fair. Try to… 
But I have no words then, because even the idea of trying to pick between them, of having to say goodbye forever to one of them… 
God, my heart threatens to shatter into a thousand pieces. 
So, I don’t think on it. And instead I just stare down into Luca’s gorgeous face even despite his black eye and busted lip into his beautiful brown eyes, into the sweet, fierce spirit that I can see beneath them. And as I marvel at him a little bit, I smile. And I start to see his eyes crinkle at the corners, and I know that he feels my joy in him and gives it right back. 
“I really do think I’m right for you, Ari,” Luca whispers, sincerity in every line 
of his face as he leans close to me. 
I pull back a little, not really wanting to go there right now – especially not while half of me is still mourning that Jackson didn’t get on the train – but Luca gently reaches out and takes my hand, squeezing it softly. 
“No, please – I-“he sighs, and hangs his head a little, shaking it while he 
gathers his words. Then he raises his eyes again, “I’m not trying to pressure you or convince you of it in this moment. I’m just trying to tell you what I know to be true, all right? That we’re a match, Ari – a really good one. I can handle your life, and your family, and your out–of–the–box career choices, because they all match with mine so well. And if you’ll let me just….will you please let me show you. how good we can be?” 
###Chapter 163
Chapter 163
Chapter 0163 
A smile slowly grows on my lips, because who on earth could resist such a sweet request? “Okay, Luca,” I whisper in reply, nodding to him once, leaning forward again. “You show me, and I’ll listen.” 
“Good,” he murmurs, grinning at me. His hand twitches in mine, and a muscle in his jaw feathers, and I tilt my head, wondering what the hell he’s resisting when suddenly he gives in and just grabs me to him, laughing and cuddling me close, whipping me around and making me shriek with laughter as he bends me back in his arms and brings his face close to mine. 
“Gorgeous,” Luca laughs, smirking and shaking his head down at me, “I’m going to have a lot of fun showing you just how good we can be together.” 
“Oh yeah?” I murmur, wrapping my hand slow around the back of his neck, loving the way the short hairs there brush against my fingers. “Just how much fun?” 
“You want me to show you?” he murmurs, his voice lowering and his eyes going half–lidded as one of his hands dips lower on my body, traveling down my back and steadily towards my ass. 
Breathless, I nod, tugging him closer, wanting his mouth on mine right now, completely ready to lose myself in my mate 
Lose myself, that is, until I hear my brother clear his throat. 
I gasp a little, and drop my head back so that I’m looking at Rafe basically upside down. 
“If you guys could be convinced to wrap up this scandalous display?” he says, arms crossed and eyebrow raised, “we could perhaps…talk as a group?” I blush scarlet as I realize that my dress is indeed riding up shockingly short. 
Luca just laughs, grinning at Rafe and then at me as I scramble to sit and then stand, smoothing my skirt now and reminding myself that I’m no longer constantly in pants. God, it’s going to be harder than I thought to remember how to be a girl. 
But Luca gives me a second to straighten myself out, holding out a hand for me, and when I take it he helps me to my feet and we walk with Rafe over to our friends, who are all grinning expectantly and peering out the windows as the train moves through the capital towards the station right at the center. As we move slowly towards the main hub of the city, I can see people outside our car stopping to point at the conspicuous red caboose at the back of the train, gasping and wondering at which of the royals are riding today. 
But surely, surely they know, right? Academy is out, after all, and everyone will be waiting for Rafe and Jesse to come home. The big surprise will be me, arriving with them. I turn towards my brother and my cousin, suddenly anxious, and Jesse steps towards us, his face serious. 
Together, as Daphne comes out of the bathroom freshly changed and looking amazing in a sage– green wrap dress, Jesse, Rafe and I decide that the simplest thing will be to…not say anything. Like mom and dad so often do, we’re simply going to let the press conclude what they will about me arriving home with Rafe and Jesse, and if anyone pushes on the subject we can just drop some hints about what Aunt Cora said that I spent my time peacefully in a convent close to the academy. 
“Are there even any convents?” Daphne asks, arms crossed, frowning around at us as Ben and Luca bring backpacks over and the train slows further, clearly preparing to stop. “Close to the academy? Or like…any at all?” 
I wrinkle my nose in similar confusion, because…I mean, is there? How plausible is our story? But there’s no time to think on it as Jesse interrupts my thoughts. 
“It gives me great pleasure that you don’t know the answer to this question, Daphne,” he says, grinning at her and pressing a hand to his chest, giving a little bow. “As it would be a great blow to
mankind if you ever decided to join a convent. Also, your dress is amazing and you look great.” 
Daphne beams at Jesse while she laughs and thanks him, but I turn my head as I look between them and then glance at Rafe, who I’m shocked to see is…frowning a little bit. What – what’s going on here? 
###Chapter 164
Chapter 164
Chapter 0164 
I glance at Luca, who likewise looks at me curiously, picking up on the 
same vibe. 
Because I mean – Jesse just said some really nice things to Daphne, but the way he delivered them…he wasn’t hitting on her at all. No flirting, no quiet looks of interest. Instead, he just laid out her compliments like he would to any friend who was feeling anxious about their debut in a new city. 
Is Jesse is he not interested in Daphne anymore, the girl to whom he’s professed his ever–lasting love? Was that all a joke? 
Or, because we’re back at the Capital, has he just moved on to other girls, letting Daphne fall to the wayside? 
And… 
Well, why is Rafe frowning at Jesse for being so nice to Daphne? 
He’s jealous, Luca says directly into my mind, and I look with surprise up into his eyes. Quietly, subtly, he nods to me. Rafe, he continues, he wishes. he’d said that first. 
How do you know that!? I ask, likewise silent. 
I know he’s jealous, Luca continues wordlessly, giving an accompanying shrug, because that’s how I’ve felt and looked, when someone beat me to saying the things I wanted to say to the girl I liked. 
But Jesse’s not even hitting on her! I say, casting out a hand in protest. He’s just being a good friend! 
Doesn’t matter, Luca continues, shaking his head and staring into my eyes. 
He got to 
“Are you guys doing it?” Ben asks from between and slightly behind me. and Luca. My mate and I both jump, spinning to see him standing there, 
looking between us curiously. “Were you like…talking mind–to–mind?” 
“Um,” I say, glancing up at Luca, not sure if it’s a secret or not. 
“Kinda,” Luca says, giving Ben a little shrug. 
“Cool!” Ben says, bursting into a grin as the train comes to a full stop. Wait, so, what does it sound like? Can you like, hear each other, or is it 
mpressions of words –” 
“As fascinating as this is,” Rafe says, interrupting, his tone implying that it’s the least interesting thing he’s ever heard. “I think it’s time that we prepare to disembark. And because half of us are new to this…I think that we should prep you for what’s coming next.” 
Luca, Ben, and Daphne go a little pale as Jesse and I sigh. Because Rafe is right things have changed now, and while we’re used to our world it might take them a little time to adjust. I cast my eyes over Ben and Daphne especially, because at least Luca knows what it’s like to be in the spotlight. 
Rafe spends the next few minutes explaining that we will wait to get off of the train until all the other cadets disembark and a team of guards from the Palace can come and sweep both the train and the platform for any threats. Once that’s done, we’ll disembark and be surrounded by guards whose job it is to stop anyone who tries to annoy or harm us. There will be paparazzi waiting for us outside of the station, but in general, we’ll basically have a bubble of protection around us as we head for the cars. 
Jesse, a little bored by the briefing – because of course, we’ve done this. since we were kids – wanders off to the bar and comes back with a few 
glasses of wine, pressing them into everyone’s hands. I take a cheerful little sip, attempting to give Rafe the attention he deserves but failing a tiny bit. After all, I know everything he’s going to say. 
When Jesse presses a glass of wine into Daphne’s hand, she looks up at him, anxious. “Um,” she whispers, tucking her hair behind her ear, “is this, the best idea? More to drink?” 
“Oh, yes,” Jesse whispers back, nodding definitively, his face perfectly 
serious. “Actually, the best way through any and all royal functions is just to be completely drunk the entire time –” 
“It’s true,” I whisper, stepping close to Daphne and giving her a wink. ” 
Jesse’s actually been drunk every waking moment since he was eight years old – ” 
Daphne bursts into laughter at this, looking up at Jesse, who laughs too and smiles down at her. 
“Um, excuse me,” Rafe says, frowning over at us, and we all snap our attention back to him. “Am I doing this briefing for myself?” 
“I’m listening!” Ben says cheerfully, raising his own glass of wine and then draining it. “You’re doing great, Rafe! Very interesting, very informative! Beautifully presented!” 
I can’t help it – I burst into laughter again. And then we all do. Rafe is the last to join us, but then he groans and gives in, snatching Jesse’s glass of wine out of his hands and draining it as Ben did. “That’s what I get, for trying to be the responsible one.” 
“Which is why,” Jesse says, slinging an arm around Rafe’s shoulders, “I’ve been trying to convince you to stop taking that role since we were, like, born. If you would just turn into a reckless disgrace like Ariel and me, we 
could take over the world –” 
###Chapter 165
Chapter 165
Chapter 0165 
Rafe scowls at him, but suddenly the door opens, and a man in a royal uniform steps inside, giving a sharp bow. I burst into a smile as he straightens up, because of course I recognize Captain Conner, who heads up the Royal guard and who we’ve known since we were babies. 
“Your Highness, your Grace,” he begins, nodding to Jesse and Rafe, honored guests,” Captain Conner continues, nodding around to the rest of us, but then he stutters to a stop when his eyes fall on me. Conner freezes for a second and then bursts into a smile, bowing low again. “Your highness,” he murmurs, and his face is the picture of happiness as he stands straight. “Forgive me, I wasn’t expecting you.” 
“That’s okay!” I say, waving a cheerful hello. “It’s so good to see you!” 
He smiles at me but then fights it, working hard to return to his professional demeanor. He takes a deep breath, nodding again, and gesturing towards the door. “If you’ll accompany me? The station has been cleared and the cars are waiting.” 
Rafe nods our readiness and Conner steps outside. Then we all grab our backpacks, and Daphne her suitcase, and file cheerfully off the train. 
“Wow,” Daphne says, looking around the giant train station with its soaring glass ceilings. Her smile reveals how impressed she is as she walks next to me, my hand in Luca’s. “This is…this is amazing…” 
“First time in the capital, Daph?” Luca asks, friendly. 
“Yeah,” she says, grinning. “I’m staying a few days – for your fight, of 
course 
– 
He beams at her for this. 
“And then I’m going to go to my mom’s for the holidays themselves.” Daphne and Luca continue to chat with me in the middle, him asking her 
where home is, and Daphne letting him know that it’s a little bit north of the capital – just a small town where a fabric mill used to be in the days of industrialization. They chat about family history, but on Daphne’s mention of the north, my mind drifts – predictably – to someone else I know who is from a place much further north. 
My heart sinks a little, even as I hold Luca’s hand, and I work very hard to ensure that my emotions don’t travel down my bond to him. Because I’m not sure he needs to know right now just how sad I am that Jackson didn’t meet us at the train, that he didn’t come to the Capital. Part of me wanted him to come so that he can meet my family, and so that they can meet him, 
but- 
I mean, another part just wants him close. He’s my mate, after all. What am I going to do without him for two weeks? How am I supposed to bear it? I mean, I don’t even have any way of contacting him. It’s not like he has a phone at the Academy. 
Or otherwise, if we’re being honest. 
I sigh, and do my very best to cover my sadness, and I don’t think Luca notices as he continues to chat with Daphne. Her eyes, however, flick to me, 
her mouth pressing to a sad little line. 
But I give her a wink, and force myself to lift my chin, determining to make 
the best of it. 
I look forward, making myself think about how happy I will be when I see my mom, and dad, and my brother and sister – and Jesse’s huge, insane family. They, too, will be waiting for us at the palace when we arrive. 
I feel more cheerful as we walk, as I glance around the familiar train station that I’ve been in a thousand times, my eyes sliding over the people who are bustling around, going about their daily business and trying to get home through the cold. And even if my eyes do settle on one particularly tall figure leaning against a lamppost, his back to us and his shoulders turned in, I know it’s just my imagination – my hopes – getting the better of me. 
I grit my teeth against my second sigh, forcing my eyes up to all of the pretty tilework that rings the borders of the station, making myself admire. the artistry of our people but… 
Well, my eyes drift back to the tall figure. 
And as we get closer and closer…I narrow my eyes. 
Because… 
But no. There’s no way. 
But then suddenly it’s there 
— 
the scent of pine, and embers, and the sense 
of warm cozy things on cold nights – 
And before I can even stop myself, I’ve dropped Luca’s hand. Suddenly I’m sprinting – my mate’s name on my lips. 
Jackson turns when he hears his name called, his face curious and serious. 
But the moment he sees that it’s me? 
God, the smile that breaks out on his face it’s the prettiest damn thing 
I’ve ever seen. 
Captain Conner gasps as I burst past him, grabbing for me and shouting my name, but I’m beyond him now, laughing as I dash across the end of the platform and throw myself into Jackson’s open arms. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
Comments 
###Chapter 166
Chapter 166
Chapter 0166 
“You came!” I breathe, thrilled and relieved and nearly insane with 
happiness as Jackson laughs and lifts me up, holding me tight against his 
chest 
“I could get used to this greeting,” he murmurs, his arms wrapped so snug around me, his face so close to mine that our noses brush. 
“You scared me!” I protest, half laughing and half shouting as I smack him on the chest with both hands, one after the other. “Why didn’t you come into our train car!? Why didn’t you tell me!? I was so sad! I thought you stayed behind!” 
Jacks shrugs, smiling at me like he can’t keep the joy off his face, his blue. eyes shining “I figured my presence in your fancy royal car would cause. 
more trouble than it was worth. You deserved a minute to be calm and happy, and I didn’t mind riding with the other cadets. I just slept the whole time anyway.” 
“And you didn’t think,” I say, taking his perfect face between my palms and narrowing my eyes, scolding playfully, “that maybe I wanted you close by?” 
“Well, you’ve got me close by now,” he murmurs, lifting his chin towards. me in a bit of a challenge. “So, what are you going to do with me?” He tightens his arms, further proving his point as his voice drops an octave to a level that…does dangerous things to me. Emotionally. Physically. 
My smile grows slowly, a little devious, but my response is clipped by the sound of Rafe clearing his throat again. 
I turn my head and blink in surprise to see my family and friends standing around us now, and the guards grouped around them, all of them staring at 
1. us. 
Except for Luca. A strong pang of guilt runs through me when I see him 
Chapter 0266 
“You came!” I breathe, thrilled and relieved and nearly insane with 
happiness as Jackson laughs and lifts me up, holding me tight against his 
chest. 
“I could get used to this greeting,” he murmurs, his arms wrapped so snug around me, his face so close to mine that our noses brush. 
ou scared me!” I protest, half laughing and half shouting as I smack him on the chest with both hands, one after the other. “Why didn’t you come into our train car!? Why didn’t you tell me!? I was so sad! I thought you stayed behind!” 
Jacks shrugs, smiling at me like he can’t keep the joy off his face, his blue eyes shining. “I figured my presence in your fancy royal car would cause 
more trouble than it was worth. You deserved a minute to be calm and happy, and I didn’t mind riding with the other cadets. I just slept the whole time anyway.” 
“And you didn’t think,” I say, taking his perfect face between my palms and narrowing my eyes, scolding playfully, “that maybe I wanted you close by?” 
“Well, you’ve got me close by now,” he murmurs, lifting his chin towards me in a bit of a challenge. “So, what are you going to do with me?” He tightens his arms, further proving his point as his voice drops an octave to a level that…does dangerous things to me. Emotionally. Physically. 
My smile grows slowly, a little devious, but my response is clipped by the sound of Rafe clearing his throat again. 
I turn my head and blink in surprise to see my family and friends standing around us now, and the guards grouped around them, all of them staring at 
1. us. 
Except for Luca. A strong pang of guilt runs through me when I see him 
staring at the ground to his side, clenching his jaw 
“Ariel?” Rafe says, his arms crossed as he glares at me “Would you like the climb down? Before the paparazzi got some great footage of this?” 
“Um,” I say awkwardly in response before turning to Jackson and giving him a little grimace. Unperturbod, he smiles at me and slowly lowers me to the ground, careful to ensure that my skirt doesn’t ride up. 
“You know, you don’t have to pick her up every time you greet her,” Rafe says softly, frowning at Jackson, 
Jackson just stares at Rafe like that is clearly not true, 
Rafe just rolls his eyes, laughing a little as he moves on and I fix my dress into less rumpled lines, Captain Conner looks a little frantically between me and Jackson before moving his eyes to Laica,
with whom I was just holding hands. 1 sigh, realizing that…whatever secrecy I held on to at the Academy, isn’t hasn’t really disappeared here, has it? 
Unless I want the entire nation to know about my complicated love triangle, I have got to learn to cool it. 
“Captain Conner,” I say, stepping forward towards him and doing my best to be the nation’s Princess again. “This is Jackson McClintock. We got accidentally separated from him on the way home, but he’ll be joining us at the Palace for break and should have all the rights and freedoms of an honored guest.” 
“As you will it, Highness,” Conner says, giving me a sharp bow, He casts out a hand towards the three–story arch through which the city waits. “If we have our entire party now…?” 
His implication is clear and, with another little glare at me, Rafe leads the way out. Luca follows close behind him, not looking at me, and Daphne sends me a little smile and a nod before she hurries her steps to walk with Luca, making a little small talk that I hope will comfort him. 
Ben and Jesse fall in with Jackson and I as we bring up the rear, both of them greeting Jackson warmly and likewise telling him that they’re thrilled he came along. Jackson’s smile in response to their genuine excitement to see him fills my heart with joy, because I’m watching him realize that he truly has friends now. 
Comments 
###Chapter 167
Chapter 167
Chapter 0167 
It gets a little awkward in the close quarters of the limousine, but Jesse does a good job of breaking the awkwardness by pouring more champagne – god, mom really made sure we were stocked – and pointing out all of the landmarks that we pass on the way to the palace to Ben and Daphne, 
keeping us all laughing with his commentary. 
Rafe, when we got in the car, sat me deliberately on his right with Daphne on my other side, very carefully ensuring that I wasn’t sitting next to either of my mates, I think trying to be fair to both of them. But as we draw close to the palace, Rafe turns to Jackson on his left and raises an eyebrow. “You ready for this?” he murmurs, smirking a little. 
“Absolutely not,” Jackson returns, deadpan. But then he smiles at my brother, and moves his eyes to me, and his smile deepens. “But we’ll get through it, right?” 
“That’s the spirit,” Rafe says, laughing and clinking his glass against. Jackson’s before taking a sip. 
Jackson just glances down at his champagne with distaste. 
“What,” I say, leaning further over Rafe with a grin, unable to help it. “You don’t like it?” 
“What is it?” he asks, baffled, holding his glass up to stare at the pale 
bubbly liquid. 
“It’s champagne!” I say, laughing. 
Jackson just shifts his eyes to me like I’m crazy if I think he knows what that means, which makes me laugh more. Jesse, having caught the conversation, laughs as well in a good–hearted way.
“What do you like, Jacks?” he asks, flipping open the little travel bar that dad keeps quite well 
stocked back here. 
“I don’t know,” Jackson murmurs, peering over my head with surprise and a little delight at the secret compartment. “Something.brown.” 
“Whiskey it is,” Jesse says, pouring him a draft and handing it down the line. 
“If he’s not going to have his champagne,” Luca calls, and I turn my head to him with surprise to see him holding out his hand. “I’ll take it.” 
Grinning, pleased to see him come back to himself a little more, I take Jackson’s glass and pass it down to Luca, who empties it into his own half- full flute. “No sense in wasting five–hundred–dollar champagne,” he murmurs, lifting his glass to me in a toast with a wink before taking a sip. 
“That cost five hundred dollars?” Jackson gasps, almost dropping his glass of whiskey in his shock. 
“Whoa, whoa,” Rafe says, putting a steadying hand under Jackson’s glass. “Listen, if you’re that shocked about the champagne, don’t even ask about the whiskey – just…be careful. And enjoy.” 
Jackson stares at Rafe, and then at me, and then at all of us in appalled shock, which just makes us all laugh harder. But after a moment he smiles too, shaking his head and taking it in stride. I lift a hand to my cheek, which aches a bit from smiling so much, because this is…this is working, isn’t it? 
At least right now it is. 
On my other side, Daphne’s leg bounces anxiously. 
“You okay?” I whisper, resting my hand on her knee. 
“Oh, you know,” she says, her voice high and too breezy. “Just…about to meet the king and the queen. Just a normal day. No reason to be anxious.” 
“They’re nice,” I whisper, grinning. And then I tap the bottom of her glass. “Bottom’s up. Liquid courage.” 
“You want me to be drunk when I meet the royals!?” she says, aghast, but I 
catch the corner of her grin and realize that she’s kidding. 
“Yes, “Jesse says, leaning towards her with delight, “you’ll fit in just fine if you’re utterly plastered.” 
“You’re going to give her the impression that our family is all alcoholics,” I say, rolling my eyes at him as the limo pulls around the final corner to the palace and my home my home! – comes into view. My face stretches with 
– 
my smile, my cheeks aching more. 
COIN BUNDLE: gat more free bonus 
Comments 
###Chapter 168
Chapter 168
Chapter 0168 
“Not alcoholics,” he says, with a frown, “just your run–of–the–mill magical lycanthropes who know how to party. Finish up everyone!” he calls, leading by example and draining his glass. “We’re here!” 
I can’t help the little squeak of excitement that makes its way out of my mouth as I grab Daphne’s hand and pass glasses back along the line to Jesse, who neatly stacks them on top of the bar. And then, one by one, we climb out of the limousine and onto the steps of the palace. 
As soon as Rafe opens the door to the car, the shouts of the paparazzi start and lightbulbs begin to flash. 
Rafe goes first, followed by Jackson, and I eagerly follow after him, stepping close to my mate’s side and watching as his mouth slowly falls open while takes in the palace and all the people standing to our right, held off by red ropes, their cameras going mad. I glance once to the entrance and grin, a thrill of joy passing through me when I see my parents standing. there, waiting to greet us. But I turn my eyes back to Jackson, wanting to make sure he’s okay. 
“You…you live here?” Jackson breathes, not even blinking as he takes in the expanse of the Palace. 
“What,” I say, frowning a little and looking where he’s looking. “is it like… big or something?” 
Jackson turns his head to me, staring, shocked, and I burst out laughing, unable to help myself from pressing closer to his side just for a moment, even though I don’t take his hand or wrap my arms around him, like I want 
1. to. 
“I’m kidding!” I say, laughing up into his face. “Obviously, it’s a ridiculous house. But yes, we live here and inside we actually just have a really small suite of rooms to ourselves. It’s well,” I shrug, “it’s cozy, if you can 
– 
belleve it.” 
“If you’re there, it’s cozy,” he murmurs passively before glancing back up at the palace before us, apparently completely unaware of how dainn set what he just said was, I beam at him, thrilled, before I feel my other mate come to my side. 
And then I turn my attention to Luca, fucking my hands behind my back as I look up into his face, beaming at him in turn, “You ready to meet my parents?” 
“Well, your mom I’ve met,” he murmurs consideringly as he looks up the steps towards my parents as Ben, Jesse, and Daphne climb out of the car, ” Your dad…does he know who I am to you?” 
“He’s supposed to,” I say, giving a little shrug, “Mom said she’d tell him, so that…well, so that we didn’t have a scene like we did last night.” 
“Well then, Princess,” Luca says, surprising me by taking my arm in his own and starting forward after Rafe, leading me up the stairs like he’s my escort. Instantly I walk with him, not having enough time to take a moment to think about what it means or what the press will make of it – if I walk up these stairs on Luca Grant’s arm. Because it’s already done, isn’t it? 
So instead of worrying about it I just smile at Luca and walk at his side. Because perhaps he’s right – what, really, is wrong with walking into the Palace on the arm of my mate? 
Luca and I smile at each other and then turn our faces forward, towards my parents as the seven of us troop up the steps to the palace where the King and the Queen of Moon Valley wait – the Queen
with a wonderful smile, the King’s expression grim as he moves his eyes slowly between my two mates. 
###Chapter 169
Chapter 169
Chapter 0169 
As we walk up the steps, the paparazzi call out questions to us, asking where I’ve been and who the new members of our party are. I hear them also calling Luca’s name, but Luca is very professional about the whole situation, keeping his eyes focused ahead on my parents, who are waiting patiently for us at the top of the stairs. 
Again, I can’t help the huge smile on my face. My mom beams at all of us her hands pressed to her heart, but she laughs aloud when she sees me, so pleased and happy that I’m here, and that I’m safe, and that I’ve managed to drag my two Alpha mates into what is sure to be a great deal of drama for her to enjoy. 
I shift my eyes to my dad after a moment, not letting it bother me that he’s looking very stern. After all, he usually always looks stern. But as dad. watches me, his eyes flicking for a moment to both Luca and Jackson to let me know precisely what is on his mind, I see the corner of his mouth twitch just subtly. 
And I know, in that instant, that the sternness is all a front, and that he’s not actually mad at me. That he’s probably just as thrilled and excited to see his two eldest children as we are to see him. 
Something about that little twitch at the corner of my dad’s mouth breaks the final restraints I was keeping on myself and I burst into happy laugher, dropping my hand from Luca’s elbow and dashing up the final three stairs into my father’s arms. I hug my dad tight around his waist and his arms fold around me, holding me tight. I hear and feel the happy rumble in his chest as he pulls me closer to him. 
Out of the corner of my eye I see Rafe embrace mom quickly and then turn, starting to introduce her to our guests, some of whom she’s already met. 
Dad, however, pulls my attention back to him. 
“Hello, little trouble,” he murmurs, and I pull back a little to smile up at him. He runs a fond hand down the length of my rose–gold hair. “Looks like. you’ve been up to no good, haven’t you?” he says, again looking up to peer over my head at the two young men standing behind me. I quickly glance over my shoulder to see Luca meeting my father’s gaze, standing before him with Cadet sharpness – feet apart, his hands tucked behind his back, his face very serious. Behind him Jackson stands just as still. 
I turn back to my father with a smile, pointing upwards towards the sky. Actually, dad, this wasn’t my fault. If you’re mad about it you’ll have to take it up with my grandmother, the moon.” 
Dad can’t help it – he bursts into laugher as he shakes he head at me and unfolds his arms, stepping away and reaching out a hand towards Luca. 
“Cadet Grant,” my dad says very seriously as I stand at his side, grinning and watching this unfold. “Welcome to the palace. I was looking forward to meeting you before your fight against the Atalaxians in two days – but now I am eager to get to know you for…other reasons.” Dad’s voice is low, rumbling, intimidating. 
Luca, to his credit, stands up beneath it. 
“Thank you, Sir,” he says, raising his chin and shaking dad’s hand seriously. “I’m looking forward to the opportunity to both defend the nation’s honor and speak with you about my intentions towards your daughter.” He shifts his eyes to me now, just briefly, a smile forming on his lips. “She means a great deal to me.” 
“I’m glad to hear it,” my dad says, and when I glance up to him I’m surprised to see that he’s… impressed? “That’s one hell of a shiner you’ve got there, son,” dad continues, lifting his chin towards Luca’s eye. “You going to be fit to fight?” 
“What, this?” Luca says with a frown, gesturing towards his own face. ” This is nothing, sir. At least you now know that I can take a punch one day 
arm the next “He glances at me, 
fond, before turning his eyes back to dad. “Whatever the Atalaxian’s throw at me, I can take it.” 
Dad bursts out laughing at this, apparently as charmed at the rest of the nation. And I don’t know how Luca knew to say it, but he picked precisely the right thing. My dad even gives him a little smile before shifting his eyes to Jackson. 
“Cadet McClintock,” dad says with a nod, holding out his hand. “It’s nice to see you again.” 
Luca graciously steps aside, making room for Jackson to step forward. Jackson does, meeting my father’s gaze and taking his hand, giving it a steady shake. “Sir,” he says, accompanying it with a serious nod. “Thank you for…welcoming me to your home.” 
My dad nods and drops Jackson’s hand. Awkward silence reins for a 
moment and I look between my dad and Jackson, realizing that my dad is studying him and – of all horrible things – waiting for him to continue. 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
> Comments 
###Chapter 170
Chapter 170
Chapter 0170 
Jackson just stands, staring, having no idea what to do or say. I panic a little, getting ready to step in and introduce some new topic of conversation, but luckily mom comes to the rescue. 
“Jackson!” she says, stepping forward to wrap him in a warm hug, giving him a little kiss on the cheeks as she steps back and beams at him.” 
Welcome, darling boy, we’re so pleased that you’re here. Are you hungry? Cold? Come inside – we’ll fix you up.” 
“But there’s nothing wrong with me,” Jackson murmurs, though he smiles at her in his confusion, unable to help it. 
“Oh, sure there is,” she says, wrapping an arm around his waist, smiling up into his face. “And even if there’s not, you should make something up so I have something to fuss over.” 
“She’s not kidding on that,” my dad says, his voice lighter than it was a moment ago, “if Ella doesn’t have someone to care for she gets bored – and then we’re really in trouble.” 
“Quiet, you,” mom says, laughing a little and giving my dad a playful glare as she turns to the rest of us, keeping an arm around Jackson’s waist. “If you tease me too much I’ll just go and have another baby to shut you up.” 
Dad just shakes his head, laughing, as mom reaches her spare hand for Luca. “Luca! Such a pleasure to see you again!” 
Luca gives her his most charming smile – which, quite frankly, even stuns me a bit – as he takes my mom’s hand and bows over it a little. “Your highness,” he murmurs, grinning. “I’m hoping to make it a full five minutes before you kick me out of the room this time.” 
My mom laughs as Luca stands straight, and I marvel again that he’s apparently said just the right thing – who else would have the guts to tease the Queen on their second meeting? “Well,” she says, wrinkling her nose at 
+15 BONUS 
him and glancing at me, “that depends on how many of my daughter’s secrets I’m trying to balance this time. But I’m sure we’ll have lots of time to chat, Luca, love. And this,” she murmurs, stepping forward and peering at his wounded face, taking his chin between her fingers, “don’t worry, Luca, we’ll get you fixed up and looking pretty again in no time.” 
And then mom steps forward – somehow managing to keep hold of Jackson even as she leans forward to press a kiss to Luca’s cheek as well Then she sweeps into the palace, calling everyone to come along with her, because there’s a party upstairs. I don’t miss – at all – that she keeps Jackson firmly at her side. 
“Looks like your mom has a favorite,” Luca murmurs, walking slowly at my side as we follow the mom and Jacks into the main entrance, heading almost immediately up a set of stairs that will lead us to the family suite where I’m sure everyone is gathered with food and drinks and a great deal of anticipation. 
is 
“Oh, don’t, Luca,” I say with a sigh, pouting at him and glancing behind- me to see where everyone else has ended up. Daphne, I’m pleased to see, being led upstairs on Rafe’s arm, while my dad laughs with Jesse at the bottom of the stairs, apparently being introduced to Ben. “Mom just…. knows where her attention is needed.” 
“Well, if that leaves me alone with you,” Luca says, grinning at me and raising a hand to my cheek, “then who am I to complain?” 
I grin at him, pleased, and take his arm when offers it, proud to be escorted by my gorgeous mate. “You ready for this?” I ask as we reach the second floor and approach the door of our tiny living room, which I know will be packed with people. 
“Oh, for sure,” Luca says, nodding eagerly with a big smile. “I love a good party- and I’ve got sixteen cousins who all shout over each other – I was born for nights like this. Plus, a Royal party, filled with the people who made Jesse?” He grins at me, a little wicked, “this is going to be one for the books 
###Chapter 171
Chapter 171
Chapter 171 
“Ariel!” Mark shouts, bounding across the room like the big puppy that he is and grabbing me in a hug. 
“Baby!” I shout, dropping Luca’s arm and laughing as I hug my brother back, my eyes pressing shut with the pleasure of it. Mark- he’s not even the baby of the family, he’s nearly two years older than Juniper, but he’ll always be my baby, and he lets me fuss and cluck over him like a mother hen. 
“I’ve missed you,” my Markie murmurs, hugging me close and tucking his head down against my hair. “June’s been so mean to me and there’s no one to stop her 
(C 
I laugh, pushing back a little so I can look up into my little brother’s sweet face. Mark favors Rafe and my dad, of course, but he’s more of a mix than 
Rafe and I are. While Rafe and I are our parents‘ twins, Mark has some of 
mom’s softness in the curve of his cheeks, in the lighter highlights in his 
hair. 
“Main, you’re bigger than June,” I say, grinning up at him and shaking my head. God, when did baby get so tall? Has it always been like this, or did he grow in the couple of months I’ve been gone? He’s Rafe’s height now, or at least almost. “Just shove her over – 
)) 
But before I can finish giving Mark my very best sisterly advice, a screech 
sounds in the room and all of our heads whip to the left, where five kids charge for Jesse the second he steps through the door. 
“No, no!” Jesse sounds, deliberately dramatic as they leap all over him. “ Not the piranhas! They’ve got me! I’m being eaten alive! No, NO! They’re taking me down!” All of Jesse’s siblings grab onto him, shrieking and laughing, pulling him to the ground despite his mock protests, piling on top of him, shouting his name and how much they’ve missed him. 
I grin, watching Jesse fake fight his siblings for a second, pleased to even 
1/3 
see Caleb, who is thirteen now and pretends he’s too cool for fun and games, shrieking and getting in on the fun. After a second of pretending to fight them off Jesse starts to grab each of his siblings by turn, giving them each what they need to feel loved and seen a big kiss, a hug, a ruffle of the hair, a brotherly punch on the arm. 
“Whoa,” Luca says, his eyes wide as he takes in the chaos before him. 
“Yes, they’ve missed their human jungle gym,” Grandpa Henry says, wheeling up next to me and smiling over at Jesse’s continuing scene, as I am. “It’s been murder on me and my chair – they’re always wanting rides up and down the hallways. Playing horsie and piggy–back–chauffer is usually Jesse’s job.” 
I grin at my grandpa, whose eyes sparkle as he shifts his gaze up to me, and I bend down quickly to give him a kiss on the cheek, murmuring how good it is to see him. Grandpa laughs and tells me that he feels just the same as Mark comes to stand close to us, not wanting to miss a thing. Juniper steps close too, her scowl deepening for no reason. 
Something about my sister’s scowl kindles something in me, and I can’t help · I grin, and leap for her. “Junie Junie!” I sing, dancing around Grandpa Henry’s chair and reaching for her, taking two handfuls of her long now–black hair in my hands and holding it up like pigtails as I bounce around her, singing the song she hates so much. “Our little goonie! She loves the moonie! It makes her swoooonie!” 
“Oh my goddddd,” June groans, swatting at me with her hands and trying to back away, though I keep up with her, laughing and still playing with her hair. “Stop it, Ariel!” 
“I can’t!” I return, laughing my ass off and dropping her hair before snatching her into a big hug. She struggles against me, but Junie’s even smaller than my mom and me, and I’ve spent a whole semester training at Alpha Academy, so she’s got no chance. “I just missed my little sissy so much!” I plant a series of big kisses on her head. 
“You are literally so embarrassing,” juniper groans as I continue to kiss her gratuitously, her face flushing as she slumps in embarrassment, flicking her eyes towards where Luca is watching with delight, “You seriously want your mate to see this side of you!? The abuse you rain on your sister!?” 
“Aw, no! It’s cute!” Luca says, grinning at us. “Sisterly love!” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
7 Comments 
~ Vots (250) 
###Chapter 172
Chapter 172
Chapter 172 
“You,” June says, narrowing her eyes and pulling one arm free to point at Luca, “you just made an enemy, sir. Where’s the other one? Maybe I’ll like him better.” 
I laugh at my little sister and loosen my arms a bit, a little tickled that she already knows about my mate situation so I don’t have to awkwardly explain why I brought two boyfriends home. Mom must have told her, and whoever else she thought needed to know, to avoid some weird scene. 
I step back a little from my sister, still holding her so she doesn’t run away, and beam as I look her over. “I like your new hair!” I say, meaning it and nodding eagerly as I take in the hair that she’s dyed pitch black, covering up the rose–gold that matches mine and our mom’s. “You look so cool. You’re 
all spooky now.” 
“I’m not spooky,” she protests, scowling and raising an anxious hand to 
her head. 
“You l ‘-like Rafe,” I say, grinning, meaning it. Juniper – lucky girl – got our dad’s beautiful green eyes, and with her hair all dark now? Her familial connection to Rafe, dad, and Mark is more prominent now than it’s ever 
been. 
“Ariel,” Juniper says, appalled, her mouth dropping open. “That’s the cruelest thing you’ve ever said to me 
– 
(( 
“No one is paying attention to meeee,” Mark moans, dropping his head back on his neck dramatically and making me laugh. I immediately drop June and move to his side, wrapping my arms around his waist. 
“You are nineteen, Mark,” Grandpa Henry says on a sigh. “You cannot whine like a pup anymore.” 
“No, he’s not,” I murmur, “he’s just a little baby, he can cry all he wants.” 
“Don’t encourage him, Ariel,” grandpa sighs, shaking his head at both of us, even if he can’t help smiling. “Or he’ll never grow up.” 
I hug my brother close as Juniper and Luca step near, making a little family circle even as the rest of the people in the room – family and close family friends, dozens of them, honestly – surge forward and greet Rafe, and Jesse, and all of our guests. I steal a little glance to the side and am relieved to see that mom still has Jackson pinned to her hip as she beams at Ben, getting to know him. Jackson stands stoically next to her, in good hands. 
Then, I remember my manners. 
(( 
“Everyone,” I say, straightening a little and smiling around at my family. This is Luca Grant,” I say, gesturing towards my mate with a warm smile. ” Luca, this is my sister Juniper, my brother Mark, and my grandpa, Henry Sinclair.” 
“His reputation precedes him,” my grandfather says, holding out a hand, which Luca shakes eagerly, murmuring his hello’s and letting his dimples shine. “Welcome to the family, son. I’m eager to see you box in two days‘ time. I hope you show the Atalaxian champion what Moon Valley is made 
of.” 
“I fully intend to, sir,” Luca says, perfectly earnest. 
“I’m excited too,” Mark says, beaming at Luca, and as Luca stands straight and turns towards Mark I see that my little brother’s eyes are already filled with hero worship. “Dad finally talked mom into letting me go to the fight. I 
can’t wait.” 
“You’ll have to come sit ringside,” Luca says, grinning at Mark and shaking his hand too. “Get the really good view, see all the blood 
“This is somehow both gross and boring,” Juniper sighs, stepping closer to me as grandpa wheels his chair away, probably off to greet his eldest grandsons. “I don’t know how you managed that, but you did.” She crosses her arms, glaring between Luca, Mark, and me like we’ve done her a true 
disservice. 
“I missed you, June Bug,” I sigh, slipping my arm around her shoulders and tugging her close. Juniper and I – we have a weird relationship, and we’re certainly not besties, but she does crack me up with her constant bad mood. And now that I have her back in person, I realize that I did miss her, 
in my own way. 
“I guess I missed you too,” she says on a sigh as Luca and Mark continue talking about boxing, Luca explaining his strategy for the next two days of training before the fight. “Why did you go and get all badass and cool the moment you left?” 
I scoff at my little sister and her words, which are 
in classic Juniper style 
– 
as much insult as they are compliment. 
Comments 
###Chapter 173
Chapter 173
Chapter 0173 
My mouth pops open in mock indignation as my sister fights her urge to smirk. “I have always been badass and cool, Juniper!” I protest, laughing. 
“Ariel, believe me,” Juniper sighs, rolling her eyes but letting her smile run free. “You have been the opposite of badass and cool. You were like, a pink bubblegum fairy glitter princess 
“And I still am,” I return, laughing. “Except now I can shoot a tin can off of a tree stump from half a mile away.” 
– 
“Ugh,” she groans. “Nevermind. Still not cool. Plus, now you’ve brought your mates home,” she murmurs, looking at Luca and then around to where Jackson is standing with our mom, clearly intuiting that he’s the other one. “Like this family needed more Alpha men around, all gigantic and eating everything in sight –” 
“Not my Alphas,” I counter, grinning at her, my arm still around her shoulders. “I got them trained up real good.” 
“So that’s the other one?” she says, raising her chin towards Jackson, her voice dubious. 
“Yup,” I say, unable to keep the pride from my voice. That’s my man over there, standing awkwardly at my mom’s side with her arm around his waist as she happily laughs with Aunt Cora and Uncle Roger, introducing them to Daphne and Ben. 
Juniper is quiet for a moment, her eyes flicking between Jackson and my mom. As we stand observing them, Jackson’s eyes move over to us like he can hear us thinking about him. 
“Are you sure he’s your second mate?” Juniper asks, her voice low with doubt as her eyes focus on mom’s arm around Jackson’s waist. “Because right now, it kind of looks like he’s mom’s.” 
I go absolutely still with shock, staring at my sister, before I burst into laughter. 
“June!” I gasp through my laughter, and then I look back at where mom is leaning into Jackson’s side – being so nice to him, wanting him to feel comfortable in this big room full of people – but… yeah. Maybe looking a little too close to my mate to the eye of one who doesn’t understand how empathetic mom is as well as how incredibly awkward Jacks feels. I can’t help but laugh harder now that I’ve seen it. 
– 
“I mean, she’s all over him!” Juniper says, laughing with me, throwing out a hand towards them. Jackson frowns a little, not knowing what’s going on and clearly wanting to know. 
“You’re so gross,” I groan, shoving my little sister playfully away from me before grabbing her hand and tugging her towards Jackson and mom. “She’s just being nice to him.” 
“A little too nice, if you ask me,” June murmurs, letting herself be dragged along, moodily pretending she isn’t having as much fun as she is. “Don’t let dad see this – he’ll get all jealous, and then we’ll have a body to clean up. Which will be interesting, but messy.” I grin, ignoring her words. Because as much as she likes to pretend she’s a black sheep, Juniper is very much a part of this family, and she likes joking and teasing as much as the rest of us. 
“Ugh, my two little girls!” mom says, dropping her hand from Jackson’s waist so that she can reach for Juniper and me when we come near. “I love seeing you two get along! It’s so rare, to have you not tearing each other to pieces!” 
“Yeah, well, you’ve got about five more minutes of us being nice,” Junie sighs, letting mom fold her into a hug on one side. “So, enjoy it.” 
“Welcome home, infant danger,” my uncle Roger says as Ben and Daphne step away, 
heading to the little bar in the corner for drinks. Roger lets out a booming laugh at his own joke as he wraps me into a hug. I squeak a little, laughing and leaning into him. 
“Hey, uncle Rog,” I say, beaming up into his face. 
“You’re in trouble, young lady,” he says, his face falling into mock–serious lines. I cock my head, curious. “You cost me a great deal of money.” 
I burst out laughing, remembering suddenly the bet that the Captain placed on me at the beginning of the semester to come out tops in marksmanship – a bet he placed against Uncle Roger’s bet on someone else. 
“What?” Cora asks, stepping closer and glaring between us. “What’s he talking about?” 
“That’s what he gets,” I say, stepping away from my uncle and giving my aunt a kiss before moving subtly to Jackson’s side, intuiting that he’ll be more comfortable if I’m there. “For betting on Cadets.” 
“Roger!” Cora gasps, swatting Roger on the chest. “You bet against your niece!?” 
“Well, I didn’t know it was my niece!” he says, grinning and throwing his hands out. “I put my money on the one with the widest wingspan – I wasn’t going to bet on the one they called the Shrimp!” 
“How much did you lose?” Cora gasps, ignoring his excuses.
###Chapter 174
Chapter 174
Chapter 0174 
“Baby,” Roger murmurs, stepping close and tucking a strand of Cora’s hair behind her ear. What even is money, in the end, when we have such love between us, such beautiful children 
(( 
(( 
“No, Roger Sinclair,” Cora snaps, stepping back and pointing a finger up into his face. “You are not getting out of it by seducing me not this time –” 
― 
“Is it always like this?” Jackson murmurs, and I turn my head to grin up at him as Roger and Cora begin to bicker. He looks around the room, I think a little concerned about the number of people all talking at once, the pack of children screeching happily as they dash around the room, mostly following Jesse like the pied piper. My smile deepens, because even though Jackson is clearly one of the most powerful wolves in the nation at this moment, it’s so cute to see him freaked out by a welcome–home party. 
“Yes,” June says on a deep and tragic sigh, drawing our attention to her. “It’s always like this. It’s horrible all the time.” 
“Oh, my little drama queen,” my mom croons, stroking June’s face in a loving way that she knows is only going to bug Junie further, and which Juniper completely ignores. 
But Jackson just nods slowly at June, like he completely understands. My sister holds his gaze for a moment, a little smile creeping onto her lips. 
Juniper flicks her eyes to me. “I like this one,” she says, grinning a little, which makes me smile too. “He’s quiet. He gets me. You should keep this one, throw the loud one in the trash.” 
She lifts her chin to where Luca is already surrounded by a group of our Alpha family and cousins, talking animatedly and showing off his boxing stance, clearly enjoying the attention. 
Jackson just grins at Juniper as he wraps an arm around me and pulls me close to his side. I grin, deciding not to counter, pleased for Jackson and Juniper to each have found an ally in this family. They’ll need them, after all. 
“Come come,” my mom chirps, happy and finally in her element now with her all of her children and her family gathered warm around her. She steps towards the bar in the corner, waving us to follow. “It’s a party, after all – let’s have some drinks and get things started.” 
The little party goes on for hours, with a great deal of laughter, and drinking, and everyone saying hello. I let Rafe and Jesse take center stage, telling stories about the academy as 
Jesse’s three youngest siblings run around the room with some of the children of our other guests, chasing and playing with each other, their little shouts filling the air around the sound of our laughter and our stories. 
As Rafe and Jesse talk I sit on my favorite ottoman at my dad’s feet, where I always sat as a little girl, a glass of wine in my hands. Daphne has settled on a pillow at my side. Dad puts out a hand, passively stroking my hair as the chatter carries through the room, everyone asking for more and more details about the story. 
Mom settles into the corner of the couch, beaming as she watches Rafe – her favorite – tell the story of Academy life. There are significant gaps, of course, because while I’m sure my whole family knows where I’ve been for the past few months, we’re not telling all our friends yet. So, Rafe and Jesse riff a little, leaving out what they need to. 
Luca, already comfortable, sits with Rafe and Jesse, adding in his own details and making everyone laugh with his wry quips. I watch him, impressed with the way he handles himself, the way that he adds to the story but still lets Rafe and Jesse take center stage. 
But even as Rafe and Jesse talk, and Luca ingratiates himself with everyone else in the room, my eyes move inevitably to Jackson. He perches slightly on the back of the couch behind mom, a glass of whiskey in his hands, and he smiles and laughs with the rest of us as the story goes on. But when my eyes fix on him he immediately looks to me and passes a pulse of happiness down our bond, letting me know that he gets it – that he’s warm, and happy, and he understands now why I love my family so much, why it’s so important to me. 
And I beam at him, truly glad – because it’s his family now too. And I want him to know that, and to feel it, and to love it as much as I do. 
He simply nods, telling me that he’s on his way to it – even if he needs a little time to adjust. And then he takes a sip of his drink, and turns his attention back to the story, which is as much his story as the rest of ours. 
###Chapter 175
Chapter 175
Chapter 0275 
– 
my 
As time passes our friends start to filter out until it’s finally just the core family here family, Jesse’s family, and the new addition of my mates and Ben and Daphne. Our parents dig into the more complicated questions now, asking us about the details of getting me into the Academy and keeping me alive there, and we all happily fill them in on the delicious details. 
As we do, mom pulls Luca aside for a moment, fussing over him and patching up his black eye and his busted lip. When he comes back I can tell by his smile that Luca’s likewise under mom’s spell now, and that he no longer has any ridiculous ideas about mom having a favorite between my two mates. 
Mom curls up at dad’s side on the couch, where he moved after his last refill, probably so that she would come and sit with him. They’re ridiculously attached to each other, even after all these years. And even if I know that I should be grossed out by how affectionate my parents are…well, honestly I just think it’s kind of sweet. 
The youngest Sinclair kids, of course, ignore everything, but I watch with real pleasure as they continue to dash around the room even as the hour grows late. Jackson watches them with fascinated curiosity, clearly wondering where the hell they get the energy. But eventually they settle down too. 
It’s only when the clock strikes midnight, and I’m sitting in dad’s armchair with two of Jesse’s siblings passed out in my lap – Bella sleeping blissfully, her head pillowed against my shoulder, and
little Chase actually in puppy form stretched out over my leg, his head hanging off my knee – when Cora gasps and starts. 
“Oh my god,” she says, looking up at the clock. “Is it seriously that late?” 
“No, you’re imagining it,” Roger murmurs into his glass of whiskey, clearly enjoying himself too much to want to go. “Have another drink, love, it’s barely five o’clock –” 
“Noooo,” she says, instantly getting up from her spot curled in Roger’s lap and tugging him up with her. “We are getting these children home, because if we don’t they’ll never get up tomorrow” 
“Just stay here!” my mom says, as she always does, sitting up from her place curled at Dad’s side. But Cora just rolls her eyes, because she never takes mom up on her offers to stay in the palace, preferring to be in her own home. “Or, at least leave the children!” 
“No, stop trying to steal my kids, Ella,” Cora sighs, clapping her hands and rousing Bella 
and Chase from their spots on my lap. Her other four – Jesse included moan, knowing what that sound means. Chase shifts back into his little boy body so that he, too, can join in 
on the group moan. 
“Your mom’s right!” Roger says, hauling himself to his feet and giving a sharp whistle.” Line up, minions! Time for role call!” 
“What…” Jackson murmurs, glancing between me and Rafe, “what’s happening?” 
“They have too many kids,” Rafe sighs, not bothering to whisper. “So, in order not to lose them, Roger makes them line up in size order and march in a line, like ducklings.” 
“Plus, they hate it,” Roger says, grinning over at Jackson, Luca, and Rafe. “And I take great joy in embarrassing my children. Why else have them? We had five more because torturing Jesse was so much fun.” 
Each of Cora and Roger’s youngest five kids moan and drag their feet, but line up they do, and I laugh to see them all standing there slump–shouldered, clearly tired but not wanting 
1. go. It’s been an amazing night, after all. 
“It used to be worse,” Jesse murmurs, catching Luca’s eye and communicating with his expression the true horror of his childhood. “They used to make us do a little goodnight song and dance, before I realized it was child abuse and started refusing to do it.” 
Luca bursts into laughter and so do I, remembering how cute it used to be. God, I’d been so jealous and had begged them to let me in on it, but Roger insisted it was a sibling–only thing. I’d cried for weeks. 
– 
“Please,” Luca begs, grinning at Jesse. “Please do the song for me, just once – I’ll never tell a soul.” 
Jesse’s about to counter, to refuse to the ends of him, but Uncle Roger interrupts. 
“A–hem,” Roger says with deliberate emphasis, turning towards Jesse and gesturing towards the empty spot at the front of the line. “And where is my eldest, my pride, my heir and my joy?” 
Jesse squeaks and sits up straight, pressing a hand to his chest. “Dad, I am a grown up now. You cannot expect me to line up with the ducklings, I –“ 
###Chapter 176
Chapter 176
Chapter 0176 
“You’re coming home, son,” Cora says, crossing her arms and glaring at her eldest child. ” Because if I let you stay here, you’ll drink yourself silly with your cousins and then be 
useless to me in the morning.” 
“Mom!” Jesse begs, sending an anxious glance towards Daphne, who pretends not to notice the whole conversation. 
“Jesse,” Roger says, his hands on his hips, his voice low and dangerous. “Get in line. Your mom wants you home, so you’re coming home. If it were up to me I’d leave you here, because you always rile the small ones into rebellion, telling them all sorts of nonsense about free will –” 
“They deserve to know the truth!” Jesse protests. 
“But your mother wants you home. So?” Roger points emphatically to the front of the line. 
Daphne, to her credit, does her very best to suppress her smile and pretend that she’s incredibly interested in the trim that adorns the bottom of dad’s armchair. Ben has no such grace and watches eagerly, laughing. But Jesse, realizing that he’s lost this battle, just groans and pushes himself to his feet, slumping to the front of the line. 
“Good boy,” Roger murmurs, patting Jesse on the head. Jesse just scowls and smacks his dad’s hand away. 
Then Roger whistles again and each of my six cousins straightens their shoulders, standing at attention, and then – at their father’s signal – begin to march out of the room. 1 
“Bye!” Cora calls over her shoulder towards us, completely ignoring the military precision with which her kids are swept out into the hall. “Love you, see you tomorrow or the next day or whenever!” 
“Bye!” we all call, and it’s only when I look over at Luca and Jackson’s shocked faces that I realize how weird it is. I burst out laughing myself, because I mean I’m just so used to the way that Cora and Roger handle their wild pack of kids that I don’t even notice it anymore. 
— 
“You guys are such a weird family,” Ben sighs, pulling himself up into Roger and Cora’s abandoned chair. “I love it.” Daphne grins, nodding along with him. 
“Who needs a refill?” Rafe asks, smiling happily and getting to his feet. “Daphne?” He raises an eyebrow at her empty glass of wine. 
“Nope, nope!” Mom says, getting to her feet herself. “You’re all off to bed!” 
“What!?” Rafe gasps. “Mom, it’s our first night home, we’re not going to bed –” 
“Oh yes you are!” she says, giving him a super sweet grin. 
“Why!?” Rafe protests, throwing out his hand. 
“Because I am sleepy,” mom says, pressing a demure hand to her chest and making dad laugh. “And if I don’t stay up to supervise you, Cora is right – you’ll drink yourselves silly and be all useless tomorrow. And we have things to do!” She reaches up a hand, ruffling Rafe’s hair. “Haircuts, first of all.” 
“Mommm,” Rafe groans, slumping his shoulders and looking around with embarrassment. “You can’t just make everyone go to bed because you’re tired.” 
“Nah, I should go anyway,” Luca says with a sigh, getting to his feet. I sit up straight in surprise. 
“What?” I say, staring at him. “You’re not staying here with us?” 
“Nah,” he says, giving me a pretty smile and a shrug. “I have my own family here in the city, after all. And I have to get to the gym tomorrow, let my uncle yell at me and beat me into shape before the fight. And her Highness is right,” he says, nodding in deference to my mom, who smiles at him, “if I stay here, I’ll have way too much fun. I have to concentrate.” 
Guilt sinks in me as I watch Luca thank my mother for her hospitality and shake my father’s hand, realizing that unlike Jackson and Ben and Daphne, Luca does have family here – and I’ve kept him from them on his first night back from the academy. God, how selfish am I? 
“Luca,” I say, getting to my feet as he turns away from my parents. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t even think –” 
“No worries, Ariel,” he replies, shaking his head at me with a smile as I move to his side. He wraps an arm around my waist as he nods to the door. “Walk me out?” 
I nod, eager, wanting to finish my apology even if he says it’s all right. We walk together out into the hall and I pull the door to our cozy living room shut behind us, standing with him in the darkness of the corridor. There are guards, of course, at either end – but otherwise we’re alone. 
Luca’s face breaks into a devilish smile.
###Chapter 177
Chapter 177
Chapter 0277 
“Luca, I’m so sorry for not even thinking about your family and making you come to see mine,” I murmur, taking little handfuls of his shirt in my fists as I lean my weight against him, looking up into his face. Luca smiles at me, his arms loose around me. 
“Don’t be sorry,” he murmurs, “I wanted to meet your whole family. It was important for me too.” 
“Good,” I say, nodding. And then I hesitate. “And are you…ready? For the fight?” 
“I will be,” he says, nodding. “Though it’s important for me to see my uncle – he trained me, after all. He’ll get me back in the right headspace over the next day or so – don’t worry. But will you come tomorrow? Come see my gym, and then come to my gran’s house? Meet everyone? I’m dying to introduce you.” 
“Oh!” I say, surprised but then thrilled at the idea. “Yes!” I say instantly, beaming at him, but then I remember that I’m a princess again and I glance back at the door, wondering what my parents have planned for me. 
“It’s okay,” Luca says, lifting a hand to my cheek and turning my gaze back to him. “I already cleared it with your dad he says you can have the afternoon off from Princess- ing.” 
— 
– 
“Oh,” I say, a little surprised at this. But then, I suppose there’s nothing wrong with that Luca’s very thoughtful, isn’t he? And proactive. “Okay, then yes, I’ll come. Of course I will. I can’t wait.” 2 
“And you’ll come to the fight too, right?” he says, giving me a little frown. 
“Of course!” I say, laughing up at him, because why would he ever think that I wouldn’t? 
“Good,” he murmurs, dipping his head and pressing a warm kiss to my mouth. “I’ll need my best girl there for moral support.” 
“Nowhere else I’d be,” I murmur back, my lips still brushing against his, letting my hands sink into his hair, pleased at the idea that my presence would help him. 
Luca smiles at me again, and then kisses me deeply, pulling me tight against him like he can’t let me go. We stay like that for a long while – long enough that I lose myself in him, that I forget where I am, and that there’s a room full of people behind me probably waiting for me to come back inside so they can go to bed. 
But eventually, his arms loosen. “You make it very hard to say goodbye, Gorgeous,” Luca 
sighs, shaking his head at me. 
I just laugh, standing on my toes to press one final kiss to his mouth, and then I push him away. “Get out of here, then!” I say, playful. “You’re the one sticking around.” 
Luca just laughs, pulling me close for one last peck before letting me go and stepping away. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow!” I call as Luca walks backwards down the hall, unable or unwilling to take his eyes off me. 
“I can’t wait,” he replies, dimples flashing. And then he turns, and jogs off towards the front of the palace, and I sigh as I push open the door behind me and head back into the living room. 
My eyes of course fix immediately on Jackson, who doesn’t look sleepy at all. 
“In in,” mom says, opening my bedroom door and flapping her hand towards me and Daphne, herding us into my bedroom. “Daphne, we’ll have another room made up for you tomorrow, we just didn’t know how many were coming tonight – and I thought you might want to be in with Ariel anyway, on your first night in a strange place.” 
“Thank you, Mrs. Sinclair, this is perfect,” Daphne says, turning once she’s walked into the room to smile gratefully at my mother. “It will be nice to have some girl time, one–on–one.” 
mates 
“Oh, don’t be too grateful, Daphne,” I say, turning to glare playfully at my mom as I follow my friend into the room. “Half the reason she’s putting you in here is so that my don’t sneak into my room in the middle of the night.” 
“My little girl is so clever,” my mom says, wrapping an arm around me and giving me a big kiss on the cheek as Daphne and I laugh. “You two go straight to bed! And call me Ella, Daphne, please!” Mom smiles and waves as she pulls the door shut behind her. “I love you! See you for breakfast!” 
“Your mom is so nice,” Daphne says, flumping down onto the twin bed that’s made up for her next to my own big fluffy Princess bed. “I thought the queen would be…I don’t know, stuffier? More rigid and judgmental?” 
I grin at Daphne, moving over to my dresser and pulling out a set of pajamas to change into. “Mom doesn’t have a stuffy or judgmental bone in her body,” I say with a smile. “She’s the best. Do you need some pajamas? I have like…a million sets. Mom’s a shopping addict – she just buys everything she thinks is cute and it appears in my wardrobe like magic. Dad told her to stop but… she just laughed at him.” 
###Chapter 178
Chapter 178
Chapter 0278 
“Nah,” Daphne says with a big yawn, reaching for her suitcase and lifting it up onto the bed to flick it open. “I brought my own.” 
We get ready for bed pretty quickly, with Daphne’s face cracking with 
yawn after yawn. We chat a little bit, winding down from our day as we brush our teeth, get changed, and climb into bed. I’m even a little jealous when I flick off the light, because Daphne’s eyes are already fluttering shut. I’m pleased because I think that this means that she enjoyed herself, but also…damn, I wish I was sleepier. 
My mind is still buzzing with everything that happened today. Not only did my mates bizarrely come to an agreement to tolerate each other this morning, but then I had an identity swap and became a girl again, and left the Academy behind, and got to see my huge insane family that I love so much. I sigh, content but eager for tomorrow. It will be so exciting to meet Luca’s family and see where he came from, but I also want to spend some time with Jackson, make sure that he’s fitting in here okay. 
Having two mates – it’s a great deal of work, isn’t it? 
As I lean back against my pillows and close my eyes, I sigh, ready to settle in for the night. But even as I begin to do that, I feel a little nudge in my soul. 
My eyes fly open because…well, what the hell was that? 
My wolf, eager, jumps to her feet. It was Jacks! She says, her tongue lolling a little as she spins in a circle, looking for the source of the little bump. I go still, trying to figure it out, when it comes again. My wolf gives an eager yip, excited. 
He…hello? I say in my mind, passing the words down the bond. Jackson and I haven’t figured out the mechanics of speaking mind–to–mind to each other the way that Luca and I have, but we’ve had much less time to practice, haven’t we? 
There’s a pause, and then another nudge comes, accompanied – of all things – by the mental image of the outside of my own bedroom door. 
I send a request for patience down the line, wordless and emotional, as I grin, getting excited. I look over at Daphne, but she’s curled up neatly in her little bed, breathing peacefully, so I decide to risk it. I do my best to be sneaky and silent as I scootch to the end of my bed, and swing my legs out, and then patter over to my bedroom door. 
When I pull it delicately open, my face bursts into a grin when I see my mate standing there, leaning against my doorframe and looking impossibly sexy for someone who is just… 
1/2 
leaning against some wood. 
“What are you doing here!?” I hiss, stepping out of my room and pulling the door shut softly shut behind me, a move that conveniently brings me so close to him that I can feel his body heat even though we’re not touching. My eyes flutter half shut as I’m overwhelmed by his rich, heavy scent. 
“Are you tired?” Jacks murmurs, looking down at me and running a hand over my hair, tucking it back behind my ears. “Were you sleeping?” 
Grinning, I shake my head no. 
“Well,” he says, giving a little shrug. “I’m not sleepy yet either. So…let’s hang out. 
– 
I laugh a little, silently, and then press one finger to my lips as I grab his hand and pull him along with me down the short hall to the living room of our family suite, where we had the mom will clean it up in the party tonight. The room is dark and still messy from all the fun morning, I know and luckily silent. I stop at the doorway, peering around for a second, casting my wolf hearing out to the door on the far side of the room that leads to the Royal Suite where mom and dad sleep. 
– 
But luckily, there’s nothing. I grin up at Jacks and then pull him across the room to the hall door, where we slip out. But once I close it behind us, I know that speed is more important than stealth. 
“Run!” I whisper, spinning and starting down the hall at a sprint. 
###Chapter 179
Chapter 179
Chapter 0279 
I move fast down the hall, Jackson at my heels, and I hope desperately that we’re lucky enough to evade the guards who prowl these halls at night. I mean, we haven’t had a problem with being attacked in our own Palace…ever? So the guards are few and far between. But still, we’ve got to move fast because if they see us, they’re definitely going to tell my mom that I’m out of bed. 
And I really, really want nothing more right now than a few stolen hours with Jackson. 
ADOR 
My mate runs after me, shaming me a bit with his speed and his silence, and I can feel the joy pulsing through him as we go. He’s checking his steps, I know, to let me take the lead but then again, I’m the one who knows where to go. When I get to the end of the hall 1 fling open a door and wave him through, whispering “to the top! All the way 
up!” 
Jackson sends a gorgeous grin over his shoulder before he starts to run up the stairs, so sweet and handsome that it makes me stumble in my steps a bit. But I recover quickly, dashing up after my mate. When Jacks gets to the top of the fourth flight he pushes open the only door there, and steps out onto our rooftop garden. 
“Whoa,” he says, going still so fast that I almost bang into him. 
“Move!” I say, laughing, not bothering to be quiet anymore as I give him a playful shove out of the doorway and press the door shut behind us. Jackson obliges, stepping out into the garden and looking around. 
“What is this place?” he whispers, a bit in awe, turning and taking in the four ancient, gnarled olive trees that stand in the four corners of our garden. Scattered fruit trees grow between them, as well as lots of pretty little potted roses and herbs, creating the effect of a very charming little orchard garden. Along the southern wall there’s an outdoor kitchen all set up and fully stocked, and next to that a little shed that contains everything we need to make a picnic. 
“Mom was worried we weren’t getting enough sunshine when we were kids,” I say, moving to the shed and pulling out some blankets and pillows, handing them to my mate, who follows. “So, she built us this little garden. She said kids are like plants – they need sunshine to grow.” 
Jackson murmurs something that sounds like assent as I move to the kitchen. “Are you hungry?” I ask, pulling open the little fridge and pulling out a bottle of white wine, pouring us each a glass. “There’s food, if you want it.” I nod towards the cabinets and the fridge, which I know will be packed with food. 
1/2 
+15 BONUS 
“I’m not hungry,” Jackson says, watching me curiously and peering around. “You guys keep … food up here?” 
“We keep food everywhere,” I say, grinning at him and nodding my head to the side, silently asking him to follow me to the center of the garden, where you can see the stars between the branches of the trees if you lay down on the ground. “Mom didn’t grow up with much, so she has kind of a scarcity mindset. She stocks snacks all around the Palace so that if anyone ever feels a single hunger pang, she can be on it. Plus, growing up, Rafe did eat pretty much constantly. So it was kind of necessary. And Markie’s doing the same.” 
I trade Jackson the wine for the blankets and spread one out on the thick plushy grass before I scatter the pillows around. Then I sink down onto the blanket, patting the ground next to me, inviting Jackson to sit. He does, handing me one of the glasses. “Your mom didn’t grow up with much?” he asks, a little confused. And I guess that makes sense – mom wears her Queen status like she was born to it. 
1 
“Mom was an orphan,” I say, peering at Jacks, curious that he didn’t know this. I thought everyone in the country knew mom’s story. “She and Aunt Cora grew up together in the orphanage – it was only when they were all grown up that they found out that they were biological half–sisters. Daughters of the moon goddess.” 
“Yesss,” Jackson says, narrowing his eyes at me a little in a playful way. “This bizarre little bit of trivia was mentioned earlier with a promise of an explanation later. Can I have that 
now?” 
I laugh, nodding and scootching close to Jackson so that I’m pressed to his side, and Jacks winds his arms around me as I give him the quick version of mom and dad’s history – how they thought mom was a human, how she was accidentally pregnant with dad’s baby due to some shenanigans at a sperm bank, how they fell in love and uncovered a world of secrets while she was pregnant with Rafe. Jacks listens carefully as I speak and I lean against him, curling into his side and looking up into his handsome face as I tell it. 1 
“That’s really weird,” he says when I’m finished, stroking my cheek with his hand, and I laugh at the simplicity and the understatement of his chosen three words. “So, your magic comes like… immediately from the moon goddess? A gift from her?” 
###Chapter 180
Chapter 180
Chapter 0280 
“I think so,” I say, giving a little shrug. “That’s what she called it when mom and Cora talked to her, after all. A ‘gift.‘ She said all of her grandchildren would be likewise gifted. Do you know where yours comes from?” 
Slowly he shakes his head. “No idea.” 
“Well, maybe it’s also a gift,” I say, considering it as I stare up into his blue eyes, his dark head framed against the night sky. “After all, she clearly knows about you, if she picked you out as my mate.” 
“That’s so weird,” he whispers, his eyes going a little distant, “to think that the Goddess… knows about me. I’ve always felt so…anonymous and inconsequential my whole life. I never in a million years would have thought the Goddess had an eye on me.” 
“Of course she does,” I say, lifting a hand to idly stroke his chest. “You’re like…really good looking, Jacks. And she’s a woman after all.” 
“Don’t be creepy,” he murmurs, his eyes focusing on me as he smirks. “That’s your grandmother.” 
I burst out laughing, shaking my head at him. “I don’t like you thinking of yourself as inconsequential, Jacks,” I say with a sigh, nuzzling closer. “You’re everything.” 
Jackson smiles at me, I think touched, and strokes my face with his thumb. “The city makes me feel more inconsequential, I think,” he says, lifting his head to peer around, though we can’t see the city around us from this part of the roof. “Though…being around these trees helps.” I nod, understanding. Mom was very careful in selecting the placement of our little roof garden 
like our own little bit of nature. And I’m well it feels very secluded up here aware that Jacks feels more comfortable in natural spaces than surrounded by stone. 
― 
– 
I tilt my head to the side, wondering if I’d subconsciously considered that when I decided to bring him up here tonight. There’s a whole Palace’s worth of rooms to hang out in, after all. And I picked the roof. 
for “Do you hate it? The city?” I ask quietly, genuinely wanting to know. Because, I mean, better or for worse the city is my home, and if I’m going to be a part of this royal family at least part of my time will be spent here. If Jackson hates it…well, that will make things difficult, won’t it? 
“I hated it at first,” he murmurs, thoughtful. “It’s better with you here.” 
“Wait,” I say, sitting up a little and peering at him. “It was worse for like the fifteen minutes you waited for me to get off the train? What was so bad about that?” 
“No, Ari,” he says, shaking his head and laughing a little. “It was worse for the three months when I lived here.” 
“What!?” I squeak, starting back a little and then smacking him on the chest, making him laugh harder. “Jackson! You lived here!?” 
“Well, yeah!” he says, still laughing, pleased that he surprised me and made me squeak He likes doing that, I know I can feel it down the bond. “Did you think I went straight from my weird cult up North to the Academy?” 
– 
“Well, yeah!” I say, fascinated now and dying to hear this story. 
“Nah,” he says, smirking and shaking his head. “I would have been…a disaster, if I’d have done that, and the men who sent me to the Academy knew that. I would have been so shocked at the way people act and talk, so…out of the loop of the culture. They sent me to live in the city for three months first, so I could become acculturated, not stand out so 
much.” 
I hesitate, grimacing a little, putting my hands flat on my sweetheart’s chest. “I hate to break it to you, Jacks,” I say softly, “but you…still kind of stood out. As a complete and total weirdo.” 
He laughs, grabbing me to him and pulling me tight against his chest, muttering all sorts of dark things about how dare I call him a weirdo and how he’s going to make me pay for that slander. But I just laugh, because his joking threats are nonsense to me, and I climb into his lap and let him wrap me up warm against him, so pleased and happy to be here in his arms. 
“I know,” he says with a sigh against my hair, nodding and holding me tight. “I was a disaster at the Academy too, which is why you were my only friend, even after I tried to kill you a little bit. But if you think I was bad then, you should have seen me when I first arrived in the city.” 
“Tell me,” I whisper, raising a hand to cup his cheek, loving the way the start of his stubble feels against my palm. 
And, to my delight, Jackson begins to tell me more of his story. 
###Chapter 181
Chapter 181
Chapter 0281 
“I was a catastrophe of a person,” Jackson groans, laughing softly as he presses his eyes shut and remembers his first few days in the city. “I was…so shocked by the noise, Ariel, and the pavement – god, stone and metal everywhere – and the people. God, I didn’t think that there were that many people in the world, let alone one city.” 
– 
I stay quiet, letting Jackson tell at his own pace. He moves pretty quickly through the story of how he was chosen from the ranks of the young men in his community to attend the Alpha Academy, to gain what new military knowledge he could and bring it back to his own world. 
Jacks leaves out a lot as he tells me about how they barely prepared him and then dropped him at a boarding house in the city three months ahead of time, I think not wanting to remember all of it. But he tells me how he showed up basically with a spare set of clothing, a handful of cash, and the order to acclimate himself. 
“I stayed inside for a whole week,” he murmurs, shaking his head with an embarrassed smile on his lips. “Like, inside my room. I had this little window? And I sat at it all day, just watching people walk by, trying to…to figure out who they were, what their lives were like. I felt like a complete alien – like I was from another planet, Ariel. There were just men and women, walking together, holding hands, in these weird clothes – and just like, kids everywhere…” he shakes his head at what must have felt so bizarre. 
“Well, what changed?” I ask, desperately curious. 
“The landlady came,” he murmurs, looking down at me with a smirk. “Demanding the next week’s rent. And that’s when I realized that…I was going to run out of money very, very soon.” 
“What!?” I gasp, horrified that he was out of money after a week. “Jackson, how much did they send you with?” 
“Like, fifty bucks,” he says, laughing and shaking his head. “Which I’m sure to them felt like an insane amount of money to just hand over – we don’t deal with a lot of cash in the community. I’m not sure they knew how fast it would run out? Or maybe they did.” He shrugs like it doesn’t matter.. 
do?” 
I curl up closer to him, so sorry for my mate and feeling guilty that I’ve never once wondered about paying rent or whether or not I’d have enough money to get by. “So, what did you “Some of the other guys in the house noticed how miserable and scared I was,” he says, smiling at me and stroking his hand over my hair, “and that I hadn’t eaten in a week. They took pity – got me a job washing dishes at one of the restaurants in town. It was enough for some food, and the rent, and the utilities. And it made me leave the room, made me go do what I was supposed to do – which is learn how to be in this world.” 
I’m quiet again as Jackson continues, telling me that he was basically a little mouse of an employee – always on time, reliable, hard–working, but silent. That he spent his days listening to people in the kitchen talking to each other, learning about modern life, starting to pick up the vernacular and get more comfortable here. 
“I was lucky,” he murmurs, “that pretty much everyone in the kitchen was a man. There were some waitresses, of course,” he smiles here and covers his face with his hand like he does when he’s embarrassed. “And I realize now that they may have been…hitting on me. But I 
1/2 
refused to talk to them 
TANY 
I was terrified.” 
+15 BONUS 
I laugh along with him at this and press myself closer, secretly grateful that none of those other girls got their mitts on him. As hypocritical as it is, the idea of another girl touching Jackson makes me want to bare my fangs and tear her stupid face off. And even if Jackson has hinted that there was another girl in his past…well. I guess I don’t want to talk about her right now, do 1? 
H 
2/2 
16 BONUS 
###Chapter 182
Chapter 182
Chapter 0282 
“I hate that,” I murmur, working to press myself closer to him, even though that’s not really possible. “I hate the idea of you scared, and alone, and talking to girls when I was just like… half a city away.” 
“But you were engaged,” he says, his voice strange- I think a little amused? I don’t know. I can’t quite parse it. 
“You knew about that?” I ask, looking up at him wide–eyed, 
“How could I not?” he asks, grinning at me. “You were all over the media – – and it’s all anyone would talk about, especially as it got close.” 
“Well,” I say, smiling myself a little too and reaching up to stroke my fingers through his hair. “What did you think about it?” 
“You’ll be disappointed in me, Ari,” he murmurs, lowering his face and taking a sniff of my hair. “I didn’t really think about it. It was all very far from what I had been instructed to think was important, what I could understand – a royal wedding…” he shakes his head. “I didn’t have a way to understand it, why it was important.” 
“Oh, come on,” I say, shoving his shoulder a little, my smile deepening. “You must have thought something.” 
Jackson grins at me for a long moment before he breaks, looking away from me like he can’t hold my eyes while he admits it. “Fine,” he says, heaving a little sigh. “I thought you were… very pretty.” 
“Pretty!?” I say, grinning and sitting up straighter with a happy squeak. “You thought I was pretty!?” 
“Just in passing,” he mutters, still not looking at me, a faint blush on his cheeks. “I saw a few pictures on the covers of magazines –” 
“So then how did you not recognize me when we met!?” I shout, laughing and tugging on his shirt, wanting him to look at me again. My mate, ever obliging, turns his head to smile at me. 
“Because you were a boy, Ariel – and you smelled like a boy, and I had no reason to equate the lowest–ranked Candidate at the academy with the pretty girl I’d seen on a magazine cover 
(( 
“You thought I was prettttty,” I sing, a little delighted, wiggling victoriously in his lap. 
“And I was right,” he growls, snatching me closer and bending me back a bit in a way that makes heat coil in my core. “You are pretty. Much prettier in person, and not dressed up in all that bride–y gauze.” 
“Yes, all that bride stuff really was crap,” I say with a sigh, staring up at him, starry–eyed and swept away by how wonderful he is – at once handsome, and powerful, and cute. God, how does he manage it? 
But there’s still so much more I want to know, and I’m being selfish, turning this conversation away from him. 
+15 BONUS 
“So,” I ask, quieting down, sitting up straighter and resolving to be good. “How’d you spend your time off? Did you hang out with the guys that you lived with?” 
All I want in the world right now is to sit right here in my mate’s lap, listening to him talk for hours, spinning out the story of his life. I’d listen for days, if time and circumstance would let me, even
though I know they won’t. 
“In my time off,” Jackson murmurs, thinking back on it and raising his hand to my hair, petting me again, “at first, I just sat alone in my room. But then the guys I lived with – they were kind, but…a little rough, you know? They told me I’m a sad sack and that I was being a creep, just sitting in there in the dark. They made me come out into the communal living room, which is where I discovered… television.” 
“What!?” I gasp, unable to keep from laughing a little. Jackson laughs along with me, though, giving a self–deprecating little shrug. “You didn’t know what television was!?” 
2/2 
###Chapter 0183
Chapter 0183
This gets his attention, and he snaps his face to mine, snarling and baring his teeth. But I just cross my arms, glaring up at him. “Would you listen to me? I know things, all right? And she’s not here.” 
Jackson goes still, just staring at me. 
“I’m not tricking you, Jacks!” I shout, frantic myself now, wanting to get a move on, wanting to get his mind back on the correct problem before he wastes more time than he already has. “Do you think I’d lie to you? Seriously, after everything we’ve been through in the past few months – I know I’m still keeping things from you, Jacks, but do you honestly think I’d turn you away from your mate if she really needed your help!?” 
Jackson’s face softens slightly as he stares at me, his teeth still bared. 
And I nod once when I see his eyes clear, see him believe me. 
Because, despite everything, over the past few months we have become friends. I have earned some of his trust, and he knows I won’t betray him. 
Jackson stares at me for a few moments longer and I hold his gaze, willing him to take my side. 
And then he just turns, covering his face with his hand as he tilts his head up to the sky, groaning as he shakes his head. “God, Clark, what the fuck is going on?” he murmurs against his palms. 
And I sigh, shaking my head, wanting desperately to tell him, to make this easier on him. 
“Can we just go, Jacks?” I say on a sigh, exhausted by all of this – by the Examination, by the sight of my mate so upset, by the fact that another cadet just tried very hard to murder me. 
And god, we’re not even an hour into this bullshit.
Slowly Jackson turns, sighing himself, meeting my eyes. “I don’t understand this, Ari,” he whispers, and the fact that he’s using my name now – not Clark – warms me. 
“I know,” I say in reply, taking a step towards him. “I’m sorry.” 
He just shakes his head, closing the distance between us and wrapping a broad hand around my arm. “Is she okay?” 
I exhale sharply, looking up at him. “She’s fine.” 
He stares at me, confused, but I look to the right, along the ridge. 
“Come on,” I say, taking a step forward and pulling him with me. “Jacks, we have to go. We can’t stay here – we have to get to the end.” 
He tightens his hand, not letting me get away. “Do you promise?” he breathes, and I turn back to him, my heart aching at his sincerity. “Do you promise she’s safe?” 
“She is now,” I say, steady. 
Jackson takes a deep breath, nodding once, and then drops his hand from my arm. I nod back, steady, and then I start again, adjusting the crossbow slung over my back, and I don’t look back to see if he’s following. Because I know that he is. 
My mate – of course he’s at my side. Of course he is. And with him here, I actually have a shot at surviving this. 
Jackson and I walk for a long time in silence, and I give him the space to pull himself together. I don’t miss, out of the corner of my eye, that he sends worried looks over his shoulder and I swear at one point that I hear a very wolfish whine of worry come from his throat.
But I just breathe out and concentrate on moving forward and paying attention to our surroundings, because one of us needs to be attentive to the world around us. A thousand things could happen now, the most dangerous of which would be getting attacked by another larger group of cadets. 
As we walk, though, I calm, and I feel Jackson next to me do the same. Passively, I wonder if that’s just normal empathy letting me know that he’s calming down and starting to concentrate on the situation at hand, or if it’s the connection between us, growing deeper. 
After about twenty of minutes of walking, Jackson pushes a canteen against my chest, making my jump a little. “Drink,” he murmurs, and I glance to the side to see him pulling his own map out of his pocket, looking over it. “Let me see your map,” he murmurs. “I want to make sure that they’re the same.”
###Chapter 0184
Chapter 0184
I oblige, taking a quick sip from the canteen as Jackson holds one map in each hand looking them over. He gives a swift nod, handing one back to me. 
“Thanks, by the way,” I say, taking my attention from the path for a moment as I hand his canteen back to him. “For…rescuing me. Again.” 
Jackson doesn’t say anything, just shoots me a little look and nods like it was the obvious thing to do. But guilt wells in me, because I know that even though his mate and I are one in the same, that he wasn’t actually trying to save the me he knows, Ari Clark – he was trying to save some anonymous girl. 
And a little jealousy suddenly wells in me… 
But I scowl and brush away. 
Because honestly, am I wasting time in this Examination being jealous of myself!? My wolf huffs at me, giving my soul a nip, telling me to pay attention. So I do, pushing myself forward along the ridge as fast as I can, which is slower than I’d like it to be. The terrain has changed now, moving from smooth forest to rocky terrain that slows my steps, even as night falls. 
After about two hours, Jackson sighs, putting a hand on my shoulder. “Stop,” he says, and I turn to see him shaking his head as he looks up at the sky. “We need a plan.” 
I stop, turning to him as he again pulls out his map, taking advantage of the last gasps of light to review it. I come to his side, standing on my tiptoes so that I can see it as well. 
“The bridge is a trap,” I murmur, frustrated. 
“It wouldn’t be,” he replies, his voice chagrined, “if we were faster.”
I scowl, because I know that’s my fault. If it weren’t for me, Jackson would be halfway up the mountain by now. 
“The Examination is testing a lot of things,” Jackson says, speaking his thoughts aloud as he studies the map. “How fast we can move, how we deal with our apparent enemies, whether or not we can change plans on a dime. Eventually, it will test our ability to handle rough terrain,” he says, pointing towards the land closest to the Final Destination, which I noted early is mostly cliffs that we’ll have to scale. 
I study the map alongside him. “Cadets are going to gather at the bridge,” I sigh, shaking my head. “Make it hell for anyone to cross.” 
“Yup,” he agrees, nodding. “It’s not a bad plan – anyone who is strong and fast enough will have already crossed anyway and made it to the mountain by tonight. But for anyone who is a little slower or doesn’t have the ability to shift, it will be worth it to take the time and knock out faster candidates as they try to cross. I mean, I can take them, but…” he glances down at me, not needing to finish the sentence. 
I ignore the fact that I cannot, looking up into his face and frowning. “Would it even be worth it, though? I mean, even if you could take them and do some damage, you risk getting hurt.” 
“They can’t hurt me,” Jackson mutters, his eyes roving over the map for a plan. 
“Jacks,” I sigh, suddenly pissed and a little sick at the idea of him barreling through a gauntlet of cadets at the bridge. “You’re not invulnerable, you’re just big. Stop being so cavalier.” 
Jackson takes a second to study me with a frown, I think surprised that someone is worried about him. But then he just shrugs. “It doesn’t change anything,” he says. “We still have to get you across.”
I bite my lip, staring up at my mate’s perfect face, suddenly horribly guilty at all he’s giving up by dragging my tiny little self along in his wake. “Jacks,” I say softly. “Just…go on without me. Leave me behind.” 
Slowly, Jackson turns to stare at me like I’ve said the craziest thing he’s ever heard.
###Chapter 0185
Chapter 0185
“I’m not leaving you behind, Ari,” Jackson spits out, glaring at me like I’ve said something horrible and ridiculous, like we should both throw ourselves off the cliff. 
“I’m just slowing you down!” I say, throwing out my hands for emphasis. “Seriously, if you hadn’t back-tracked for me, you’d be like, finished now –“ 
“I didn’t backtrack for you,” he mutters, still staring at me, “I backtracked for –“ 
“Your mate, whatever,” I sigh, rolling my eyes. “Either way, it’s not fair. I’ll find my own way up the mountain, it will be fine.” 
“It will not be fine,” he says, reaching out to grab my arm. “Do you think I want to do this without you!?” 
“What?” I ask, suddenly baffled. 
“Not…not this, Ari,” Jackson says, waving the map around at the darkening forest. “Not the Examination. I mean, the Academy. Do you think I’m not aware that you’re the only person who has been nice to me? That you’re – you’re the only human connection I have at all?” 
“But,” I frown at him, “Rafe and Jesse –“ 
“Are only friends with me because you make them be –“ 
“That’s not true, Jackson,” I whisper, turning to face him, desperate for him to believe me. “They like you for who you are – sure, I was the start of it, but they really do –“ 
“Ari,” Jackson sighs, his shoulders slumping, “this isn’t the time for a pep talk. Just – I’m not leaving you behind, okay? I found you in the woods, for some reason – because you’re always weirdly around when I smell her scent – but…I’m not leaving you behind now, all right? There’re ways to do
this, even if I have to drag you up the mountain myself.” He mutters the final words, looking back at the map, and a slow, terribly pleased smile creeps over my face. 
Because my mate – he likes me. He’s my friend. 
And as stupid as that is to realize because, duh, of course your mate is supposed to like you as a person…god, it means everything in the world to me right now. 
“Okay,” I whisper, giving in and stepping close. “So, what should we do?” 
“Can you shift?” he asks, glancing over at me, hesitating. Not everyone can shift – some people, even though they’re full wolves, just never develop the ability. “This will all be a lot easier if you can run as a wolf.” 
I bite my lip, because while I can shift…I mean, the jig will instantly be up if I do. Jackson will take one whiff of my honey and clove scent in my wolf form and know immediately who I am. 
Which will, of course, destroy his world and throw his attention off again when we both need to concentrate on getting to the top of the mountain. 
So, slowly, I decide to lie, hoping desperately that it’s the right choice. “No,” I whisper, and my wolf howls within me to be denied the chance to run as well as the fact that we’re blatantly lying to our mate. “I…I can’t shift.” 
Jackson scowls, looking down at the map. “Well, let’s get to the bridge then,” he says, folding it neatly and sliding it into his back pocket. “See what the situation is there. Then…we can make our next move.” 
Nodding, I fall in slightly behind him, letting him take the lead.
We walk for another hour then, with me placing my feet where Jackson placed his, trusting his steady steps and his apparently innate knowledge of the wilderness to know the best way through the dark. He silently, almost passively watches out for me, pointing to tricky spots or turning to offer a hand when the terrain is particularly steep. I stop noticing the pulse that rushes through the air every time we touch, because it’s become natural to me now, just part of being near him. 
Both of us become intent, though, when we see fire ahead. I focus my eyesight, seeing the edge of the ravine and the start to the bridge next to it. Clearly, a group of cadets truly has set up something of a toll at the crossing, and they’re not being shy about announcing it. 
“Bold,” Jackson murmurs, peering through the trees. Then he looks around, interested. “Let’s get to higher ground,” he says, nodding upwards to a cliff above us. “I want to see what we’re up against there.”
###Chapter 0186
Chapter 0186
Then, to my shock, Jackson ferrets out a teeny tiny little path up the cliff, balancing on it with incredible grace that makes me wonder if he’s part goat shifter, instead of all wolf. I do my best to follow, clinging to the rock and taking his patient hand when I need to. Twenty minutes later we’re about thirty feet in the air on a flat jut of rock about ten feet wide. I hesitate, wondering if it’s safe, but Jackson crouches casually on the edge, apparently having no such concerns. 
I scowl and move close to him, wishing I moved in the wilderness with his clear ease and confidence. 
Too much time hanging out in a palace, I guess. 
“What are you seeing?” I whisper, wanting to know what the situation below looks at from his eyes. 
“Big group,” he murmurs, gesturing towards the three fires burning below and the cadets gathered around them. “Already done some damage.” He points to the side now and I grimace to see that there are about ten cadets passed out to the side, my stomach turning to see a few of their legs twisted and broken, taken out of the running in their attempt to cross. 
I press my eyes shut, swallowing hard, hoping desperately that none of them are Ben, or Jesse, or Luca, or Rafe. But…no, it can’t be. Their stories at the Academy can’t end like that, and neither can mine. 
“So?” I ask, forcing myself to open my eyes and pay attention. “What do you think, do we risk it? Rush it?” 
“No, too many of them,” Jackson murmurs, shaking his head. “They’ll hold out overnight, hoping to take out more. Then, in the morning, they’ll shift and run. Maybe cut the bridge behind them. We need to get across another way.”
“Is there another way?” I ask, fear curling in me now. 
“Down the ravine and back up,” Jackson murmurs, nodding and pointing left along the trail, beyond the bridge. “It’s…harder, it will take time.” 
“Well let’s go,” I say, standing up straight. But Jackson’s hand intercepts me, pulling me back down. 
“Impossible in the dark,” he murmurs, and I can see him shake his head. “Handholds, footholds… you could easily fall to your death.” 
I don’t miss that he says that I could fall to my death. He doesn’t mention himself. 
“So, what?” I ask, ignoring it. “First light?” 
“First light,” he says, nodding. “We move along the ridge, get to a high point, get into position. Then, as soon as we can see…we move. Hope to hell nobody has projectiles, like you.” He nods to my crossbow. 
“The only people who do will be marksmen,” I sigh. “And…the other two are close enough with me. They won’t take us out.” 
“Trusting,” Jackson says, his voice sarcastic, like he clearly thinks that they might. But I ignore him as we both stand and move to the left along the cliff face. Again, I step where he steps, trusting the fact that if the stone can hold him it can certainly hold me. About fifteen minutes pass as we move along and I’m drenched in sweat, even in the cool night air, with the stress of having to balance so high and so precariously. 
Finally, though, we come to another wide, flat area, this time with a slight overhang in the cliff face that creates a little shelter. I peer into it, a little worried it might already contain some wildlife, but Jackson moves towards it without a care.
“In,” he says, tossing his canteen beneath the overhang and taking off his backpack, dropping that too. I do as I’m told, sitting down and crossing my legs, unlooping the crossbow from my shoulder and placing it at my side along with the arrows as I look up at him. “There’s some fruit in there, and bread,” he says, gesturing towards the bag. “You should eat.” 
“Well, you should too,” I mutter, pulling it towards me as I realize how hungry I really am. 
“Nah, I don’t need it,” Jackson says, putting his hands on his hips and looking back the way that we came. “Eat as much as you want. I’ll be back by morning.” 
And then my mouth drops open as Jackson begins to stride away.
###Chapter 0187
Chapter 0187
“What!” I shriek, scrambling to my knees and knocking the fruit and bread out of my lap. 
“Shh!” Jackson hisses, turning back towards me and holding out a hand, looking at me like I’m crazy. “Don’t be an idiot, Ari! If we’re waiting for dawn to move into the ravine, others are too! And they will come for us! Just…be quiet, all right!?” 
“Jackson!” I whisper, full of rage, ignoring his words and getting to my feet, striding towards him, “you are not leaving me here!” 
He huffs a little laugh, clearly implying that I couldn’t stop him if I tried. “Yeah, Ari, I am.” 
“You are not!” I put my hands on his chest and shove, angry. 
“I’ll be back!” he says, not budging an inch. “I promise, all right? I’m not abandoning you – I’ll be back at dawn, I’ll help you. I just…” 
And I go still as I see his head turn again, back the way we came, back to where… 
Well, back to where he imagines she is. 
His mate, alone. 
His mate, frightened in the wilderness, needing his help. 
And then even though I assured him that she’s safe, that there’s nothing wrong, he can’t leave it. 
“Jackson,” I beg, wrapping my fists in his shirt and staring up at him. “Please, please don’t do this.” 
“I have to, Ari,” he says through his teeth, frustrated with me. “She’s my mate.” 
“She’s fine!” I insist again, tightening my fists, trying to will him to believe me.
“I know that you believe that,” Jackson snaps, shaking his head. “But Ari, I smelled her, I could taste her fear on the air – I swear it, something happened to her.” 
“And she got through it!” I insist. “Didn’t it go away!? Didn’t the fear like…dissipate!?” 
“Yeah,” he concedes, “but what if that’s because she got hurt? What if she’s unconscious?” He scowls, stepping away from me roughly, suddenly angry. “I never should have let you drag me away from there. I should have stayed –“ 
“You should not have stayed!” I snap, getting pissed in my own right now, because Jackson – he’s being foolish. “She’s fine! She doesn’t need you to go searching for her – she needs you to stay here, so you can be ready to cross at first light!” 
“How the fuck do you know that, Ari!?” Jackson growls, stepping towards me, looming over me. And I realize, quite suddenly, that this is a fight – a real fight. And if I’m not careful, I could make this Alpha snap, that it could get violent – 
But I dismiss the thought, instantly. Because my mate – he won’t hurt me. His body, his biology won’t let him hurt me. 
Except…well, except if he doesn’t know who I am. 
I push it all away, stepping into his space now, unable to help it. “I know that she’s safe the way I’ve always known, Jacks,” I reply, my voice low with my own anger in response to his. “Have I ever betrayed you? Have you ever not been able to trust me? Have –“ 
“I probably shouldn’t have been trusting you this entire time!” Jackson suddenly exclaims, throwing up his hands in the air. “I don’t know why I do! I mean, is this your magical gift, Clark!? Making me act like a god damn idiot!? Making me constantly, consistently turn away from my mate and just believe you that one day you’re going to tell me what the fuck is going on!?”
“You trust me because you know I’m trustworthy!” I snap, putting my hands on my hips. “What was all of that about friendship earlier!? About not abandoning me because I’m the only one who’s been nice to you?” 
“And what is that about, Clark?” Jackson says, his voice a little more dangerous now as he steps closer to me, moving so close that his chest bounces against mine, making me fall back a step. I regain my footing fast, scowling at him, suddenly livid that he’d bully me like that – use his larger form to intimidate him.
###Chapter 0188
Chapter 0188
“What are you talking about?” I growl. 
“Is that why you’re nice to me?” he asks, and I can hear the wound in his voice now. “Because you realize that…that that’s the only way you’re getting through this? You found the loneliest guy in the Academy and gave him the scraps of your attention, and for that I do what – carry you through the Examination? Is that –“ he pauses now, his voice catching, “is that seriously what’s happening? Have you…have you been leading me on, telling me that you’ll tell me about my mate someday to…because you know that it would wrap me around your finger?” 
I stare up into his face in the darkness, completely shocked, appalled at the idea. 
And my heart absolutely breaks for him, that he could consider this a possibility. Again, my mind turns to what his world must have been like – who raised him, that he could imagine me so manipulative? 
“Jackson,” I breathe, shaking my head, “I would never do that to you. You’re – you’re my friend –“ 
His MATE! My wolf howls, grieving within me, realizing alongside me that we’re wounding him further. 
Because whatever world he did grow up in, we’re doing the same thing. We are lying to him, every day, because it easier for us. Tears spring to my eyes and my mouth goes dry as I stare up at him, not knowing what to do. 
Jackson – I have been betraying him. And he’s been so tough, so sturdy, that he – he just took it, uncomplaining. 
“I’m going after her,” Jackson growls down into my face, ignoring my emotions. “I have to see, Clark. I have to make sure that there’s no trace of her in the forest – I need to know that she’s okay.”
“Jackson,” I murmur, stepping forward once again, wrapping my hands in his shirt, desperate. “Jackson, she’s not out there. I swear on everything that she’s not – please, please just stay here.” 
“Ari,” he whispers, have livid and half desperate, “how can you ask me not to? How can you try to keep me away from her!?” 
“I’m not!” I gasp, the tears starting to roll down my cheeks. “I swear, Jackson, she’s safe! She’s not in any danger! You can’t leave – you can’t spend the rest of the night prowling around the forest looking for her! It’s pointless!” 
“How do you know that!?” he shouts, losing his temper now and shoving me away from him, his voice ringing out against the rocks as he forgets our situation completely, as he loses himself to his desperate anger, his need to know. 
“Because!” I shout in response, stumbling backwards before finding my balance, my hands fisted at my sides. “Because she’s right here, Jacks!” 
“What!?” he breathes, staring at me and then looking frantically around our little plateau like she’s going to suddenly appear or something. “What are you talking about, Ari –“ 
“It’s me!” I shout, the words stumbling from my mouth. 
My wolf howls in relief, her noise long and slow and agonized, like letting out a long-held breath that has been aching in her lungs. 
“What?” Jackson says, staring at me like I’m crazy, like I’m an idiot. 
“It’s me, Jacks!” I repeat, stepping forward and glaring at him, tossing out a hand between us like it’s obvious. “When you’re smelling your mate? You’re smelling me. You smelled my fear – that’s why you came running to me!”
“What?” he repeats, his face screwing up in concern and confusion, his head tilting as he tries to put it all together. “Are you two like…tied? Does her magic…does she feel your fear? Are you like… twins?” 
Oh my god, my wolf says, standing rigid in my soul. He really…he really just doesn’t get it.
###Chapter 0189
Chapter 0189
I stare at Jackson like he’s an idiot now. Because…honestly I really kind of did think that he’d figured it out, at a least a little bit. Or that once I told him, all the pieces would snap into place. 
But the way he’s looking at me…Jackson does not know. 
He bought, hook line and sinker, the lie that I’m Ari Clark, royal cousin who has some strange and elusive tie to his mate. 
“Jacks,” I growl, shaking my head. “No, it’s…it’s me. Your mate is me.” And with that, I whip off my cap, revealing the hair braided in a coil on top of my head, letting my true scent free. 
He continues staring at me, uncomprehending. But I see him stumble back a step, his eyes going wide the moment my scent hits him. 
“How…” he murmurs, his voice trembling. “How can you…you’re a Cadet…you’re male…” 
“Oh my god,” I groan, dipping my face into my hand for a second before dropping my hat and grabbing the hem of my shirt, tugging it up halfway as fast as I can so that he can see the shape of my body beneath, my wider hips, my trim waist. “Jacks, no, I’m a girl.” 
I stand there, my shirt fisted against my breasts, staring at him, breathless. 
Realization hits Jackson like a bus. 
His eyes go wide and he stumbles back a step, not breathing, his face going deathly pale in the light of the moon. I stare at Jackson, watching him struggle to make sense of the newly disparate pieces of the world. His eyes move fast over me again and again before, always, returning to my face. 
But he just stares back at me, slack-jawed, not saying a word.
And then, after a long, long moment of staring at each other, Jackson just…turns on his heel. 
And stalks away. 
And I stare after him in…absolute shock. 
Jackson’s tall form disappears quickly into the darkness and I stare, my mouth hanging open, into the black night for way, way too long. 
And then I groan a long, slow groan, standing up straight and burying my face in my hands, wondering what the hell I just did. 
It’s okay, my wolf says, a little frantic, it can’t be bad – we told him the truth…the truth can never be bad… 
Yeah, I reply, deeply sarcastic, unless the truth completely upends your world in the middle of an insane trial. And your core reaction is to just run and leave your mate stranded on a cliff somewhere. 
My wolf murmurs comforting things about how that can’t possibly be what’s happening, that he just needs a minute alone to process because he’s the solitary sort, but eventually she runs out of pleasant, hopeful sentiments as we both just stare into the darkness waiting for him to come back. 
But…he doesn’t. 
I curse, slowly and fluently, and turn towards the little overhang of rock where I’d been sitting with the water. I sink into that spot, sitting hard on my butt and ignoring the pain as I rest my elbows on my knees and then prop my miserable chin into my hands. 
Because, I mean, what did I think was going to happen!? That he was just going to be like, “Oh, cool! How nice! What a relief, now I can stay!”
No, of course, my weird outdoorsy Alpha mate reacted to his panic by going completely back to his roots. He probably shifted into his wolf and is now prowling around the cliffside in the moonlight, not even thinking human thoughts anymore, just letting his animal instincts take over and forgetting all about me. 
I scowl a little because…well, because as sorry as I feel about losing my temper and blurting it all out in a rush… 
It did hurt my feelings, a little bit, that he just…walked away. 
I mean, did he…did he reject me? 
Does he hate me? Did he realize that I’m a girl and think, immediately, “ew”? 
Oh my god…does Jackson think I’m ugly? 
I groan, putting my face back into my hands and shaking my head, hating that these are my thoughts right now. I mean, I hate not knowing, I hate that he’s not here to talk this through with me, to hear my apologies and my reassurances, but I also hate that I’m dealing with mate drama while I’ve got less than twenty-four hours now – or thereabouts – to get to the top of a mountain so that I can keep my place at Alpha Academy.
###Chapter 0190
Chapter 0190
I mean, could there have been a worse moment to admit the truth to my mate? 
“God, I have such shit timing,” I mutter to myself. 
My wolf lays down in my soul, stretching out her long, sorry nose, burying it under my mental hand, wanting to show me love at the same moment that she begs for a little attention. I turn towards her, giving her a little scratch, marveling again at the softness of her fur. 
It will be okay, she assures me, her eyes wide and limpid and sad. No matter what happens…it will be okay. 
I hope so, I say, smoothing her fur back lovingly. She lets her eyes drift shut, holding on to the hope for both of us. 
But she sits up at the same moment I do at the sound of footsteps pounding back towards us. 
My breath hitches because… 
I mean, is it Jackson? Coming back? 
Or…I mean, we weren’t precisely quiet, were we? 
Despite our earlier decision to be stealthy and quiet, to hide up here all night and sneak back out at dawn, we just got into a shouting match that other people were bound to notice. 
So…could it be someone else? Could it be someone coming…coming to hurt me? 
Anxious, I spin, looking for my crossbow. I reach for it, snatching it up into my left hand, my right working anxiously at the quarrel, wanting to get it loaded before whoever is approaching actually gets here.
But it’s too late – I’m not fast enough. 
And when I look up, and see who it is, the crossbow falls from my hands anyway. 
Because those shoulders, that height, that steady stride – I’d recognize it anywhere. In my sleep, in my dreams. 
Anywhere. 
My breath hitches as Jackson stalks across the little plateau towards me, his face stern. 
“Jacks,” I murmur, taking a step back, but there’s no time for anything else. 
Suddenly, he’s there, in front of me, and he doesn’t even pause his as he dips low, one arm going around my waist while the other hand wraps around the back of my thigh, lifting me suddenly and steadily up against him as he continues forward until my back is pressed against the wall of the cliff behind me. 
And then, before I even realize what’s happening, Jackson is kissing me. 
My physical reaction to Jackson is immediate, and visceral, and vivid. I cling to him, my legs wrapping instinctually around his waist as he moves his lips against mine, bidding my mouth open, dipping his tongue inside to lick me, to taste me. 
I’m completely frantic both with shock and the immediacy of wanting him. My hands seem like they move everywhere at once as I gasp against him, my eyes pressed shut. My fingers are in his hair, and then down his neck and his back as his hand untucks my shirt, pulling it out of my pants like it was stupid that it was ever in there in the first place. And then his palm is flat against the skin of my back and it makes me tilt my head back with a deep moan. God, Jackson’s skin against mine, suddenly it’s all – all that I want.
Jackson takes immediate advantage of my bared throat, dragging his mouth down the length of it, taking a long, slow breath of my scent as he goes. He drags his canines across my skin when his mouth gets to my shoulder, pressing his teeth delicately against the tendons there in a way that makes me shudder, hard. 
God, fuck, but I want him – immediately I want him. I pull my head back up and use my hands to lift his face, putting my thumbs beneath his heavy jaw and moving his mouth back to mine. Jackson immediately complies, kissing me fervidly, with utter abandon – taking my mouth with his, tasting me however he wants to. And every inch of me responds, pressing him closer, wrapping myself tighter around him.
###Chapter 0191
Chapter 0191
I’m panting, gasping really as Jackson presses me flat against the wall of rock, both of his hands under my shirt now, his palms a damn song against my skin as they press up over my ribs, as they move slow over my flesh like they’re trying to ensure that I’m here, that I’m real. 
And suddenly, quite suddenly, I realize that I do not at all want to be wearing this shirt anymore. That I don’t want to be wearing anything – that all I want in the entire world – 
No, not want – need – 
Is to have my skin bare against Jackson’s – flush, with nothing in between, not even air – nothing but sweat - 
Jackson groans, though, and turns his face away, ripping his mouth from mine. 
“What?” I breathe, my voice trembling as my hands again go to his cheeks, trying to turn his face back to me, wanting his mouth back right where it was. God, his mouth, those lips. “Jackson, please –“ 
I’m begging, but I don’t fucking care. God, I want him. 
I want him…bad. 
But Jackson just presses his mouth into a thin line and holds his eyes shut. “I…I think we need to stop, Ari,” he murmurs, his head moving once, sharply, from side to side. 
“What?” I gasp, baffled. “Why?” 
“Because,” he growls, and I go rigid when he turns his blue eyes to mine, when I see the powerful want behind his gaze. “Because if we don’t stop now, I am going to…throw you down in this dirt, Ari, and I am not going to be able to stop.”
My breath hitches in my chest and then stops completely as I consider that… 
Well. 
That that’s maybe not such a bad idea. 
But then, slowly, as Jackson stares at me, patiently waiting for me to catch up with him, I remember where we are. And what we’re trying to do. And the fact that there are people below us who will probably try to kill or maim us if they find out we’re here. And that tomorrow we have to climb a ravine and then a mountain. 
So. 
This is probably not the right time to let my mate throw me to the ground and ravish me. 
As I stare at him, putting all the pieces together, I can’t help the furious scowl that forms on my lips. 
Jackson’s face breaks into a slow grin as he raises a hand, tracing the shape of my lips with his thumb. “Perfect,” he murmurs, shaking his head as he stares at my mouth like he can’t believe it. 
He leans forward again, pressing a kiss to my lips, ridiculously soft considering the way that we both just tore into each other. 
But my body responds again, beyond me or despite me or just…expressing precisely how I feel. And I lean into the kiss, moving my mouth slowly over his, holding him close to me and never, ever wanting to let him go. 
Jackson, again the responsible party here – I am doing absolutely nothing to help, I’m well aware - again breaks our kiss with a groan, shaking his head.
“Fine,” I sigh, tilting my head back and giving him a half-hearted shove on the shoulder. “Let me down, then, you big gigantic brute.” 
Jackson just laughs but keeps me in his arms as he pulls me away from the wall, folding his legs beneath him and sinking gracefully to the ground with me still in his arms, tucking us away beneath the little overhang of rock. It’s dark, but in the moonlight I can still make out his features, his expressions. Suddenly, ridiculously, I bless the goddess that it’s a clear night. 
And then I grin, looking up at the moon, realizing that…well, that that’s her. And she did this. And so of course my grandmother has given me a clear night so that I can look on my mate’s face. My smile broadens and I send her a quick prayer of thanks because… 
Well, because I really like my mate. She picked well. 
“Are you okay?” Jackson asks, drawing my attention back to him. 
“What?” I ask, confused. 
“I, um – I’m sorry, for like, slamming you up against the rocks.” He grimaces at me a little. “I got carried away.” 
“Jacks,” I say, laughing and shaking my head, “I’m fine, I…” I hesitate for a second, biting my lip, “I liked it.”
###Chapter 0192
Chapter 0192
My mate, bless him, blushes just a little but then clears his throat, I think wondering where to begin. 
I raise my hands to his cheeks, cupping his face between my palms. “Jackson, are you all right? I – I’m so, so sorry.” 
“I’m okay,” he says, nodding, his voice choked. “I’m sorry I stormed out of here – I was…really freaked out.” 
“Are you still freaked out?” I whisper. 
“Oh, for sure,” he says, his eyes widening as he lifts them to mine. And I can’t help it, I burst into laughter. He takes a second and then he laughs too, but his arms wind around me, holding me tighter and I think…well, I think everything’s going to be okay. “Ari, this is absolutely insane – I mean…I was…” he scowls, hanging his head for a second, “I was completely convinced you were a boy.” 
He lifts his head and narrows his eyes at me for a second, sniffing the air, as if he still kind of suspects that I am. 
I burst out laughing, giving him another shove. “I’m a girl, I promise, see?” And then I raise my hands to my head, making quick work of my braid, letting my hair fall down around my shoulders. 
Jackson groans again, taking a second to dip his head close to my hair, taking a deep breath of my scent before he slowly raises his eyes to meet mine again, though his are half-lidded now. “Boys can have long hair too,” he murmurs, sounding a little drunk. 
“Do you require further proof, sir?” I ask, sitting up straight, half scandalized and half…well. Tempted.
“No,” he murmurs, ducking his head against me again and pulling me back against his chest, making me smile ridiculously with joy. “No, just…stay here, please. Right here. Don’t ever leave.” 
“Have to leave at some point,” I murmur, running my fingers through his dark hair, which is silkier than I thought it would be. “Kind of…a big day tomorrow.” 
“I know,” he groans. He lifts his head again, blinking at me, lifting a hand to tuck my hair behind my ear. “Stupid sun. Now would be a great time to blow it up or melt it, you know,” he says, making me laugh again. “Make sure tomorrow never comes and we can just…stay right here.” 
“Really?” I whisper, still smiling at him. “You want to spend the rest of our lives sitting in the dirt under this rocky overhang?” 
“Yes,” he replies, instant, leaning forward to brush his nose against my cheek, dragging it back towards my ear and then down my neck. “Right here, for the rest of time. That would be…perfect.” 
And I bite my lip at the sweetness of him, but even as I do I realize that he’s…he’s kind of right. Right here it is just us in our own little world. But tomorrow, if and when we do get back? There is… a whole lot of truth waiting. 
And, for me…another mate. 
Another mate who is not going to be pleased when I show up on the mountain top smelling all over of Jackson McClintock. 
But still, as I wrap my arms tighter around Jackson’s neck, I realize that in this moment? I…just can’t bring myself to care. 
My mate, I think sensing my joy and my anxiety at once, lifts his head from its place tucked against my neck to look at me. Slowly, a smile takes over his lips.
“What is it?” I whisper, grinning at him, unable to help it. 
Jackson just shakes his head at me, marveling. “I just can’t believe you’re real,” he whispers, and my heart breaks and heals and breaks again, all in an instant. “I’ve been…thinking about you my whole life.” 
“Me too, Jacks,” I whisper, pressing my hand warm to his cheek, my stomach filled with butterflies – because, honestly, it’s not a lie. “I’ve been waiting for you too.” 
He kisses me then – slow, and rich, and deep. 
And if that were my magical gift, to blow up the sun and prevent tomorrow coming, or stopping time right now and live in this moment forever? 
Honestly, I’d probably do it. 
Because this – and Jacks… 
It’s just…perfect.
###Chapter 0193
Chapter 0193
But of course, time does pass, and we do eventually stop kissing when things again get heated. Because what Jackson said before really was the truth – this is not the time or the place for it. 
Somehow we separate ourselves from each other, though we’re never really more than an inch apart, and we take a moment to get comfortable, organizing our supplies and taking inventory before Jackson passes an apple to me. 
“Here,” he murmurs. “Eat, please. And then you should probably get some sleep.” 
I take the apple but laugh at the suggestion that I’m going to get any sleep. I mean, I just confessed my deepest secret to my mate – what, does he think I’m going to just curl up and take a nap? 
“I’m serious,” he growls, though I wave a hand at him, dismissing the implied danger in his voice that probably makes other men quail. We’re both well aware that he’d never hurt me. “You should rest, Ari.” 
“Well, so should you!” I protest. But when I look up into his smirking face I scowl, shaking my head. “You seriously just don’t need it?” 
“Nah,” he says, shaking his head and reaching for the canteen. “The water I need, we have to share that. But food and sleep – that’s all for you. I’ll keep watch.” 
“I’ll rest,” I say, hesitant. “But Jackson…there’s still a lot we need to talk about. And I’m not going to be able to sleep until we…come to terms with some stuff.” 
“Okay,” he murmurs, wrapping an arm around me and pulling me tight to his side. I smile up at him, pleased that he’s not fighting me on it, but then I realize that he’s…well, he’s got a ton of questions, doesn’t he? 
But before he gets to those…I have to start.
“Jackson,” I murmur, turning more fully to him now and taking his face seriously in my hands, gazing at him. “I am so…so sorry that I’ve had to keep this from you.” 
“It’s okay,” he says, instantly willing to forgive, his broad hand coming up and wrapping around my wrist like he wants to be touching me all the time. 
A little smile takes my lips as I shake my head back and forth. “You shouldn’t forgive me so easily, Jacks. You were tortured by this – I know you were.” 
“Well, yeah,” he says, the corner of his mouth turning up in a smirk. “But now that it all makes sense – why I could catch whiffs of my mate’s sense all over the castle, why her trail always seemed to lead to you. I mean. I get it now.” He frowns a little, lowering his head to my neck and taking another long sniff. “Is that…Jesse? Has he been scent marking you?” 
Quickly I nod. “My cousin,” I whisper, seeing the possessive question already in his eyes. Slowly he nods, believing me. “Again, Jacks, I hope you can forgive me for it, over time. It wasn’t easy but…I didn’t have a lot of choice, not if I wanted to stay in the Academy.” 
“No, it’s okay,” he says, giving an easy shrug, already over it. “I don’t care. I didn’t mind waiting, Ari – I just wanted to know that you were safe.” 
“You should care,” I say, smiling at him but still feeling a little guilty. Luca’s response in some ways made more sense – he punished me, a little, and rightfully so. I lied to him for weeks. But Jacks – he’s so instantly ready to move on. 
“Nah,” Jackson replies, wrapping me up closer in his arms, pulling me cozily into his lap again and against his chest as he presses a kiss to my hair. “It’s all worth it. I don’t want to make myself feel mad just because I should. I have you now, don’t I? It’s all that matters.”
###Chapter 0194
Chapter 0194
I find myself feeling quite touched, and a little overwhelmed, as I lean against his chest, tucking my head for a second beneath his chin, cozy and warm despite the chill in the night air. Because… maybe he should be mad. There is…there is more coming, after all, that he’s not going to be pleased about – it’s actually not so simple as him having me now. 
And if he just forgives me at every turn, even though none of it is my choice either, even if the Goddess herself gave us this path… 
Well, who is going to watch out for Jackson’s heart, in the trials to come? 
We are, my wolf growls, fierce. 
And I set myself to the task, immediately agreeing. Jackson – he’s big, and he’s powerful, but he’s quite tender, beneath it all, isn’t he? And… 
As sad as it sounds, Jackson is a bit more desperate for love and affection than I’d like him to be. He’s willing to wipe away all the offenses against him, just to have me in his arms. 
God, he’s too good, to pure and sweet. I press my eyes shut, begging the Goddess for strength so that I can be as good to him as he deserves. 
“What?” Jackson murmurs, nudging me with his nose, and I realize that I’ve gone quite still and rigid in his arms. 
“Nothing,” I murmur, lifting my face to look into his. “Just…thinking about a thousand things.” 
“Well, don’t worry about them,” he says with a little frown, like it’s so easy to just not. I grin at him, laughing a little. “We’ll figure it all out. It will all turn right.”
I smile at him, unable to stop myself as I reach up to stroke his hair, tucking it back behind his ear over and over again. “Jacks,” I murmur, as he looks down at me with such tenderness in his face, his expression. A tenderness that is…not totally unfamiliar, if I’m being honest – because he has looked at me that way before, even if he thought I was a boy. “Did you really not know?” 
His face bursts into a grin and I can feel him laughing all around me – in his chest, in the way his arms shake. My smile widens and I find that I quite like being all wrapped up in him. “Ari, I definitely did not know. It was the shock of my life when you pulled your shirt up and I saw you had a girl body under your uniform.” 
“Really, though?” I ask, laughing outright now, shaking my head a little in disbelief. “Like, no hints before? No inklings – nothing about my face, or my mannerisms? I was just…all boy to you?” 
“Ari,” Jackson sighs, shaking his head, growing a little more serious even as he smiles. “I have… absolutely no context for any of that. I don’t know any girls – everyone I’ve met is a guy. So, if there are social cues that I’m supposed to pick up on to be able to tell that you’re a girl? I just don’t know them.” 
I tilt my head, considering him, remembering what Ben said about me reminding him of his sisters. “Ben says I laugh like a girl,” I blurt out, saying the words as I think them. 
Jackson grins. “I like your laugh,” he murmurs. “So, if that’s how girls laugh, then…I guess I like that.” 
“Were you attracted to me?” I hear myself ask, curiosity getting the better of my mouth. 
Jackson’s smile grows. “No,” he murmurs, shaking his head. 
I squeak a little, sitting up straight, indignant. 
“I mean, I am now!” he says, laughing as he works to correct himself.
“What, just because I show you my stomach and you realize I’m a girl suddenly you think I’m pretty!?”
###Chapter 0195
Chapter 0195
“Well, kind of!” he replies, laughing louder now, freer. “I mean, I just didn’t let my mind go there before. You were just…another guy. A little shrimpy one who I liked hanging out with, and who I worried about sometimes. But…I didn’t think of you that way.” 
I narrow my eyes at him, leaning a little closer, inspecting his face for lies. “That’s not how attraction works, Jackson. You can’t just decide to turn it on and off.” 
He stares at me stoically for a long moment before his mouth twitches in the start of a smile. 
I gasp, pointing at his face. “You totally were!” I whisper, thrilled. “You were into the Shrimp! You had a crush on me!” 
He laughs, snatching my finger out of the air and wrapping his hand around mine even as he leans closer. “Fine, I thought…I thought you had a nice smile, okay?” 
I grin, leaning into him, making him say more. 
He groans, sighing and rolling his eyes. “And nice skin and…and pretty eyes. But! I thought you were my mate’s twin, okay? That was my best guess. So, I was just imagining what she looked like, which was probably a lot like…you?” His face twists up now, getting all muddled in the truth. 
I laugh with him, leaning back against him, pleased. “Well, I’m glad you didn’t find me totally repulsive.” 
“Not totally,” he murmurs, lightly tracing his fingers down my arm and then around my back, settling me cozily against him again. “What about you?” he asks, his voice a little wicked. 
“Oh,” I sigh, leaning my head against him. “It was terrible.” 
“What?!” He’s laughing now.
“Rafe had to drag me back to the room all the time,” I say, looking up at him, a little embarrassed. “Told me I wasn’t allowed to moon after you in the hallways –“ 
“What!?” Jackson repeats himself, I think shocked, but laughs harder. 
“It was very embarrassing, Jacks! My stupid wolf always telling me to do ridiculous things, like just leap on you in the hallway when we’d see you between classes, or steal your shirt and hide it under my pillow, god –“ 
He’s shaking with his laughter now and I can’t help it, I join in with him, delighted as I look up into his face to see him looking so… 
Well, so happy. My serious mate, who sometimes looks like he’s never had a happy day in his life, laughing like that. God, but it does wonders for my heart. 
When his laughter fades his turns his head back down to me, his eyes shining. “Well, I’m glad I didn’t disappoint. That your wolf,” he presses a finger against my chest, where I suppose he imagines she lives, “likes me, at least.” 
She preens inside of me, happy to be addressed and acknowledged directly. “Oh, she’s a big fan,” I sigh, looking down at his finger and smiling. But then I turn my face back up to his, returning to the question at hand. “Jacks,” I say quietly, and he turns his face to mine, more serious now but nodding to invite the question he can hear in my voice. “Why…why were you so shocked to find out I was a girl? Why don’t you know any of the cues?” 
Jackson releases a long sigh and drops his eyes from mine. 
My heart drops along with his gaze, and I worry that I’ve said too much, or the wrong thing – 
“No,” he murmurs, reaching out and taking my hand, wrapping it in his. “It’s fine – I want to tell you. It’s just…I have been taught, all my life, to keep it a secret. So, it takes a little bit of…unlearning, you
know? To muster up the courage and tell you everything.” 
I bite my lip, worried for different reasons now, and press myself against him, hoping to communicate my support, my genuine interest, my faith. He raises his face to mine with a small smile, and I give him mine in return. 
“Honestly, Ari, it’s probably better that I didn’t know you were a girl when we first met, really,” he murmurs, smirking a little, “or else I’d never have been able to talk to you. Not at all.”
###Chapter 0196
Chapter 0196
I work hard to fight my grin, wanting to be serious, but his own smile brings mine forward. “I know,” I whisper, nodding, “I saw you with Daphne.” 
“Oh my god,” he mutters, taking a deep breath before slowly releasing it. “I thought my heart was going to pound through my chest when she came in.” 
“Why!?” I ask, laughing. “Daphne is really nice –“ 
“Because she’s a girl – it’s like meeting…I don’t know, a gigantic whale, or a unicorn or something. Even if you know it’s nice you still don’t know what to do – what it’s going to do –“ 
“We’re unicorns to you?” I squeak, pleased to death. 
He laughs, shaking his head. “Almost nearly as mythical,” he murmurs. “To me, at least.” 
I narrow my eyes a little, suddenly struck by something. “That was one hell of a kiss, Jackson,” I say, tilting my head and wrapping a hand in the fabric of his shirt, possessive, “if it was your first one.” 
His mouth twists a little and he looks away for a second. “Well, no,” he murmurs and I gasp a little at the drama of it all. “I knew…I knew one girl. For a little bit.” 
My eyes go wide and a thousand questions are instantly on my lips, but they all fall away when he turns back to me. 
“Please,” he murmurs, shaking his head, his eyes a little sad. “I…I will tell you about her, okay? Just…not right now. Not when I’ve just found you, and…there’s so much else to explain first.” 
I nod, agreeing to it, though my hands tighten their grip on his shirt. I find that I do not like, at all, the idea of this singular other girl. It is somehow, bizarrely, worse than Luca’s fifty anonymous women.
So, I let him move on from it, because I’m…honestly not sure I want to know. At least, as he says, not right now. 
“The world I grew up in,” Jackson begins, his voice soft and hesitating, “well, we called it the Community. It’s way, way up North, in the mountains. It’s really pretty there, honestly, Ari. Like… much prettier than here.” 
I smile a little, cozying up against him, settling in to listen and pleased that he grew up somewhere beautiful. But I don’t say anything, wanting him to talk. 
“But, um…” he hesitates again, “we do things…really differently. Like, for instance, I grew up with boys. And only boys. The girls were…kept elsewhere.” 
“Kept?” I murmur, confused. 
“Yeah,” he replies, and I can feel him nod. “We grew up in barracks – which is why, I think, it was easy for me to fall into life here, I’m kind of used to it. Except you all talk a lot – like constantly, Ari, everyone is always chatting – most of the time about nothing –“ 
“Jackson,” I murmur, lifting my head to look into his face, frowning, “what do you mean grew up? Like, from how young?” 
He pauses his harangue against chattiness and goes a little still before he shrugs. “Since I can remember. That was my home.” 
I frown, not understanding, and then I remember suddenly something that he said last night… 
God, was that just last night, when Daphne came over and Jackson mentioned that he… 
“Jackson,” I murmur, shaking my head, “where were your parents? Were they there too?”
“No,” he replies, his eyes suddenly wary as he confesses what, I think, is part of the great secret of his life. “I don’t…I don’t have parents. Or, I mean, obviously biologically I do, but…I was raised apart from them. We all were. If I ever met them,” he shrugs, “I didn’t know who they were. And they probably wouldn’t have known I was theirs.” 
My mouth falls open in shock and horror as I stare at my mate. 
Because what…what the hell!?
###Chapter 0197
Chapter 0197
Jackson works hard for a smile when he sees my reaction to my story, though he kind of fails at it. “I take it,” he murmurs, “that you have parents? And you like them?” 
“Well, yeah, Jacks!” I reply, staring wide-eyed into his face. “They’re kind of great!” 
Jackson laughs a little, tightening his arms around me. “Well, if you don’t know that parents are a thing, you don’t really notice them missing, do you?” 
I tilt my head, considering this, as Jackson goes on with his story, telling me about being a little boy growing up in a Community and sleeping in what was essentially a bunkhouse full of little boys just like him. The youngest babies, he knew, were raised in a nursery, and every year a new batch of boys was brought to the bunk house when they were very young. 
And from that young age, they were trained to fight. 
“Just every morning,” Jackson murmurs, his face distant as he remembers, “we’d troop out of the bunkhouse and get to work – running, learning to fight, sparring with each other.” He shrugs. “It wasn’t so bad. As we got older, the guys who weren’t as good at it – they stopped coming to practice and I’d see them out in the fields and stuff, or training for a new job. But, I mean, I was… good at it. So. I just kept going.” 
“You could see them?” I ask, trying to picture this world. “But not…talk to them?” 
“The bunk house was for men and boys in warrior training,” Jackson explains, turning his face back to me. “If you were sorted out of that, you…moved to another bunk house, I guess. I could see our little community – the main part of it, with the council house, and the mess hall. And the women’s barracks, too.”
My eyebrows raise at this but I press my lips together, wanting him to tell the story any way he wants to. He notices, though, and smiles. 
“Yeah, the women lived all together too. And we could see them, from where we lived on top of the hill.” 
“But weren’t you curious?” I breathe, fascinated. 
“Of course we were,” he laughs, smiling at me. “Especially as we grew older and…noticed them more. In a different way. But you have to understand – it was forbidden. We were taught our roles very, very well, and we were never, ever supposed to talk to anyone in town, especially the women.” 
I shake my head, baffled by it, and especially by the fact that these kinds of attitudes towards gendered difference and communal living exist within my own nation. It sounds, like anything, more Atalaxian than native to Moon Valley. 
But, honestly, who the hell am I to judge? Just because Jackson grew up differently than me…does that honestly make it worse? 
“Were you happy there, Jackson?” I ask, my voice worried. Because while I desperately want him to have been…I just don’t see how a little boy could be, growing up in a world with that much restriction. 
He takes a long moment before he answers. “No,” he whispers, shaking his shaggy head, and I raise my hands to his face, stroking his cheeks with my thumbs and murmuring soft nothings. “But you have to understand…I didn’t know anything else. I didn’t even know I was unhappy for…for a long time. I thought that was just…life. I thought everyone lived like that, and that everything was hard, and…a little sad.” 
“Did you have any friends?”
“Of course I had friends,” he replies, smiling at me. “They still live there – Cristof and Zachary. I spent pretty much every day of my life with them until I left. They were…well, they were the best part.” 
“Why did you leave?” I ask, fascinated. Honestly, I could listen to Jackson talk for days about this world – and he probably has enough information to fill those days. 
“Because I was assigned to,” he answers instantly, perfectly honest. “I was sent…um…” he hesitates now, glancing away, and I can see that he’s suddenly measuring his loyalty to the Community against his new loyalty to me, his mate.
###Chapter 0198
Chapter 0198
I wait, trying to be patient, letting him decide what to tell. 
“I was…sent to learn things,” he murmurs, hanging his head a little. “New fighting techniques, new technologies. And then, when I’ve decided that I learned enough, I’m supposed to…desert. To go back and teach the Community what I learned.” 
I tense in his arms, my hands again taking fistfuls of his shirt, suddenly terrified by the idea that he’s going to leave and go back to that…that place. 
But Jackson just laughs and shakes his head. “Don’t worry,” he murmurs, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to first one of my cheeks, and then the other. “I already decided that I’m not going back.” 
“Oh,” I say, surprised, even as the tension lessens in my shocked muscles. “Why not?” 
“Because,” he murmurs, “I learned…enough, in the few months that I lived in Capital, to understand that what they’re doing is…well, I mean, it’s a cult, right? They control people, give them no choice in their lives. They…take their children away.” 
He sighs, shaking his head, and I press myself closer against him, wanting to fix it all – heal it all, instantly. 
“I mean, I don’t know…anything about having a family,” he murmurs, raising his eyes to mine. “But I do know that if I had found you, somehow, when I lived there? They…they wouldn’t have let me keep you – wouldn’t even have let me see you. And there’s something wrong about that, Ari – wrong about all of it. It’s not right – I can’t go back. I can never go back.” 
My eyes fill with tears as I study his face, as I see that his own heart is broken with the realization. And I’m overwhelmed, suddenly, with the strength it must have taken to come to that decision –
To decide to leave, forever, the world in which you were raised? Everyone you’ve ever loved, no matter how badly they’ve treated you? 
God, my mate, he’s…he’s so much stronger than me. So much stronger than I’ll ever be. 
“You can have a home here now, Jacks,” I say, speaking fast and earnest, pressing a desperate hand to his cheek. “We’ll be really nice to you – everyone will! And you can have my mom – she’ll take care of you, she loves being a mom –“ 
Jackson just laughs, his eyes crinkling as he turns his head to the side and presses a kiss to my palm. “You’re my home now, mate,” he murmurs, the words simple and true. 
And I can’t help it. I sit up, and wind my arms around his neck, and hold my mate tight to me as he wraps his arms around my back, pressing me to his chest like he’ll never let me go. 
“Damn right I’m your home,” I growl, possessive, ready to rip into anyone who’d try to say otherwise. He laughs, I think pleased by the ferocity of his little mate. I pull away then, looking into his eyes, willing him to see it and believe it. “You stay with me now, yeah?” 
“Nowhere else I’d rather be,” he replies, the corners of his mouth turning up as he raises a hand, stroking it down the length of my hair, letting his fingers get tangled in the rose-gold lengths of it. 
And I can’t help it, then. Even though we’re supposed to be talking, even though there’s so much more I want to know, I kiss Jackson, wanting him to feel the promise in my words as well as hear it. Because he’s mine now, and I’m not letting him go, not for anything. 
And as my mate kisses me back, I feel it happen – feel our perfect silver bond snap into place between us. 
I can feel it, in my soul, shining just as pretty and bright as my other bond, that points…oddly in the other direction.
Towards Luca, wherever he is, out there in the night. 
While I’m wrapped up here, in Jackson’s arms.
###Chapter 0199
Chapter 0199
I worry about myself, a little, just passively, as Jackson kisses me. Because something about the way that his mouth moves against mine makes me…just…really, really stupid. 
Honestly, all logic is gone from my head – all thoughts, all sense, all practicality. 
It’s almost like all of my wolf’s crazy impulses – which I usually think are so ridiculous - come to the forefront, and they all make a great deal of sense. Because the only thing I want to do right now is strip off my clothing, and climb on top of him, and let him do whatever the hell he wants to my body – just take…complete control. 
I am all instinct and impulse now as I lose myself in Jackson, as he bends me backwards, slightly, in his arms, levering his body over mine even as he holds me tight, dominating me and demonstrating in the same moment how incredibly precious I am to him. 
His hand moves slowly down my side as his tongue dips into my mouth, and my hips rise up against him, seeking friction, wanting to be touched as his hand moves lower to take a firm grip on my ass. I moan, deep and shuddering, as Jackson presses me tighter against him and then lets his hand dip further in, his fingers just barely tracing the hot core of me through the fabric of my cadet uniform. 
My head falls back on my neck at this touch, a panting gasp escaping my lips. 
“Fuck, Ari,” Jackson growls, tucking his face against my neck and then pressing his cheek to my chest. But he moves his hand away, back to my ass and then slipping down my thigh to tuck safely behind my knee. 
I lift my head, confused, foggy. I frown to see Jackson’s frustrated expression, his clenched teeth. 
Slowly he shakes his head at me as I blink at him, coming back to myself.
And then I laugh, covering my face with my hands, groaning a little as I do – because I can sense his emotions now, sense just how much he wants to continue precisely what we were doing just a few seconds ago. 
But…he’s right. We can’t do any of that right now. Nothing has changed. 
And we have…we have got to find some semblance of self-control and resist getting lost in each other. This is the Examination, after all. 
“You should sleep,” he murmurs, working to clear his throat. 
I laugh at the idea, rolling my eyes even as I sit up in his lap and tuck my hair back from my face, pretending to ignore the hard, thick length of him that’s now pressed against my ass. I do my very, very best to resist the urge to press myself more firmly against that length. 
And I…fail. Just a little bit. 
Jackson groans, suddenly grabbing me beneath the arms and lifting me bodily out of his lap, placing me gently beside him as if I’m as light as a kitten. I burst out laughing as he leans away from me. 
“I cannot be the only responsible party here, Ari,” Jackson growls, glaring at me even as I can see the joy on his face, the temptation in his eyes. “You have got to help me out here.” 
“But I don’t want to,” I murmur, leaning closer to him again, reaching to wrap my hand around the back of his neck, wanting his mouth back on mine – 
But Jackson just laughs, deep and rueful, pulling away and then getting to his feet, shaking himself from head to toe like the wolf he is. “I am…going to take a very small walk,” he murmurs, turning away from me. “And when I come back, we are going to behave ourselves, yes?”
I grumble, discontent, even though I know he’s right. And then Jackson does precisely as he says – walking a little distance away into the woods with his hands on his hips. I smirk, my hearing straining a little to hear him giving himself a little pep talk about self-control, and then I lean over in our little space, reaching for an apple as my stomach growls. 
How can you think about eating, my wolf murmurs, sprawled out in my soul in a satisfied daze. We have to strategize – think about how to get him naked. Do you think, if we accidentally spilled the water all over him, that he… 
But I smirk, shaking my head, knowing that I’m not going to ruin our only water source in what will be a vain attempt to get my mate naked. I bite into the apple with grim satisfaction, staring into the dark after him, wanting him back right now. 
He takes his time, though – time that we both probably need. And as my body unwinds a little bit – god, I hadn’t realize how tense he’d made me – I wonder at myself. 
I mean, sexually, I have been so shy with Luca – I’ve made him wait months to barely do more than kiss me in the dream state. 
And then here, after thirty minutes with Jackson, I’m ready to just…throw down in the dirt? Let him have all of me, just after a couple of kisses?
###Chapter 0200
Chapter 0200
A couple of really good kisses, my wolf counters, her eyes half shut and her tongue lolling from her mouth. I swat her little rump, correcting her, because Luca is one hell of a kisser too. 
So…what is different? 
Has Luca just done all the hard work and Jackson’s here to reap the benefits? A little guilt twists in me at the idea. 
Or, my wolf suggests, lifting her head a little, curious, maybe you just have…a more sexual connection with this mate. They don’t have to be the same. Luca brings his own particular set of appealing characteristics to the table. 
But as I consider that…well, that doesn’t quite fit either, does it? Because it’s not like Jackson’s just some piece of meat with no personality, and it’s not like Luca doesn’t get me going. 
They’re just…different. 
I sigh, taking another bite of my apple, studying it, confused but…well, letting myself be confused, I guess. 
Nobody I know has ever done this whole two-mate thing before, at least not that I know of. This is new territory for everyone involved, and I suppose I’m bound to feel this way. 
Confusion wipes away, though, the moment Jackson walks quietly back onto our little plateau, apparently having gotten control of myself. 
Unfortunately, my confusion is replaced by an immediate and undeniable sense of lust. God, has he seen himself? Does he know how insanely hot he is when he just…walks? The way his shoulders shift, the grace with which he moves -
“Ari,” Jackson moans, stopping a few feet from me and dragging his hand down the length of his face. “You have…you have got to stop doing that.” 
I burst out laughing, suddenly terribly embarrassed, because I just sent every one of those emotions right down the bond, didn’t I? 
“Okay, okay,” I say, turning suddenly so that my back is to him now. “Here, this is better, I can’t see you anymore –“ 
He laughs, coming to sit next to me again. “We have to be able to look at each other –“ 
“No, we don’t!” I squeak, turning away again as he tries to peer at my face, leaning my shoulders back against him and facing the stone wall at the back of the tiny plateau. “I’ll just…stare at these rocks. And pretend that you’re…very, very ugly.” 
“Well, don’t tell yourself lies, Ari,” Jackson murmurs, wrapping an arm around me and tilting me back so that when I open my eyes I can see his gorgeous face again, just…a little upside down now. “Honesty with one’s self is really important –“ 
I burst out laughing, shaking my head and turning back to him, letting him wrap an arm around me as I press my cheek to his chest. “You are very handsome,” I murmur, nuzzling a little and working hard to scold my wolf when she urges me to climb back into his lap. 
“I know,” he murmurs, kissing the top of my head. “You’re so lucky to be mated to such a looker, Ari, honestly –“ 
I squeak in protest, whipping my head up at his vanity, but he’s ready for me, cupping my cheek in his broad palm and pressing a sweet, chaste kiss to my mouth. 
“Not as lucky as me, though,” he murmurs, shaking his head. “You’re the most precious thing in the whole world. Do you know that?”
Everything in me just…melts at the insane sweetness of my big, scary Alpha mate. And I smile at him, a little dazed. 
“Now, will you please try to sleep?” he pleads, stroking my cheekbone with his thumb. 
“How can I sleep?” I ask, shaking my head at him, baffled at the thought, “when I just got you?” 
“I’ll just be really boring,” he murmurs with a shrug, making me grin. 
“Impossible,” I say, but I lower my head to his chest, wanting to please him and, honestly, feeling a little weak and tired after the insane day I’ve had, however short. 
“Oh, very possible,” he replies, his voice soft and easy as he strokes his hand over my hair again and again, comforting and steady. “If you want, I’ll recount the hundreds of ancient battles they made us memorize for warrior track – that should put you out –“ 
I groan, shuddering at the prospect, which makes him huff a little laugh. 
“Fine,” he sighs, continuing to pet me, his hand drifting over my shoulders, too, when it reaches the ends of my hair. “Let’s just sit here and…be quiet.” 
“You’ll wake me?” I whisper, feeling my eyes drift shut despite myself. “The moment the sun comes up?” 
“I will,” he promises. “The moment there’s light to see by, Ari, I’ll wake you. We have a lot to do tomorrow. We need an early start.” 
And so I shut my eyes, letting myself rest a little, trusting my mate to keep me warm and safe through the short hours left in the night.
###Chapter 0201
Chapter 0201
It takes me a long time to fall asleep, overwhelmed as I am by my new bond, the closeness of my mate, the secrets that we’ve passed between us that still ring through my mind. But as the minutes pass I feel my eyelids getting heavier and heavier, encouraged by the steady movement of Jackson’s hand over my hair. 
When I do finally fall asleep, my head pillowed against Jackson’s chest, it’s the deep, true sleep of one who feels both weary and completely safe. 
I sleep so deeply that when my eyelids flutter open in the morning, I have…no idea where I am. Even though I am…completely comfortable. 
I frown, not understanding, and curl into the warmth of what I assume is my mattress, though it’s a little…firmer than I remember? I’m not sure. 
There’s a light chuckle, though, that makes me look up, and my frown deepens as I stare into Jackson’s face before I realize that… 
“Oh!” I murmur, sitting up a little. He smiles at me, his hand pressing into my back, encouraging me to lean my head back down against his chest. 
“It’s okay,” he murmurs, “take a second to wake up. There’s time.” 
I lay my head back down against him, blushing a little as I realize that what I assumed was my mattress is just his body – that I’m curled up in his lap, kind of sprawled over his torso, my face tucked against his pectoral – 
God, is he really that big, that I can basically use his body as a bed? 
Or am I just that small?
I peer up at him again, more awake now, taking a deep breath and raising a hand to rub at my eye. 
Slowly, a smile overtakes his mouth. 
“What?” I mutter, shaking my head a little to clear it, a smile pulling at my lips as well because… well, because he’s just staring at me. And it’s…kind of nice. 
“You’re just so pretty,” he whispers, his voice a little awed as he traces his knuckles down the soft skin of my cheek. 
I can’t help it then – I burst into a brilliant smile. 
Because my mate thinks I’m pretty. 
His own smile widens, matching mine, and I squeak with happiness, reaching up and winding my arms around Jackson’s neck, pulling him close and pressing probably a dozen kisses to his cheek and neck. “Morning,” I murmur, after the fourth or fifth. 
He doesn’t respond, just puts a hand beneath my chin after a moment and tilts my face up to his, bringing his mouth to mine and kissing me like he’s been waiting for hours to do it, like he can’t wait for it anymore. 
And, obviously, I kiss him right back. 
But we’re both more contained, now, in the light of the morning than we were last night. There was something freeing about the darkness – about knowing that as long as it persisted, there was nothing we could do except explore each other. 
Now that there’s light by which we can see? 
We’re both aware that it’s time to move.
“Um, so,” I say after Jackson breaks our kiss. I stay close, speaking softly as I run a hand through his messy hair, tucking it back behind his ear, “I lied to you yesterday. I can shift.” 
“Really,” he says, his eyebrows going up, and I can tell that he’s pleased. “Little rose-colored wolf, by any chance?” 
“How did you know that?” I ask, my eyes going wide. 
“I think I met her,” he murmurs, his finger curling in a tendril of my hair, “a couple times. Dreaming.” 
I tilt my head for a second and then burst into a smile as the truth hits me. All those nights, running along the cliffs with another wolf at my side - 
Wasn’t just a dream, was it? 
But there’s no time to tend to that right now. “The only problem is,” I say, looking around the forest, “that my wolf is very obviously a girl wolf, and anyone who sees and smells me will figure it out.” 
“We’ll keep the plan the same, then,” Jackson says, starting to stand up and ridiculously bringing me with him, setting me on my feet only when he’s fully standing. “We’ll only shift if we run out of time, yeah?” 
“Do you think…” I bite my lip, looking up at him. “I mean, are we going to be too late?” 
“Nah,” Jackson says, turning to look north. “The only people who would have made it to the mountain and been able to climb it in the night would have been…well, the best of Warrior Track. So, maybe Jesse and Rafe. But still, I think there’s plenty of reason to assume that there’s time left for us to make it.” 
“So,” I say, smiling up at him and crossing my arms, “what you’re saying is…if I hadn’t been weighting you down, you’d already be across the finish line?”
###Chapter 0202
Chapter 0202
Jackson grins at me, not denying it, but scooping me up in his arms instead and turning me in a slow circle as he presses one last kiss to my mouth. “You can slow me down anytime you want, tiny.” 
I bite my lip, grinning at him, and I nudge my nose with his before I kick and wriggle, begging to be put down. Jackson laughs, but he puts me back on his feet and we begin to assess our plan and our few possessions. We quickly share the water, though I insist Jackson drink the majority of it – I got some liquids out of the fruit, after all – and then I lift my crossbow, twisting my lips at it. 
“Do you think I need this?” I ask quietly. “If we’re going to rush, and climb…” 
“Leave it,” he says, shrugging and making a snap decision as he likewise tosses his backpack into the brush. “We need to move fast now – any extra weight is a detriment. Besides,” he bends over, scooping my discarded hat out of the dust where we left it last night and holding it out to me, “I’m your weapon now.” 
I snatch my hat from him, unable to keep the smile from my lips as I wind the majority of my hair onto my head and plop the hat over top of it. Because I quite like the idea of Jackson as my weapon. 
Jackson smirks, helping me tuck the last strands of my hair beneath the brim. “Where on earth did my mate go? Now there’s only her boyish twin, Ari Clark, marksman and chemical mastermind…” 
“Don’t forget powerful sorcerer,” I say, lofty, as we both turn away from the plateau, and start out in the blue light of the morning. 
“Oh, how could I forget,” he murmurs behind me, “melter of very tiny pieces of glass…such raw power…”
I laugh, shooting a little glare over my shoulder, but I focus on my steps on the narrow path ahead of me, which is barely a path and more of a lucky outcropping of rock. I marvel again at Jackson’s sense of balance, as well as the fact that he found this in the dark. 
When we get to the bottom of the cliff face, a little forest stretches out in front of us, beyond which I know is the bridge surrounded by cadets. I wonder, passively, whether those guarding it have crossed already? Or they’re still biding their time, hoping to take out more of their “enemies” before they shift and make their run for the mountain? 
“I’m going to go check,” Jackson says, looking forward through the woods. “You…wait here.” 
“Okay,” I say, turning towards the forest. 
“Here,” Jackson says, frowning and grabbing my arm. “Wait here, Ari.” 
“Um, I don’t know if not going to the bathroom is part of your supernatural prowess, McClintock?” I say, looking a little awkwardly up at my mate. “But it is…not part of mine.” 
He stares at me for a second before laughing, shaking his head. Then he stills, looking around into the forest around us, clearly casting out his hearing to see if anyone is close by. “Yeah, okay. Whatever. Just…don’t go far, and return right here, yeah?” 
I nod, ready to obey, trusting his senses more than my own. 
He stoops closer, pressing a kiss to my mouth, and then as silently as a forest animal himself Jackson moves through the trees, heading for the edge of the forest so he can better see the bridge. 
I wait until I can’t see him anymore before I move a few trees away, ducking behind a particularly big one and relieving myself in a hurry, silently cursing men – or maybe just men’s fashion – for making this so much easier for men to do than women. But I finish up pretty quickly, quietly
mourning the lack of toilet paper, before refastening my pants and heading back to the little spot where Jackson left me. 
I grin as I see a black-clad form coming through the trees. 
“That was fast,” I say quietly, smiling, my head dipping so that I don’t trip over any roots. 
“Oh, did you miss me?” 
I freeze and my head flies up as I recognize that voice. 
A dark, sour voice – and certainly not my mate’s. 
My eyes focus instantly on Alan Wrights, on the ugly sneer on his face. “Because I certainly didn’t miss you.” 
I stumble backwards, frantic, seeking a way out – 
But as he raises his hand, and I see my crossbow held steady there. 
And I know that…this is the end. 
I open my mouth and scream even before Wright’s finger tightens on the trigger - 
Even before the bolt flies from the crossbow, lodging itself deep in my thigh.
###Chapter 0203
Chapter 0203
My scream only intensifies, combining with my moan of pain as I grab my leg and fall to the forest floor. I’m panting with agony as I lay in the dirt and the leaves, my eyes pressed shut for a moment before I glance down at my leg, my hands quickly coating in my own blood as they go directly to the wound – 
Trying to do something, to end the pain, to apply pressure, something – 
But there’s nothing – god, I think the bolt hit bone, I think it cracked it – 
I’m still moaning horribly when a shadow falls over me, and I look frantically up to see Wright standing above me, drawing back the crossbow’s string, that ugly sneer still on his face, though mixed with victory now. 
“You deserve this,” he snarls, glaring down at me. “Every inch of pain – laying in the dirt, finally recognizing your failure – you’re nothing but a dirty cheat –“ 
“Please,” I beg, gasping for breath as he loads another bolt and raises the crossbow towards me. “Please, don’t –“ 
“Save it,” he snaps, pointing the crossbow directly at me, and then without another word he pulls the trigger again, sending a bolt directly into my gut. 
The pain is…blinding this time. 
I scream again, but I must pass out from it – 
Honestly, did I die? I might have died, a little bit – 
But when I open my eyes again, the forest is fuzzy above me, and there’s a dark form looming over me, shouting my name.
I flinch away, screaming again, and a hand goes fast over my mouth before a hand slips under my head, cradling it. 
“Who did this to you!?” 
I blink, trying to clear my head as I recognize Jackson’s voice, but then I moan and let my head fall back – because the clearer my mind gets, the more I feel the pain. 
“Ari!” Jackson shouts, and suddenly he’s on the ground next to me, pulling me into his lap. “Ari, who did this!?” 
I almost scream again as the movement jostles my stomach, and my hand moves to the bolt of wood that’s protruding from my gut, that aches with every movement. 
“I’m sorry,” Jackson murmurs, and I blink again, trying to focus, trying to look up into his face. His voice – it’s so tight, so full of pain. Did he – did he get shot too? But as my eyes focus on his face I see that his pain is all desperate agony for me. “Ari,” he murmurs, his hand shaking as he cups my cheek. “Who did it?” 
“Wright,” I murmur, shaking my head. 
Jackson growls, his head snapping up, sniffing the air – like he’d go after him right now, like he’ll tear him to shreds. 
“Jacks!” I gasp, shaking my head, my hands fisted in his shirt. Because – I mean, if Wright’s not here anymore, then what’s the point? 
I don’t need – 
God, my head spins, the pain making everything dizzy –
But I do know that I don’t need revenge right now. If by some miracle I’m going to survive, I need a healer. 
“Please,” I beg, shaking my head up at him. “Please, we have to get…out…” 
Jackson nods, his whole body trembling as he quickly assesses the situation, as he looks at the blood pouring from my leg and my stomach, as he glances over his left shoulder towards where the bridge likely is. 
“I’m going to get you out of this, Ari,” he whispers, his voice thick with his vow. “Okay? Just…you just hold on, yeah?” 
I nod, fervent, either believing him or…or not wanting him to believe that I’m going to die – 
Even as I feel my consciousness fading – 
“Ari!” Jackson snaps, and I blink, looking back up into his face as I realize that I almost passed out again. “Hey!” 
“Hey,” I reply, frowning a little, not understanding. 
Then, to my surprise, Jackson rips open the top button of my shirt and presses his hand flat to my chest. Then, he pushes. 
Not – not with his body, not with his hand. But with his…his magic. 
I feel it, quite suddenly, filling me – a great deal of energy, and strength, and a glowing, rich sort of power. I gasp, my eyes flying open, and then I bat his hand away – suddenly feeling replete – like I can’t take anymore.
It doesn’t do anything for the pain, but it sure as hell wakes me up. I stare up at him, confused, not getting it. 
“How’s your healing?” he asks, his voice sharper than it was before. “Your…your wolf healing. It’s good, yeah?” 
“Um,” I say, glancing down at myself, knowing that even though wolf healing is fast it’s not fast enough for this. “It’s…it’s good.”
###Chapter 0204
Chapter 0204
“I’ll keep you going,” Jackson says, nodding sharply to me. “I’ll give you my magic, Ari – as much of it as you can hold. I think – I think with the connection between our magic, it will help speed your own magic, the healing included. And hopefully it will be enough to…” 
He hesitates, not wanting to say it. 
But I know precisely what he means. Enough to keep me alive. 
And then, again to my shock, Jackson stands, pulling me up with him in his arms. I moan again, almost a scream, as he does. But he continues, staring down at me as I pant through the pain, eventually opening my eyes to look up into him. “I’m getting you out, okay?” he whispers, his whole heart in his eyes. 
And I can feel everything down the bond – all his worry, all his grief that he just found me, that he could lose me so soon. But, above all, his sheer determination to make me live – even if it means killing himself in the process. 
“Yeah,” I reply, pathetically simple, nodding to him, letting him feel my faith. 
Because, despite the odds, I believe him. 
Jackson nods once, sharply, and then turns in the forest, striding off through the trees. He doesn’t bother, anymore, to be quiet, instead stomping and moving swiftly, letting everyone hear him come. 
And even as my mind passes from state to state, concentrating on the pain and then concentrating on the world, I see that this, actually, was precisely his plan. 
By the time we get to the bridge, every single one of the cadets who was waiting there has turned to us, their eyes wide. I look around at all of them through half-lidded eyes, my arms curled around Jackson’s neck – when did I do that? – as he holds me high against his chest.
By their shock and their awe, I can tell that the two of us make rather an impressive sight – or, at least, a terrible one. 
The gigantic Alpha, the strongest Cadet in the Academy, especially enraged like this, covered in blood, his tiny charge curled in his arms. 
“We’re crossing this bridge,” Jackson growls, his voice loud enough that he’s shouting even though his words hum with anger. As I glance up I can see Jackson’s canines sharpening to points, can feel his fingers lengthening to claws as he looks around at every single man standing there. “Does anyone want to stop me!?” 
Jackson roars his final words, glaring around at every single cadet, a challenge in every line of him. 
And, wisely, every single one of the cadets slowly backs away from the bridge. Because though in any normal moment an Alpha carried a wounded wolf would be a tempting target… 
Jackson McClintock in a killing rage, the lifeblood of his mate dripping on the forest floor? 
I mean, even if they don’t know I’m his mate… 
Nobody’s fucking with us right now. 
Jackson releases a final growl, glaring around. “Any of you who give any aid to Alan Wright,” he snarls, “even a kind word or a glance…you will answer to me, on the other side.” 
Nobody says anything, but they’d be fools not to take him seriously. 
And with that, Jackson strides across the bridge, not even looking back to see if anyone takes a shot from behind. 
Because none of them – none are that stupid.
I whimper, slightly, when I feel Jackson’s footsteps transition from wood to dirt and grass. Because now that that is finished…the hard part, it’s coming now, isn’t it? 
And the pain – 
God, fuck, I’d do anything to end it, the way it radiates through me… 
“Hold on,” Jackson murmurs, his voice breaking as he slips a hand beneath my still-loose shirt, apparently needing the skin-to-skin contact to pass his magic to me. It comes in a flood and my head tilts back – because while it does nothing to stop the pain I…I do feel stronger, after the infusion. 
My eyes flutter open again as I look up into his face, and from the fear I see there I know I must be ghostly pale, looking as on the edge of death as I currently feel. 
“You hold on, okay?” he whispers, lifting me higher as he strides away from the bridge and towards the foot of the mountain before us. He presses a series of quick kisses to my face. “You’ll hold on?” 
“I will,” I whisper, nodding to him, trying to steel myself for what’s to come, even though I know it’s impossible. 
“Okay,” he whispers, and then as my eyes shut I feel Jackson take a deep, deep breath. 
And then, he starts to run.
###Chapter 0205
Chapter 0205
Time moves strangely after that, at once standing completely still in my agony and, somehow, passing so fast that I barely understand it when the sun reaches its zenith, and then passes beyond it, and then starts to sink towards the horizon. 
How…how have hours past? 
God, how have I survived them? 
Though it all, Jackson and my pain have kept a steady pace. I do my best to curl myself against him, to make myself small and inconsequential, to not be a bother to this man who is running miles and miles across the countryside with me balanced in his arms. 
The pain is…god, it drives me a little insane, I think, gnawing at my stomach and my leg. I can feel the blood dripping from me, at once agonizing and, somehow, a balm against the raw flesh of my wounds. I think I pass out…a lot, but regular infusions of Jackson’s magic keeps bringing me back, filling me with energy, making my eyes flutter open. 
Always, always he’s glancing down into my face, checking to make sure that I’m okay – 
But, I mean, we’re both aware that I’m not okay. 
But, somehow, I am alive. 
And, somehow, he…keeps running. 
I’m vaguely aware, as the hours pass, that this part of the Examination was meant to be done in wolf form – that he should have shifted by now and crossed this field at his top speed as his gigantic wolf. But even in his human body, carrying me? Frankly, Jackson’s faster than most cadet’s wolves. Only a few of them pass us, sending us side-long glances and not bothering to interrupt, knowing that Jackson would end them if they did.
Jackson’s breath only starts to flag when I feel his pace change. I lift my head, curious despite my haze of pain, wondering desperately if we’re at the end – 
If there will be a healer, here – 
Surely there has to be – surely the Academy has medical staff waiting, knowing as they do that this is a violent Examination in which they’ve encouraged us to maim each other, to get to the end. 
I scowl a little, my mind wandering strangely as I make a mental note to have a deep conversation with my father and my uncle about this particular aspect of Academy life. 
Because, quite frankly, I’m not sure I agree with these methods. 
But…will I ever live to see them again, to have that conversation? 
Suddenly terrified, I sob, my hand clenching in Jackson’s shirt as I turn my face into him. I don’t have any tears, though – all my liquids are probably depleted, after all, from all the blood dropping from me… 
“It’s all right,” Jackson murmurs, pulling me closer against his chest. “We’re almost there.” 
I pause, looking up at him, a little baffled. “Really?” I whisper, and I’m startled by the cracked sound of my own voice, the way my eyes struggle to focus on his beautiful face. 
“Well,” he grimaces, glancing upwards. “Well, no.” 
I groan, putting my head back against his chest. Not that it’s his fault – I just…god, I want it to end. All of it, the pain, the movement – 
I just want to sleep, curl up somewhere soft and comfortable.
“Come on,” he says, shaking me a little, making me look back up at him, his voice cracking in a way that breaks my heart. “Don’t give up on me now, Ari!” 
I lift my head, forcing my eyes to focus, forcing my head to nod. But it’s all – it’s all really hard, maybe too much. “Jacks,” I moan, shaking my head. 
“Don’t you do it,” he growls, his arms tightening around me. “I did not drag you for miles across that field for you to give up now, Ari –“ 
I laugh – a sad, croaked sound, half baffled and half tickled that he’s mad at me. But something about it brings me back to myself, a little bit more. “Okay,” I whisper, nodding my head seriously now. “I won’t give up.” 
“Good,” he mutters, a little mad, again pressing his hand to my back and giving me more of his power, his energy, his magic. I feel the difference instantly, the boost, but all it does is allow me to focus more on his grimace. “I need to…to change positions, Ari,” he murmurs. “I’m going to need both of my hands.” 
“What?” I ask, confused. 
“Just…don’t hate me, okay?” He stares into my face and I nod, promising it. 
But I instantly regret that promise when he lifts me, bodily, and slings me over his shoulder. The moan that rips from me instantly turns into a yell, if not a guttural scream. Jackson murmurs over and over again that he’s sorry, but then he moves forward, even as I cry ceaselessly into his back. 
My body is twisted over his shoulder, somehow, so that the weight of me isn’t on the wound. Instead, that faces inward, bumping awkwardly against Jackson’s head and sometimes his cheek as he begins to climb. Most of the time he keeps one arm wrapped tightly around the back of my thighs, and my legs go blissfully numb, meaning I can’t feel the arrow in my thigh anymore.
###Chapter 0206
Chapter 0206
Frankly, most of the time I can’t feel anything, because I start to pass out as Jackson moves, somehow miraculously balancing me the whole time. The only times I come to are when Jackson passes more magic, his palm pressed against my back or my side. These come more and more frequently as he feels me fade, as he feels me start to drift away from him. 
When my eyes do open, the world is increasingly black, and at first I think it’s because…because I’m dying. But then I realize that it’s just nighttime. 
Jackson starts to talk to me then, keeping up a steady string of words, most of them curses and narration of what he’s doing, every step he’s taking, how close we are to the end. But some of them, blissfully, are the sweetest things I’ve ever heard. 
I just catch snatches of Jackson’s words, really – of him telling me of how long he thought about me, about what I’d look like. His surprise that I’m a blonde. How much he wants to tell me, and parts of the world he wants to show me. 
If I had tears, they’d drip down my face, but I don’t. So instead I just hang limply over my mate’s shoulder, mourning the loss of this incredible bond when I just got hold of it, even as I determine to stay as long as I can – even as I will myself to live, even for his sake, if not my own. 
Because Jackson – he deserves a break in life, doesn’t he? 
And I laugh, a little, at the irony of that thought – that Jackson needs a break, even when I’m the one dying over his shoulder, being hauled up a mountain. But Jackson laughs too, hearing or feeling my sentiments, and then he passes me more magic, and I clench my fist, determined to live. 
I focus on my breathing, when I’m awake – focus on dragging in the next breath as Jackson pulls me higher, and higher.
Until, suddenly, I hear him groan, and then feel him stumble, and then suddenly stand and pause on his two feet. 
“We did it, Ari,” he murmurs, panting. He passes me more magic and my eyes flutter, confused. I turn my head, tying to comprehend the weird upside-down world. 
“What?” I murmur, still hanging, my fingers now as numb as my legs. Somewhere below my cap fell off, and my hair is streaming down around me. There are people all over, cadets and professors that I recognize – and…other stuff? I try to peer through the curtain of my hair, try to understand but… 
Well. It’s kind of useless, so I just sigh and give up. “Okay,” I mutter, giving a little shrug. “Put me down, Jacks.” 
But he doesn’t listen to me, instead striding forward, shouting at the top of his lungs that we need a fucking medic, right the fuck now. 
Suddenly I jump a little, going rigid, because – 
Was…was that my name? 
There’s a rush of noise and then a smell hits my nose – a familiar scent I’ve smelled, I think, every day of my life, and I immediately start crying as I hear my name again, and this time I recognize the voice. 
“Rafe,” I moan, reaching for him, even though I can’t see. 
“She needs a medic!” Jackson snaps, turning sharply away from my brother. 
“I’m right here!” There’s another familiar scent and I start to cry in earnest this time, trying to push away from Jackson, desperate to get to it – to that familiar scent of lilies, and rose, and fresh water, and rain.
Jackson snarls, stepping back, even as I try to turn to push myself up. 
“I’m a healer,” the woman’s voice says, gentle and stern. “Please, please – I can help, okay!?” 
“Let her go, Jacks,” Rafe says, his voice even and persuasive. “Please – you’ve done everything you can, just…give her to me.” 
Jackson hesitates for a second before I feel myself moving, and I groan in agony as my mate tips me off his shoulder, and catches me in his arms and then…then passes me to my brother. 
“Hey, trouble,” Rafe murmurs, smirking down at me – I think for my sake, because I can see the worry in every line of his face, even if he’s pretending he doesn’t feel it. 
“What!?” the woman breathes, and then she steps forward, reaching for me as she gasps, and I turn my face to look up into what could be a mirror image. A thrill of deep love passes through me even despite the pain. 
“Hey, mom,” I murmur, trying to smile, reaching for her with a bloody hand – 
But before I can brush her cheek, as I so desperately want to…I pass out.
###Chapter 0207
Chapter 0207
Jackson stares down at the tiny woman who is…god, she could be his mate’s identical twin, couldn’t she? Except, a little older… 
“Rafe Henry Sinclair,” the woman hisses, moving closer to the Prince, glaring daggers into his face. “What the fuck are you two playing at!?” 
“I’ll explain everything, mom,” Rafe growls softly through his teeth, turning away with Ari in his arms. “But right now, you need to heal her!” 
Jackson stares, confused at Rafe, because… 
Well, why is he calling this woman mom? 
Didn’t Ari just… 
And then, as the woman shoves Rafe hard on the shoulder and they start to stride towards a door built into the edge of the cliffside, everything suddenly comes together. 
That woman – he’s seen her before, of course – seen her picture a thousand times in print and on television. Ella Sinclair – the Queen of the nation, Rafe’s mother. 
And mother of three more children, including the eldest Princess, Ariel – 
Ari – 
Jackson groans, tilting his head back and covering his face in his hands, cursing himself for being such an idiot – 
God, how could he have not put that together last night!? It’s not like she was even being sneaky about it! A girl named Ari, living with her “cousins,” Rafe and Jesse Sinclair!? Who the hell did he
think she was!? 
“Are you coming?” 
Jackson drops his hands from his face to look towards the door, where the Queen has stopped for a moment to glare at him while she holds it open, inviting him to follow where the crown Prince has carried his damn sister. 
Jackson nods once and strides towards the door, obeying his summons – not because a Queen has given them, but because his mate is inside now. And he’s not leaving her alone for one damn second. 
No, he didn’t come this far to let someone else take control now. No, Ari – Ariel – she’s his. His to carry, his to protect, and he’s not leaving her side again before he knows she’s okay. Maybe not even then – not for a long time. 
Jackson steps quickly through the door and follows the Queen down a short hall to a simple room. The Queen shuts the door behind him as Jackson turns to watch Rafe lays a bloody, unconscious Ariel onto a crisp white hospital bed. God, she looks so tiny, so delicate… 
“Hey!” the Queen shouts, snapping her fingers up in Jackson’s face to draw his attention to her. “I don’t know who you are, but you need to fill me in on precisely what happened to my daughter!” She glares at him like it’s his fault. 
Jackson stands awkwardly by the door, staring at the Queen, not knowing what to say. 
“Go easy on him, mom,” Rafe snaps, standing up straight as the Queen rolls her eyes and moves to sit on the edge of the bed, taking Ariel’s hand. “He’s Ariel’s mate, he didn’t do this – he probably saved her –“
The Queen’s eyes go wide as she stares at Rafe and then turns that shocked gaze back on Jackson, who just stands by the door, trembling a little. 
“Well, come on, then,” the Queen sighs, waving him over as she leans over Ariel and starts to look over the wounds. To Jackson’s shock, the Queen rather callously grasps the end of a crossbow bolt and just yanks it out. 
Jackson gapes because – I mean, aren’t you supposed to not pull the bolt out? What kind of doctor is she – 
“Relax,” Rafe murmurs, glancing at him. “Mom’s got…I mean, it’s her magic, all right? She’s going to heal her. Ariel’s going to be fine.” 
The Queen sends another glance Jackson’s way before she starts to snap out questions about what happened, and when, and how long Ariel’s been semi-conscious. Jackson answers them all as fast as he can before the Queen takes a deep breath, settling herself on the side of the bed and taking both of Ariel’s hands in hers. 
Then, to Jackson’s shock, the queen just exhales slowly and closes her eyes, looking of all bizarre things like she’s just…meditating. 
Rafe exhales a long breath of relief and Jackson turns to him, gesturing towards the Queen, silently asking if they’re all crazy. 
Rafe just stares at Jackson and then laughs a little, nodding to the side, silently asking him to take a step away. Jackson hesitates but then follows, glancing towards the door, wondering if he should run and get a real doctor or something – 
“Look, Ari’s going to be fine, okay?” Rafe whispers, glancing back towards his mom and his sister, “Mom’s…very powerful. So just calm down, yeah?”
Jackson just stares at the Prince’s face, wondering how the hell he’s supposed to do that.
###Chapter 0208
Chapter 0208
Rafe just smirks, his smile a little unsteady, but he takes a deep breath and shakes his head, probably forcing himself to calm down too. “Thank you,” Rafe says, crossing his arms and looking back towards his sister, laying so pale on the bed. “For taking care of her. It…it kills me that I wasn’t there.” 
“Of course,” Jackson says, instant, still staring at the Prince like he’s crazy for thinking that he wouldn’t take care of her. 
Rafe looks back at Jackson and flinches a little at the intensity on the other man’s face. And then he laughs, just lightly. “I guess you two…figured some things out in the woods?” 
Jackson blinks for a second and then realizes that…well, that Rafe Sinclair knows, doesn’t he? But of course he does – he just told the Queen that Jackson’s Ariel’s mate. “Yeah,” Jackson says after a minute, running a hand through his hair and looking over at Ariel again, not wanting to take his eyes away for a single second. To his shock, color has already started to come back to her cheeks. 
Is it…is it seriously possible? That… 
“Jacks,” Rafe murmurs, and Jackson almost jumps out of his skin when the Prince puts a hand on his shoulder. But Rafe, to his credit, doesn’t pull it away. Jackson turns to him now, starting to tremble all over like a frightened animal. “Look,” Rafe says, keeping his voice low and calm, “if mom gets to them while they’re breathing…I mean, I’ve never not seen her bring someone back, okay?” 
The two stare at each other for a long moment, Jackson…not knowing how to understand it, or how to believe it. 
“Ariel’s going to be fine,” Rafe insists, his voice still soft, his brows knitting together in concern. But Jackson flinches when he realizes suddenly that Rafe’s concern is…is not for Ariel anymore. It’s for him. “You got her here in time, Jacks. You did it. She’s going to be okay.”
Jackson continues to stare at Rafe for a long, long moment before he gasps in a long breath, suddenly flooded with hope he hadn’t realized he’d lost. 
Because he’d repeated to himself over and over again that she was going to make it – 
That she’d survive, that he’d make her survive, damn it, if he had to pour his own blood into her veins – 
But deep down, after she’d stopped moving? After he could feel her pulse slowing, after she started taking the magic in lesser and lesser quantities? 
God, he’d really thought he’d lost her – 
And then Jackson, even though he hasn’t done it since he was a very small child, didn’t know he even could anymore – he bursts into tears. Big, wracking sobs, the kind that shake his shoulders and make him gasp for air. Half mortified, half lost in grief and worry, he tucks his face against his palms. 
Rafe’s face falls, but suddenly he’s there, wrapping an arm around Jackson’s shoulders before tugging him close. Jackson, not knowing what impulse tells him to do it because he’s never hugged another man in his life, wraps his own arms around Rafe’s back and clings to him, burying his face against Rafe’s shoulder, emptying his tears. 
“It’s all right,” Rafe murmurs softly, patting Jackson’s muscled back with his own broad hand. “It’s okay, let it out. She’s going to be fine. She’s going to be fine.” 
Rafe murmurs it over and over until Jackson cries himself out, until the big Alpha raises his head and wipes an exhausted hand over his bloody cheek. 
Rafe helps Jackson steady himself, find his feet, and then looks him up and down. “You need a shower,” he murmurs, and Jackson pauses before he laughs, just a little, glancing again towards
the bed where Ariel… 
God, she looks like she’s sleeping now, even though the Queen still holds her hands, still has her eyes closed, a faint lavender light shining around both of them. 
“Yeah,” Jackson murmurs, even though a shower is the furthest thing from his mind in this moment. “I guess…I guess I do.” 
“Welcome to the family, man,” Rafe murmurs, clapping a hand on Jackson’s shoulder and leaning against him just a little bit. “Welcome to non-stop drama, probably for the rest of your life.” 
Jackson just groans lightly at the thought, and crosses his arms, and stands steadily – even if he needs to sniff a few times and wipe again at the final tears on his cheeks. 
Then, quite patiently, he stands still and waits for his mate to wake up.
###Chapter 0209
Chapter 0209
When my eyes flutter open, I stretch myself a little, feeling bright and refreshed. 
“All better, baby?” I hear my mom murmur and I go still for a moment before I focus on her face leaning over me. 
A smile breaks out on my lips, because it’s my mom – my mom, the best mom in the whole world, who I love so much, who I’ve been dying to see for weeks – 
But then I gasp, and sight up straight, with my entire reality flashing back to me in a moment – why I haven’t seen my mom for months, the Academy, the Examination – 
“Slowly now, slowly,” mom murmurs, putting her hands on my shoulders and pushing me gently back towards my pillows. “You’re fixed, baby, but you’re still dehydrated and exhausted. Go easy.” 
But I resist, not wanting to lay down – only wanting my mom, to be in her arms. “Mama,” I cry, tears springing to my eyes, and she relents, wrapping her arms around me and gathering me to her. She holds me close, shushing me quietly and rocking me back and forth like she has a thousand times, telling me how much she loves me and how precious I am to her. And those words – god, they heal me more than any magic she has. 
I mean, that’s an overstatement. But it certainly feels like it. 
“Thanks, mom,” I say, my words hitching a little in my voice. “Thank you so much. I was so scared.” 
“You were scared,” she says, pulling back a little and looking at me with wide eyes, “Ari, you just laid there – I was the one who was scared. I’m going to kill you for this!” 
I can’t help it – I burst out laughing, a rough and shaky sound as I lift my hands and brush my tears from my cheeks. “What a waste of magic, mom,” I murmur, shaking my head, “if you heal me just to kill me.”
My mom just moans then, shaking her head at me and gathering me into her arms again. I cringe, hating that I made her so upset, but there’s a bright side in that too, right? Because if she’s mad at me, that means I’m okay. If I was dying, mom would go much easier on me. 
“I’m sorry, mom,” I whisper. “I’ll tell you everything – I promise.” 
“Damn right you will,” she murmurs back, tightening her arms. “What were you and your brother thinking taking you off to that dangerous school – you’re so little, Ariel! Why did you think you could –“ 
“Um,” 
I start a little at the manly voice that sounds somewhere to my left, sitting up straight and looking around. And my eyes go wide when I see Rafe and Jackson just…standing there, staring at us. 
How – how long have they been there? 
“Yeah,” Rafe says, glancing anxiously at Jackson, “I think…I think you need to let this one see that you’re okay? Or else he might have a stroke.” 
Another little sob breaks from my throat as I open my arms to my mate, calling to him in my mind, and instantly he’s across the floor – so fast I didn’t even see him move – gathering me into his arms and taking shaky breaths as he runs a hand over my hair, and takes a deep sniff of my scent. As Rafe comes to stand closer by the bed, Jackson does his best to look me over all while keeping me as close as he can, which kind of defeats the point. 
“You’re – you’re seriously okay?” he asks, his voice trembling. “How…” 
“I’m fine,” I say, nodding my head eagerly to him, “mom patched me up, Jacks, it’s okay –“
He screws up his face in confusion, glancing between me and mom, not getting it. “So, you’re like… you are going into surgery soon? She stopped the bleeding? What about the infection – you need –“ 
“No,” I murmur, taking his face between my palms and shaking my head, making him listen to me. “Jacks, I’m healed – that’s her gift. It’s pretty incredible.” When he still stares at me, not getting it, I grin and lean back a little in his arms, pulling up my shirt so he can see my stomach, which looks exactly as it did before Wright plunged a crossbow bolt through it – smooth skin, no scar, no wound. Nothing. 
“See?” I say as his eyes go wide. “Like it never happened.” 
“What…” he breathes, sitting up straight, his arms loosening around me in a way I can’t stand. “How…” 
“Well,” mom says dryly, “I think that’s enough bared flesh for one evening. ” She swats gently at my hand and makes me drop my shirt. I laugh, grinning at her, and then glance at my mate, feeling suddenly awkward to be in his arms like this. I mean, he’s here…did they like…meet?
###Chapter 0210
Chapter 0210
Does she know who he is to me? 
And, oh my god, has Luca shown up? Did he even finish the Examination? Does he even know that I’m here, that I was hurt? I glance anxiously towards the door. 
“All right, young man,” my mom says, sterner than she usually is, leaning forward to deliver a little rap to Jackson’s arm. “You’ve verified that she’s alive and well – now hands off my daughter at least until we’ve been properly introduced.” 
Jackson blushes terribly and goes rigid before letting me go, sitting up straight. I grin at him because, I mean, I know that mom is teasing him – but knowing how Jackson is around women? 
And especially a Queen? 
Oh, my poor baby mate. 
“Well?” mom says, sitting up imperiously and holding out a hand to him, palm down with her fingers delicately pressed together. “Will you not kiss my hand and perform the proper obeisances to your Queen, Cadet?” 
Jackson just stares at her hand, wide-eyed, having absolutely no idea what to do and in a complete panic about it. I let it all happen for about two seconds, glancing between them and taking in Jackson’s slack jaw, the twitch at the edges of my mom’s lips, before I burst out laughing and smack her hand away. 
“Mom, leave him alone!” I order, and she grins, dropping her hand. “You’re scaring the crap out of him.” 
Rafe laughs too, enjoying the scene as I murmur to Jackson that she’s just teasing him – that there are no Queenly obeisances due.
“Yeah well,” my mom says, crossing her arms and sighing with pleasure as she looks over me and then Rafe, her first two babies who she loves so, so much. “Your boy here scared the crap out of me, so I thought I’d return the favor.” 
“He’s delicate mom,” I murmur, pressing myself warm against Jackson’s side, sensing that he needs it. “He’s –“ 
“Delicate!?” Rafe questions, his voice full of doubt, but I ignore him, continuing on. 
“He’s not used to women’s tricks and pranks. And he’s had a hard night, dragging my bleeding butt all over the countryside. Be nice.” 
My mom just sighs, still grinning, as she smiles warmly at Jackson. “I owe you a life debt, boy, for bringing my daughter back to me. I’ll never be able to repay it.” 
She leans forward, offering her hand in a normal way. Jackson, sensing that it’s real this time, reaches forward to take it, wrapping his large hand around her small one. 
“You’re my family now,” mom whispers, holding his blue gaze, her voice serious and sweet, “nothing will ever change that. Yes?” 
My heart swells as I look up at Jackson, because even though mom has no real way of knowing it, I think she’s given Jackson the thing he’s always needed and never knew to want – a family, a mother to care for him. And I know her – I know that she means every word of it. That beyond being my mate – what Jackson did for me today? He’ll always, always have a place in her heart. 
“Thank you,” Jackson says, his voice quiet and very reverent. And I grin when I realize that Jackson, like the rest of us, has been caught up in mom’s spell. 
How couldn’t he be, though? Mom is the best.
“All right,” Rafe says, his voice dry and a little bored, “this is a lot of love, but you two are both covered in blood and you smell terrible –“ 
“We do not,” I protest, turning my face up to stare at him. 
“Well, he does,” Rafe says, pointing at Jacks in a way that makes me squeak in ion. But my brother just grins at me, a little wicked. “Listen, you just got carried across the countryside, you didn’t have to break a sweat –“ 
I protest with a louder squeak this time, ing to the idea that any of that was easy for me. 
“But he,” Rafe continues, pointing at my mate with more vehemence, “did all the work. So would you please unwind yourself from him for half an hour so he can get cleaned up? Because dad’s here, and he’s going to want to meet him, and your mate is gross –“ 
“Dad’s here?” I ask my eyes going wide.
###Chapter 0211
Chapter 0211
“Yup, dad’s somewhere – I’m shocked he hasn’t come running yet,” mom says, dropping Jackson’s hand and fluttering her hand at him. “Rafe’s right – shower for you, and then Ariel is next. Because if your dad meets your mate covered in your blood and your scent – he’s going to flip.” 
Jackson, as freaked out as he should be, presses a quick kiss to my head and then stands up. “I’ll be right back,” he says to me, looking down at me with worry. And I grin at him, touched a little – but what does he think, that I’m worried he’s going to run away or something? 
“I know,” I murmur, reaching for his hand giving it a little squeeze. “Don’t worry. I’ll be okay.” 
Jackson hesitates, I think fighting the instincts that tell him to stay absolutely by my side at all times, but then he sighs when Rafe wraps a hand around his arm and starts to pull him away. 
Mom and I both watch as the two head for the second door in the chamber, which I guess leads somewhere else – communal bathrooms? Who knows. 
And then, when my mate and my brother disappear and the door swings shut behind them, my mom turns to me with a grin. 
“Well,” she murmurs, her eyes flicking over me impishly, “you’ve been busy, haven’t you, daughter?” 
And I just moan and put my head in my hands, sinking back against the pillows. 
Mom just laughs, shoving me gently aside and coming to snuggle up against the pillows next to me. “Oh, don’t pretend that you’re all tired now –“ 
“I am tired!” 
“Not too tired to gossipthe women in this family are never too tired to gossip. Come on, baby! I want to hear everything! I’m dying over here – we haven’t had any news of you in months –“
“Okay, okay,” I grumble, secretly pleased as my mom wraps an arm around me and pulls me close. Because she is right – I am dying to talk to her, and the ladies in this family – we really can talk. And so I launch into my story, laying my heart out plain for her. 
I start at the beginning, at the wedding, and I apologize profusely for bailing on it without even saying goodbye – but my mom is all warm support, saying that she understands, and considering the horrible things those men said when they found out I’d fled… 
“Well,” she says, tossing back her hair and lifting her chin, “they’re just lucky I let them walk away with their skins intact.” 
“You are a lady, after all, mom,” I say, nodding sagely. 
“And a queen,” she adds, mimicking my tone and making us both laugh. But then she squeezes me, urging me on. 
So I tell her all about just wanting to be with Jesse and Rafe, my best friends, at first, but then as time passed how much I really, really wanted to be at the school. How much my heart, genuinely, sang when I was admitted as a cadet, how much I love my classes, the excitement I feel whenever I think about becoming a spy and helping our nation. 
“I really want to do it, mom,” I murmur. “It’s…it’s more than just escaping from the wedding now. This feels like my life, like what I was…meant to do.” 
“And it doesn’t hurt,” she says, her voice sarcastic, “that your super hot mate just happens to live down the hall.” 
I squawk in surprise, sitting up straight and staring at her. “Did you just call my mate hot!?” 
Mom bursts out laughing, shaking her head. “I mean, he is, Ariel –“
“That’s so gross!” I gasp, swatting her arm. “You’re my mother –“ 
“Your mother who has eyes,” she continues, laughing hysterically, “besides, I mean, it’s not as if the two of us don’t have a similar type.” 
“WHAT!?” I shout, appalled. 
“Oh come, on, Ariel,” mom says, rolling her eyes as she tries to get the words out around her vivid laughter. “Are you seriously trying to tell me that you haven’t noticed the similarities between your mate and your dad? I mean, talk about daddy issues –“
###Chapter 0212
Chapter 0212
I yelp in protest then, grabbing my pillow and starting to thwap her with it, yelling disconnected words about how I didn’t even pick him, the Goddess did, and actually Jackson and dad are nothing alike, just because they’re both big – 
But mom just laughs hysterically and eventually I join her, dropping my pillow and curling up at her side, covering my blushing cheeks with my hands and shaking my head at the heat against my palms. 
“It’s okay, baby,” mom murmurs, dropping a kiss to my forehead as she shakes with giggles. “Your dad is hot too. Trust me, I get the appeal.” 
“I don’t ever want to talk about this ever again,” I murmur, my words muffled in my humiliation. 
“Too bad,” she sighs. “Cora’s going to come in here in a few minutes and say the exact same thing –“ 
“Cora’s here?” I gasp, sitting up eagerly and looking towards the door like she’s going to come through it at any minute. 
“We’re all here, baby,” mom says, sitting up with me. “You think Cora and I are going to let your father and your uncle put on this ridiculously dangerous Examination without us at the end to patch everyone up? We come every year –“ 
“You do?” I ask, my eyes going wide. 
“Yes! You didn’t notice that every year around this time we take a little vacation –“ 
“What a crap vacation,” I say, shaking my head.
But before my mom can agree, the door to the room flies open again and my mate comes stumbling into the room, gasping in fear and surprise. 
But…not that mate. 
The other one. 
I’m caught between a gasp of relief and a moan of mortification – because my mom is going to be so confused by this. But I immediately open my arms for Luca, who comes crashing across the room to my side. I throw my arms around his neck as his slide immediately around my back, holding me close, shaking a little. 
“Are you all right?” he gasps, horrified, worried. 
“Are you!?” 
“Ariel,” he snaps, leaning back to glare at me a little, “you are not checking in on me when I just heard that you showed up at the finish line unconscious, bleeding everywhere, thrown over Jackson McClintock’s shoulder – of all people –“ 
“I’m fine,” I murmur, my eyes wide and sorry as I see the real fear in him. “Seriously, Luc, I’m fine – I’m all patched up – I’m…” 
And then my voice fades out as my mom clears her throat. 
“Um,” I say, awkwardly turning to her and glancing between her confused but entertained face and my mate’s still-terrified expression. “Mom? I’d like you to meet…Luca Grant. Luca, this is my mom – she…she healed me up. Magically.” 
I finish the sentence lamely, not knowing how to explain that. But Luca, to his credit, takes it in stride. He sits up straight in surprise but the immediately falls back on his manners, which are
impeccable when he wants them to be. 
“Your highness,” he says, immediately offering his hand, which my mother takes with a smile. “I am so sorry – you’ll have to forgive me, I was…I was very distracted. I care a great deal about your daughter and I didn’t – honestly, I didn’t even notice you sitting there.” 
“You’re forgiven,” my mom says, turning her head at him curiously as she squeezes his hand. “But, if you don’t mind me asking, my daughter told me that she kept her identity and her gender a secret during her time at the Academy. How is it that you know?” 
“Because,” Luca says, his eyes wide with his innocence. “She’s my mate.” 
My mom’s eyes go wide with surprise and then scandalized delight. 
“Well,” she says, turning her cat-like grin on me as I cover my face with my hands. “You really have been busy, Ariel. Very busy indeed.”
###Chapter 0213
Chapter 0213
Mom and Luca exchange pleasantries while I work very hard to pull myself together, wondering how the hell I’m supposed to manage all of this chaos, when Jesse – of all wonderful people – comes to my rescue. 
He, too, skids through the door and is across the room in half a second, shoving Luca roughly aside and knocking him to the floor so he can wrap his arms around me, murmuring about how scared he was and how glad he is that I’m okay. 
I hug my cousin back, assuring him that I’m all right, and it’s only when Jesse offers a hand and an apology to Luca that I’m able to look at my mom again. She quickly raises a questioning eyebrow at me, asking silently if everything is out in the open, and I hurriedly shake my head, begging her with my expression to please, please not say anything. 
Slowly, she nods, a smile still playing at her lips as she turns her attention back to the boys, who are now standing at my bedside. 
“As much as it is a pleasure to meet you, Luca,” she says, her voice official now, “and I do very much want to talk to you more - Ariel still isn’t well.” 
Luca’s face pales at the news and he anxiously looks between me and my mom. 
“She’s fine,” Jesse explains, putting a hand on Luca’s shoulder. “Aunt Ella healed her up, Luc, don’t worry –“ 
“I healed her,” mom says, nodding to Jesse, “but she’s still exhausted and dehydrated. Jesse? Will you please go get your mom, and tell her to bring an IV? Ariel needs fluids.” 
Jesse nods and immediately moves to the door, but Luca hesitates, clearly wanting to stay. My mom simply quirks one queenly eyebrow at him, though – clearly requesting time alone with her daughter
– and I see Luca give in. 
“I’ll see you soon,” he says, kneeling down by the side of my bed and running a fond hand over my hair, my shoulder, and then down my arm. I can see him bodily fighting his instincts to stay by his mate’s side – but he also knows that I am clearly all right in my mother’s hands. 
“It will be okay, Luca,” I murmur, leaning impulsively forward. Luca puts a soft hand on my cheek and presses a brief, chaste kiss to my mouth – not really able to resist, but also not wanting to put on a display in front of my mom. 
I grin at him as he stands with a sigh and heads for the door. I’m still grinning, watching his form, as my mom clears her throat. 
“Don’t say anything,” I whisper, reaching out a hand for hers and squeezing it before the door snicks shut behind Luca’s retreating form. Then, once we’re alone, I turn to her, grimacing a little. 
“Soooo, Ariellll,” she says, leaning forward and grinning at me, her voice light and gossipy. “Why do both of those boys think that they’re your mate!?” 
“Because,” I say, my voice and my face completely serious. “They both are, mom.” 
Slowly the smile falls from her face. “Wait, what?” 
I nod slowly and then burst into an explanation – telling her about that first day, when both of their scents hit me, and then of figuring it all out as time passed. Mom’s eyes are wide and shocked by the time I’m halfway through the story and I can tell that she’s mesmerized and worried, all at once. 
I don’t even have time to get to the end – about how I just told Jackson last night, during the Examination – when the door opens and Aunt Cora comes in, wheeling an IV stand with her.
I give a little cry of joy when I see her – Cora, she’s my only aunt, but she’s my favorite anyway. She makes the same little noise as she slams the door shut and rushes to me, pushing the IV with her and abandoning it a bit when she sits on the bed next to me and wraps me up in a tight, tight hug. 
“You idiot,” she mutters into my hair, rocking me back and forth. “You followed your brother and your cousin, of all people!? To the Academy!?” 
“I like it there!” I protest, laughing a little and pushing her away a bit so that I can look into her face, smiling despite all the drama. “Besides,” I say, cocking my head to the side, “where did you guys think I was?” 
“In a convent,” Cora sighs, slumping back against the pillows with me and glancing at my mom. “At least, that’s what we hoped. Safe and sound, all walled up, practicing the art of making tapestries or something equally dull and harmless.” 
“Oh, well, it sounds like Ariel was doing the exact opposite, Cors,” my mom says, leaning forward with her chin on her palm and grinning at me. I scowl at her, thinking she’s enjoying this just a little too much. “Considering that she just told me that she met two mates at this little Academy.”
###Chapter 0214
Chapter 0214
Cora gasps, staring first at my mom and then at me. I blink, shocked at the…the delight in her eyes. “They’re both here!?” 
“What!?” my mom squeals, sitting up rigid and straight, just as I do. 
“Did you…did you know!?” I’m equally shocked. 
“Oh my god!” Cora shouts, laughing and covering her face with her hands for a second. “I’ve known since you were a baby! I saw it at your baptism – I’m so glad you both finally know so that I don’t have to keep it to myself anymore!” 
“Cora!” my mother shouts, half laughing half enraged as she leans forward to smack Cora on the arm, “how could you not tell me this!?” 
“You opted out of it!” Cora replies, laughing and pointing a finger at mom’s face. “I told you I would tell you, but we agreed that there are some things a mom shouldn’t know! Besides, you wouldn’t have been able to not tell Dominic and he would have locked Ariel up in a box the moment she hit puberty.” 
“I just thought you saw Ariel getting into a lot of romantic drama with her mate, I didn’t think –“ 
“Wait, you knew I had a mate!?” I gasp, turning to my mom now. “How could you not tell me!?” 
“Well, why would you want to know?” mom replies, spreading her hands innocently. “It’s important to go through life and take it as it comes, with no expectations –“ 
“Dad told Rafe he had one!” 
“He did?” mom gasps, turning to look at the door. “Oh, I’m going to kill him –“
“Okay okay,” Cora says, raising her voice above ours and spreading her hands out, silencing us. “Let’s…get organized here. Ella, I maintain that you did not want to know this, because it would have driven you absolutely insane.” 
“Probably true,” my mom concedes with a nod. 
“But Ariel,” she says, turning to me, her face breaking into a smile. “Come on, dish. Who are they!?” 
“Mom just met them –“ 
“Oh, which one do you like better?” Cora asks, eager, leaning forward. 
“That is so unfair!” I protest, gasping but…I look immediately to my mom, also kind of wanting to know. 
“One of them is Luca Grant,” my mom says, leaning forward eagerly, almost as if I’m not there. 
“Luca GRANT!?” Cora squeals, her hands going to her cheeks. “The boxer!? Oh my god, he’s so cute – I’ve had a crush on him for like, a year -“ 
“Ew EW!” I shout, hitting Cora now. “That is so gross – you’re both so gross –“ 
“I am not gross, Ariel,” Cora laughs, dodging my blows, “I am just a woman, and he is good looking. God, you’re so lucky –“ 
“I’m telling Uncle Roger you said that,” I reply, narrowing my eyes and crossing my arms. 
“Go ahead!” she says, waving a hand. “He’ll probably agree – Luca’s a hottie. But your dad,” she grimaces, “he’s not going to be happy about that one.” 
“Why not?” I ask, my eyes going wide.
“Because,” she says, grimacing a little and glancing at my mom, “he’s kind of a ladies’ man, right? Dates around? He’s dated like everyone – every little starlet.” 
I growl, hating the idea and crossing my arms. “Well, he’s not going to do that anymore.” 
“Oh yes,” Cora replies, laughing again, “convince him to be faithful to you while you’re out there, dating your other mate.” 
I groan, leaning against her, because I mean…she’s right, isn’t she? 
“You should see the other one,” my mom says, raising her eyebrows with a grin. “He looks just like her dad –“ 
“He doesn’t,” I moan, throwing my head back, a little whine in my voice. 
“You’re right, baby,” my mom says to me consolingly, but when I lift my head I catch her mouthing “He totally does” to Aunt Cora, who just laughs. 
“He doesn’t! They have totally different coloring! And their…face shapes…” I hesitate, trying to come up with other differences, but mom and Cora just grin at me. 
“Fine,” I groan, putting my face in my hands. “But their personalities are totally different –“ 
Mom leans forward, beginning to assure me that she’s sure that’s completely true, when Cora interrupts, her voice considering. 
“Actually,” she says, her expression a little far-off. “Your dad would probably be the right one to ask about this, Ari.” 
“What?” I ask, completely confused. “Cora, dad is the last person I want to talk to about this stuff – he’s gong to flip.”
“Well, that aside,” she responds with a shrug – like it’s an easy thing to handle the most powerful Alpha in the world when he’s flipping out – “he’s also the only person I’ve ever heard of who had two fated mates.” 
My jaw drops almost completely to the floor.
###Chapter 0215
Chapter 0215
“Wait, what?” I gasp, shocked. 
“Oh yeah,” my mom says, her own eyes going far-off as she apparently remembers this long-lost, incredibly important and interesting detail. “I forgot about that…” 
“You knew!?” I’m scandalized – mom and dad, they’re so perfect for each other. The idea of dad being mated to someone else... 
God, I can’t even imagine it. 
“Of course I knew, baby,” mom says, leaning closer and tucking a strand of my bloody hair behind my ear as Cora stands up and begins to fuss with the IV, apparently remembering suddenly that I’m coming off the edge of death and need some fluids. “Dad and I don’t keep secrets. Plus, I knew her.” 
“Real piece of work,” Cora murmurs, shaking her head as she reaches for my arm. 
“What!?” It’s all I can say in my shock as Cora hooks me up to the IV, helping me get on the mend in her own non-magical way. 
“It wasn’t at the same time, like you and your boys,” mom says, turning her head consideringly. “He rejected her and then was single for a long time before he met me. Which, I mean, thank god – I don’t think I’d have been able to handle that. I’d have been so jealous, and she’d probably have tried to kill me. I mean, more than she eventually did.” 
My face screws up in shock and confusion as I stare at my mother, but she just waves a hand, dismissing it. 
“Speaking of the jealousy,” Cora says, sitting down next to me and taking my wrist so she can check my pulse. “How are your boys handling it?”
“Um,” I say, looking between them. “They…aren’t. Because they don’t…know about each other.” 
Mom and Cora’s faces are twin pictures of shock and then delight before they burst into scandalized laughter. 
“You little minx,” mom says, leaning forward to prod me with the tips of her fingers. “How the hell did you manage that!?” 
“I didn’t manage it,” I murmur, not really liking the implication here that I’m doing it nefariously and for my own good. “It was…I didn’t want anyone to find out, at first, that I was a girl. And then I…it took a while to get to know them, and to decide I could trust them.” 
“Wise,” Cora says, nodding as she slips a stethoscope out of her pocket and slips it around her neck. “And Rafe and Jesse?” 
“Um,” I say, because…well, this one is a little more nefarious, I guess. “Rafe knows about Jackson. Jesse knows about Luca.” My mom and my aunt grin at me again, but I just shrug and sigh. 
“Well, how are you feeling about it, baby?” my mom asks, leaning forward and taking my hand. “It must be a lot, in addition to your studies.” 
“It is a lot,” I say, my shoulders slumping in relief to hear her voice it aloud, to have her understand. “It’s scary! And they’re both so great, but…” I bite my lip and shake my head, looking down at my lap, “it’s really confusing.” 
Mom begins to murmur comforting things about how of course it’s confusing – it’s bound to be – but suddenly the door flies open again. 
This time, broad shoulders fill the frame and I blink because… 
Well, for a second, as embarrassing as it is, I did think it was Jackson.
But my eyes fill with tears the moment that I realize that it’s my dad. 
“Dad!” I croak, suddenly completely overwhelmed with emotion as I try to pull myself up, to move to him, to get immediately to his side. 
Because I mean, I love my mom – endlessly, in every atom of me. But my dad… 
“Baby,” he groans, striding across the room and scooping me up off the bed even as I scramble for him. He groans again when he ducks his head and presses his cheek to mine, as I burst into tears and wrap my arms around his broad shoulders. 
My dad holds me tight for a long, long few moments, and Cora and my mom stay quiet, letting us have this time, understanding the bond between us. 
He takes a shuddering breath before raising his head, looking into my face. “Are you okay, sweetheart?” 
I nod, sniffing. “Just a little overwhelmed, pops,” I murmur, which earns me a smile. “Mom fixed me up good. I’m fine.” 
Dad growls deep in his throat as he lowers himself to the bed with me still in his arms, clearly not ready to let me go but ready to join the conversation. Cora, smiling, goes and closes the door before untangling the IV chord and laying it out neatly. Then she sits down on the edge of the bed opposite my mom. The poor overloaded bed gives a desperate little creak, but we all ignore it.
###Chapter 0216
Chapter 0216
“I’m going to kill your brother,” dad says, shaking his head as he looks me over, frowning at the blood all over me and narrowing his eyes as he gives me a suspicious sniff. But if he smells Jackson or Luca, he doesn’t say anything. 
“Go easy on Rafe, dad,” I murmur, raising a hand to run it fondly over his stubbled cheek. “It was all Jesse’s idea anyway.” 
Mom and Cora laugh at this but dad continues frowning, not ready to joke. “I could have lost you, Ariel,” he whispers, his voice tight. “Do you – do you know what that would have done to me?” 
“Don’t, dad,” I say, shaking my head, my lip trembling as tears start to threaten my eyes again. My dad – he’s so strong, so steady – seeing him emotional like this? God, I can’t handle it – not at all. “I’m perfectly fine – nothing happened –“ 
“But it could have happened,” he whispers, devastated even by the thought of it. “It almost did – Ariel, from what Jesse said, you almost died –“ 
The tears start to slip down my cheeks and my lips turn down in a desperate frown, because I hate that I did this to him – hate that he was this worried. 
“Easy, Dominic,” mom murmurs, reaching out a hand and placing it softly on dad’s knee. “Don’t make the girl feel guiltier than she already does. She’s had a rough day.” 
Dad glances at mom for a moment and then heaves a deep sigh, forcing himself, I think, to move on from it. 
“Well,” he says, giving me a steady nod as he takes a deep breath. “At least it’s all over, now.” 
I nod, agreeing, likewise grateful that the Examination is done but then I go rigid in my dad’s arms, looking up at him with suspicion. “Dad,” I say slowly, “what do you mean by that?”
“I mean that we can bring you home now,” he says, giving me a steady nod. “Where you’ll be safe and sound –“ 
“What!?” I gasp, staring up at his face. Instantly I drop my arms from around his shoulders. “You’re – you’re taking me home!?” 
“Well of course we’re taking you home, Ariel – the fuss with your ex-fiancé is all cleared up, you don’t have to be in hiding anymore –“ 
“No!” I protest, shaking my head vehemently and wiggling hard until dad lets me go, staring at me in shock. “Dad, I’m going back to the Academy! I mean, unless I didn’t pass the Examination? Were we too late!?” 
Dad just stares at me in shock and confusion as I turn to the door, suddenly desperate to know. “Did I slow Jackson down too much?” I ask, my voice getting squeaky in my panic. “Did they – did they say I failed because he carried me across the finish line? I don’t know the rules –“ 
“Jackson?” my dad asks, and then he leans towards me, sniffing suspiciously again. “Who the hell is Jackson? What happened, Ariel –“ 
“Was. I. Late?” I ask, my voice sharp as I turn to stare at my dad, my lips a thin line. 
“What?” my dad asks again, completely baffled. 
“Um,” Cora says, interjecting awkwardly. “Ariel, if you’re asking if you made it across the line within the top 60% of candidates…you did…” 
I huge rush of air leaves my lungs and relief sweeps through me, because at least Jackson is getting through –
But me? Are there rules about how healthy you have to be when you cross? Do you have to do it under your own power? 
“Ariel,” my dad snaps, his voice harsh, “are you saying – my god, you can’t be serious – you want to go back to the Academy!?” 
“Of course I do!” 
He stares at me for a long second before his face turns cold. “Absolutely not.” 
I gape at my father as he crosses his arms over his chest. 
“Dominic,” my mother says, and I whip my head to see her frowning at him, clearly taking my side. “Ariel is at the Academy for more reasons than just to hide from that horrible fiancé – she’s been working really hard! She’s –“ 
“It’s out of the question,” dad snaps, slicing a hand through the hair like that’s the end of it. “My daughter is not going back to an Academy of Alpha males who clearly want her dead –“ 
“Dad!” I protest. 
“No!” he shouts, his voice booming out, carrying with it his Alpha command. “You were shot with a crossbow, Ariel! No daughter of mine is going to be at that school – it’s too dangerous for you! It is male-only for a reason!” 
My hands curl into fists in my side as I glare at my father, my jaw set.
###Chapter 0217
Chapter 0217
I’m well, well aware that I’m supposed to quail under the look my father is leveling at me now – that it’s sent many big tough Alphas running for the hills. 
But, well, I’m my father’s daughter, aren’t I? 
And I am not giving in that easily. No way in hell. 
“I’m going back, dad,” I growl, my voice matching his own even though it’s several octaves higher. “You can’t stop me.” 
“The hell I can’t –“ 
“I have worked too hard!” I shout, getting up on my knees and leaning towards him now. “I have been busting my ass at that school, proving myself! I –“ 
“And it almost killed you, Ariel!” my dad shouts back, leaning in so that our faces are only inches apart. 
“I survived, didn’t I!?” I whip my finger up between us, a move I’ve seen my mom make a thousand times, but my dad just swats it away. “I’m proving myself, dad. I already beat twenty percent of the candidate class getting into the school, and now I’ve beat forty percent of the men who have been training just as hard as me! You cannot discount me and say that I haven’t earned my spot!” 
“You were carried over the finish line bleeding and barely breathing, Ariel,” dad says, and his anger snaps a little as he speaks the words. He groans again as he pictures it, straightening up and closing his eyes against the mental image. “I cannot, in good faith, send you to your death – you are not built, physically, for this world –“ 
“So, the only people who are worthy of the education,” I say, sitting back on my butt and crossing my arms as I glare at him, “are big guys, like you?”
His eyes fly open to stare at me, and then they narrow. “You know that’s not what I mean.” 
“In this school I am not your daughter – I’m Ari Clark, who is a boy,” I argue, knowing perhaps that it won’t make as much sense but needing to make the point anyway. “He’s small, but he’s smart. And he’s earned his place there. You can’t take this away from me not when I…” I hesitate now, biting my lip. “Not when it’s the only life I think I’ve ever really wanted, dad!” 
He groans again, pressing his eyes shut as he whips his head to the side. And despite his actions, I know he’s hearing me – I know he’s listening. He just really, really doesn’t like it. 
“She’s not wrong, Dominic,” my mom says softly, and a rush of joy runs through me when I hear her support, though I don’t turn to look at her, keeping my eyes on him. “You’re being more of a dad than a military commander right now – if she was a boy; or, hell, if she was anyone else’s girl… you’d let her go back.” 
“Quite frankly, Dom, if you keep her out you’re just being sexist.” My eyes go wide as I turn to stare at Aunt Cora, and my dad and mom do the same. She just shrugs, her chin high as she stares him down. “I’ve said from the start that this school was on the wrong side of it to only let in boys. It’s been running for more than twenty years now, and you finally have a girl Cadet who has genuinely proven that she’s better than half the boys who showed up and tried.” 
Cora gestures to me here, and another rush of joy pulses through me. 
“Again,” my dad says, his teeth gritted. “She nearly died.” 
“But I didn’t,” I say, seeing my opportunity. “Dad, check the rulebooks. If there’s a rule that says that you have to cross the finish line of your own power, then…” I bite my lip, not wanting to say it, but taking the gamble anyway, “then…I’ll go back to the Palace with you. But if other cadets have passed the Examination when they were carried across the line…you have to let me stay.”
Dad sighs, closing his eyes, and I clench my hands in hope because I know he sees the logic in that. I know that he’s a fairer man than he’s being right now – that he is, as mom says, acting on his dad instincts more than anything else.
###Chapter 0218
Chapter 0218
“Let me talk to your brother,” dad growls, each word slow and distinct. “I need…more information about how the rest of the time at the Academy has been. Although, I’m going to put him through a meat grinder the moment I see him, so he’s not going to be able to get any words out.” 
“You can ask Jesse, then,” I offer, more cheerful than I have a right to be, because I can see dad’s determination starting to crumble. 
Dad just glares at me. “Don’t think he’s not dead too.” 
“Please,” Cora says, her voice dry, “murder your own children. Leave mine to me. I’ve got special plans for that sneaky little rat – a long, slow death, I think…” 
Dad glances towards Cora, opening his mouth to retort, but we all go silent and turn towards the second door in the room the moment it opens and Rafe reappears with a certain tall, freshly- showered Alpha by his side. 
Rafe’s eyes go wide when he sees the collection of his loved-ones gathered on the poor over- burdened bed and he puts out a hand, smacking Jackson in the chest and stopping him in his tracks. 
I can’t help it, though – Jackson, in a fresh cadet uniform, his hair all wet and slicked back? 
God, but he looks so good. 
He grins, feeling my emotions down the bond, passing his own relief and joy back to me. But then his eyes flick to my dad, and he stills, realizing… 
Well, realizing precisely who is sitting before him.
My dad slowly gets to his feet, scenting the air, a vicious growl building in the back of his throat as he recognizes the scent of this cadet as the scent that is all over me. 
“Dad,” I say, my voice worried as I shoot a glance between him and Jackson, grabbing for his sleeve. But my dad just brushes me off, moving slowly as he stands, his eyes moving between Rafe and Jackson. “Dad, don’t –“ 
“Who the hell are you?” dad asks, his voice very, very dangerous. “And why is your scent all over my injured daughter?” 
“Dad,” Rafe says, stepping in front of Jackson, his eyes wide. 
“Enough!” dad snaps at my brother, glaring daggers at him. “Step aside, Rafe, let this man speak for himself.” 
Rafe sets his jaw and stays still for a moment, clearly deciding what to do. But then, to my surprise, he steps to the side, letting Jackson handle this himself – some Alpha instinct letting him know that this is between my dad and Jacks. 
To my surprise, unlike the vast majority of men who would fall back a few steps and beg forgiveness or start spouting an explanation in the face of my father like this, Jackson stands his ground. He sets his jaw and curls his hands into determined fists. His shoulders slump forward, just a little, in what I think is a sign of non-aggression, letting my dad know that he does not want to fight. But he doesn’t give up a single step of the space between them. 
Instead, Jackson just flicks his eyes to me, asking silently what I want him to do. Letting everyone in the room know that his next actions are at my command, not Dominic Sinclair’s. 
“Oh,” Cora says, her voice a little breathless with awe and surprise next to me. “Oh, so this is…the one you were talking about, Ella…”
“Dominic,” my mom snaps, and from the corner of my eye I see her rise to her feet. 
My dad stills just a second before turning towards her. Slowly, she shakes her head. “You’re making the wrong assumptions, Dominic,” she says, her words cold and filled with warning. “That boy did not hurt Ariel, he saved her. Jackson is the one who carried her across the finish line – he’s her mate.” 
My dad goes absolutely rigid with shock as I turn to stare at my mom. 
Because as my father’s growl fills the air and he turns his murderous gaze back to Jackson, I am desperately, deeply unsure that that was the right thing to reveal in this moment.
###Chapter 0219
Chapter 0219
Jackson’s eyes go wide for a second with worry as my dad focuses singularly on him and takes one single, dangerous step in his direction. 
“Dominic!” my mother snaps, and then she’s moving quickly between my dad and my mate, turning and holding a hand up in front of my father’s face. “Think about what you’re doing right now, let alone the impression you’re making!” 
The growl dies in my father’s throat as he blinks, hard and refocuses on my mom. “The…the impression? Ella, this man’s scent is all over our child, he’s claiming her as his mate, and you want me to worry about first impressions!?” 
“Dominic,” mom murmurs, stepping closer and shocking me by laughing a little bit. Slowly she stands on her tiptoes and takes his face in her hands. “Don’t you get it? He didn’t claim her as his mate – the Goddess fated them. And if I know my daughter as well as I think I do, then I’d be willing to bet a lot of money that Ariel had more to do with this than poor Jackson did.” 
Dad stares at mom for a long moment before turning to look at me. 
I just shrug, feeling awkward and…well, old. Because my entire life I’ve been dad’s little girl, and now here I am…introducing him to my mate. 
Suddenly overwhelmed, my eyes fill with tears. “Yeah,” I say, shrugging again, not knowing what to do. “I’ve…I’ve known since the first day as a candidate, dad. I told Jackson…yesterday.” 
My lip trembles as my dad stares at me, shocked, and I can’t help the tears that start to slip down my cheeks. I also don’t miss the three steps forward that Jackson takes towards me before Rafe grabs his arm, hauling him back. 
“Be nice to him, dad,” I squeak out. “He’s…he’s really nice, okay?”
Dad stares at me for a long, long moment before he lets out a long, long groan, covering his face with his hands and tilting his head back towards the ceiling. Aunt Cora scooches closer to me, giving me a quick hug and then wiping the tears from my cheeks, whispering that it’s all right. 
I nod to her, understanding, but still feeling overwhelmed. I keep my eyes on the four people standing in the room. 
Jackson and Rafe stand still, waiting for my dad to decide what he’s going to do next. Mom steps close to dad, wrapping an arm around his waist and waiting patiently until he drops his hands from his face, folding his arms around her and sighing deeply before looking down at her. 
“I wasn’t ready for this today, Ella,” he murmurs, glancing back at me. “I wasn’t ready for our little girl to grow up.” 
“Well, we’ve still got the meatball,” she murmurs, pointing at Rafe. I laugh, unable to help it, as Rafe scowls. He hates his nickname. “He hasn’t left us yet. And Markie and Juniper. Or Ariel – not really.” She smiles at him. “Kids grow. It’s what they do.” She stands on her toes. “It’s a good day, Dominic.” 
Dad presses a kiss to her mouth and then nods once, sighing again. “A good day.” Then he turns to me and holds a hand out. Cora helps me stand and then I wheel my little IV over to my dad’s side, slipping my hand in his as the three of us turn to face Jackson, who suddenly looks completely freaked out. 
I smirk, a little tickled by the idea that he was ready to take on my dad when dad was about to slash him to pieces. But meeting my father in a calm, pleasant way? He looks ready to bolt. 
“All right, Ariel,” dad murmurs, his voice grumbling as he squeezes my hand in his. “Introduce me to your young man.” 
And so I do.
Introductions are quick, largely formal, and a little awkward, with dad shaking Jackson’s hand and asking him some questions about who he is, what he’s studying, how we met. Jackson’s face gets redder and redder as he stumbles through the interrogation, and I’m basically melting with second- hand embarrassment, but Rafe saves me. 
One look at Rafe’s wide grin, at the way he watches Jackson with a little bit of good-humored delight at how horribly awkward he’s being, and I burst into laughter. 
Mom and Rafe start laughing too, and dad looks down at me with surprise as I shake my head at him and move to Jackson’s side, slipping my hand into my mate’s and giving it a squeeze. “Dad, please, you’re killing him, all right?”
###Chapter 0220
Chapter 0220
Dad stares at me and then up at Jackson again. “What?” he asks. “I was just being polite –“ 
“Jacks is…not great with polite,” I say, pressing myself warmly to his side. “Actually, I think he’d probably rather fight you than do the small talk thing.” 
Jackson scowls, already coming back to himself a little. “Ari, I don’t want to fight him –“ 
“I know,” I say, nodding and smiling up into his face. “Just – can we all maybe take a bit of space? Try this again over midwinter, maybe over dinner?” 
“Or an activity,” Rafe suggests, knowing that even a dinner might be a bit much for Jacks. “Or a great, great deal of whiskey – barrels of it.” 
“Enough,” dad snaps good-heartedly at Rafe, waving a dismissive hand at all of us as he turns away. “Fine, fine! We’ll do it all later! I need much more information anyway.” 
I grin after him as he walks to the bed with mom at his side, and then I grin between Jacks and Rafe. 
“You did great, Jacks,” I whisper, supportive. 
“I didn’t…say anything,” he murmurs, glancing after my parents. “Besides, like, my name –“ 
“But you did that so well,” Rafe says with humorous condescension, patting him on his shoulder with a laugh. I laugh too and Jackson gives a tentative smile, I think giving into it. 
Jacks opens his mouth, I think to ask a question, but the door opens again – suddenly, I long for a lock on it – and a professor I don’t recognize comes into the room.
“Um,” he says, looking around, a clipboard in his hand. “I’m looking for Cadets Sinclair, McClintock, and Clark?” 
Rafe steps hastily in front of me, asking whether the professor is looking for Jesse or Rafe Sinclair, and in the intervening moment Jackson hands me his cap, which was apparently tucked into his back pocket. Hastily, I loop my hair up onto my head and whip the cap on top. It’s too big, but, in a pinch, it works. 
When the professor reveals that he’s looking for Rafe Sinclair, Rafe glances back at me and then nods to him, letting him know that we’re all here. 
“Oh, good,” the professor says, looking anxiously over at the King, Queen, and Duchess standing quietly together by the bed, perhaps wondering what the hell is going on. But he doesn’t say anything about that, instead clearing his throat and consulting his paper. 
“Well,” he says with a sigh, “the three of you have been marked as passing the Examination –“ 
I squeal suddenly with delight, throwing myself into Jackon’s arms. He laughs with me, turning me in a circle, giving me a big hug. When we go all the way around before we see the professor at the door giving us a strange look. Jackson just clears his throat and awkwardly lowers me to the floor. 
“So,” my mother says, interrupting as the professor starts speaking again. “It’s not an issue that Cadet…Clark…” here she glances at me, and inwardly I cringe at how obvious she’s being, “was carried wounded over the finish line?” 
“No, highness,” the professor says, giving her a deferential bow. “The rules are to cross the finish line, full stop. I think,” he glances at my dad here, “they were written that way with this express situation in mind.”
My mouth falls open a bit as I realize that my dad knew this all along because he wrote the rule book – that it’s not a surprise to him, at all, that I’ve passed. 
Dad catches my glare and just gives me a little shrug, telling me to deal with it. I roll my eyes at him but let it pass – he’s had a stressful day too. 
The professor continues. “Sinclair and McClintock have been given orders to return to the Academy tonight,” he says, lowering the clipboard to his side. “Though Clark has been given special permission to stay overnight to ensure that there are no complications to his injuries. Though…” 
He hesitates, not finishing and looking at me strangely because obviously I’m standing before him perfectly hale. I just shrug, not explaining anything. 
“Absolutely not,” Jackson growls, stepping forward towards the professor. “I am not leaving Clark here alone.” 
The professor steps back, shocked by the defiance and the aggression in Jackson’s eyes.
###Chapter 0221
Chapter 0221
“Well, that’s enough of that,” my mother says with perfect calm, standing and catching Jackson’s eye. He freezes for a moment and then steps back, standing up straight again. 
Mom, ever-charming, turns a smile on the professor and thanks him for the news, ensuring him that Sinclair and McClintock will follow in a few minutes to be transported back. When the professor leaves, mom turns back to Jacks with an eyebrow raised. 
“You’re going to have to get better at that,” she says quietly, gesturing towards the door. “If Ari is going to return to the Academy, you’re going to have to keep her secret, which means not acing all mate-y whenever someone comes to deliver perfectly normal news –“ 
“She’s not going back,” my dad says, stepping towards my mom with a glare. 
Mom’s mouth pops open in surprise but then they begin to fight, the way they always do – with a great deal of heat and talking over each other. But Rafe and I just look away from them and towards each other, used to it, because it all turns out right in the end. 
“Oooookay,” Aunt Cora says, stepping away from the bed and coming over to us. “Why don’t I walk the two of you out,” she says, nodding to the big Alphas on either side of me. “Ariel will –“ 
“I’m not leaving,” Jackson says, frowning at Cora and reaching a possessive hand for me. 
“Oh, sweetheart,” she says, grinning up at him and reaching a hand out to pat him fondly on the cheek, an action which I think shocks Jackson to the core. He stands stock-still, staring at Cora as she beams at him. “Yes, baby,” she sighs, “you are. Kiss your mate and come along.” 
She takes his hand then, tugging on it, and Jackson looks at me a bit helplessly – I think as shocked at being bossed by a woman as he is at having someone call him sweetheart and baby. I
step close, reaching for him, and Jacks quickly lowers his head, pressing a quick kiss to my mouth. “I don’t want to go,” he murmurs. 
“I’ll be fine – I’ll see you tomorrow,” I nod at him, eager. 
“Ari,” he says, hesitating, looking at me like I’m going to die or disappear if he leaves the room. 
“Jacks,” I say, taking his face in my hands, sending all the faith and assurance I can down our bond. “We have to be normal, all right? Just…just for a little bit? I’ll see you at school.” 
He sighs, shaking his head, but Cora tugs his hand again and he goes along with her, sending me looks over his shoulder as he heads for the door. 
“Take care of him,” I say to Rafe, catching at his hand as he, too, goes. 
Rafe nods his assurance to me, but as Jackson and Cora slip through the door dad calls out his name. “Where do you think you’re going?” he asks, crossing his arms over his chest, breaking the argument with my mother to apparently start one with Rafe. 
“Um,” Rafe says, going stock-still in the middle of the room. “To…school?” 
“Think again, young man,” my dad says, striding for the door and slamming it shut. “Royal dispensation – you, too, are staying overnight. Because we as a family?” he levels his gaze at both of us in turn. “We need to talk.” 
Rafe heaves a big sigh, closing the door after Cora takes an unhappy Jackson away. 
As the next few hours pass, I’m very willing to let Rafe take the majority of the blame as well as dad’s anger. Food is brought, which I eat ravenously, and Rafe sends me a few chagrined looks as the interrogation passes, but overall I know he takes it willingly – that he knows that I’m exhausted, and that it’s already been a lot for me, today, to stand up to dad and introduce him to my mate.
###Chapter 0222
Chapter 0222
And so I just curl up against mom at the head of the bed, listening to my dad and my brother fight about whether or not I should be at the school, and what the hell Rafe was thinking taking me there, and how I’ve survived so far. I can hear Rafe supplying information that Jackson told when they were away at the shower, apparently, about the identity of the cadet who shot me with a crossbow and whether or not he has a further vendetta against me, but I quickly find myself slipping into sleep as I lean against mom. 
“Come on, baby,” I hear mom murmur from my half daze. I blink into consciousness, realizing that dad and Rafe are still going at it, and then I look up at mom next to me. “Let’s get you cleaned up,” she says, unhooking me from the IV and tugging me away. 
I nod, following her to the second door in the room, yawning as we pass through it and a few more doors before we enter a pretty utilitarian private bathing chamber. She helps me strip down and then I shower as mom fills me in, quietly and calmingly, on the gossip from home. Markie is fine – he doesn’t like school, loves sports, wants a pet squirrel more than anything in the world. Juniper hates everything, apparently, and won’t wear anything but black – dyed her hair black, too, in a fit of rebellion. 
I smirk, thinking fondly of my taciturn little sister, missing her with a sudden intensity that surprises me. But I dry off with a scratchy towel and then pull on the supplied one-size-fits-all-Alpha pajamas – which, obviously, swim on me. But mom laughs and helps me pull the drawstring of the pants tight before leading me out into the hospital room again and back to the bed. 
Dad and Rafe, I’m interested to see, have fallen silent and aren’t looking at each other. 
“So,” mom says, overly cheerful. “Did we men come to any decisions about Ariel’s fate in the world without consulting her?”
Rafe balks a little bit, staring at my mom, because he has been fighting for me for the past few hours. She just winks at him, because the critique was mostly for my dad. 
“Enough, Ella,” dad murmurs, massaging his temple with his left hand. “We decided to pick it up again tomorrow, after we’ve all slept on it. We’re not getting anything done here anyway.” 
“Wow, you’re kidding me, I thought you were making such progress,” mom murmurs with over- cheerful sarcasm as she tucks me into bed. Dad just glares at her half-heartedly before turning to me, leaning down to give me a kiss on the cheek and then run his hand over my hair. 
“I love you, Ariel,” he says, and I look up at him, hoping he can see in my face all the love I have for him in my heart – so much that it aches. His face falls a little then, and I smile, because I think he sees it. “I just want what’s best for you.” 
“I know, pops,” I murmur, reaching for him, wanting a hug. Dad obliges me, wrapping me up tight for a long, long moment. And then he lets me lay back down in the bed, standing up. As soon as my head hits the pillow, my eyes start to drift shut. 
“We’ll see you for breakfast, baby,” mom whispers, also leaning down to give me a kiss. “You just sleep tight for now.” 
I murmur my assent, and then I’m asleep, the last thing I hear three sets of footsteps leaving the room, my brother’s whispered goodnight as he switches off the light.
###Chapter 0223
Chapter 0223
When I wake up the next morning – or, at least, I think it’s morning – it’s not like this weird mountainous hospital room has windows – I smile, because I smell Jackson. 
But then I frown, rubbing at my eyes, because… 
I mean, I took a shower. His scent wouldn’t be all over me anymore, so why… 
But then, when I follow my nose and peer over the side of my bed, I burst into a smile because I have my answer. 
Jackson’s laying there, on a way-too-small mattress of all things, dead asleep. I grin, looking at him, wondering how the hell he got here and why he’s not back at the Academy yet, but… 
Well, also, I just look at him. Because he’s so damn handsome, even with his mouth hanging open and his arm splayed out to the side, and so incredibly precious to me, even though we’ve only been bonded for less than two days. 
Before I can stop myself, I crawl out of bed and drop down onto his mattress, curling up at his side with my head on his chest. Jackson jumps the moment I touch him, but he instantly calms when he realizes what happened. “Don’t scare me like that,” he murmurs, instantly wrapping his arms around me and pulling me tight. 
I laugh. “Good morning to you too.” 
“Yeah yeah,” he mutters, and I can almost feel him rolling his eyes at my insistence on a greeting. “How are you? Are you okay?” 
“I’m fine,” I say, though my stomach instantly growls in response. “Starving, but fine.”
Jackson frowns down at me and starts to sit up, like he’s going to go get me some food immediately, but I laugh and stop him with a hand on his chest. “Just stay still with me for a moment, Jacks,” I whisper, wanting nothing more than to have a peaceful few minutes with him before the rest of the world catches up with us. 
My mate lays back down and exhales like he’s exhausted, but also like everything, in this moment, is…completely fine. Which, honestly, is precisely how I feel. 
After a few long minutes of just holding each other, our breathing slowly coming to match, our heartbeats synching up, I raise my chin to look up at him. “Jacks,” I whisper, curious. “Why aren’t you at school? And where did you get a mattress?” 
He laughs a little. “I’m not at school because I refused to go.” 
“What!?” I squeak, sitting up to stare at him. He tightens his arms, making me lay back down and relax. 
“I wouldn’t go,” he says, as if it’s simple. “I wouldn’t leave without you. The professors got pissed, but what are they going to do, carry me? I’m bigger than they are.” 
“Jackson,” I breathe, staring at him. “One night with me in the hospital is not worth getting kicked out of school –“ 
“I’m not getting kicked out,” he says, his voice completely unworried. “I’m just getting a demerit on my record.” 
“What’s a demerit?” I ask, fascinated, worried. 
“Who knows. Who cares.” He peers at me for a second. “Ari, I’m like…very good at this military stuff. They’re not going to kick me out and lose everything I can offer just because I slept in the wrong facility one night. I haven’t done anything bad.”
“I don’t like you arrogant,” I murmur, giving him a little smack on his chest that makes him laugh. “You have to follow the rules, Jacks – you don’t get a free pass just because you’re big and nobody can boss you around.” 
“Oh, look who’s talking about rule breaking, little girl,” he mutters, his voice dry. And I go still but then burst out laughing. 
“Okay, I’m properly shamed on that one,” I sigh, putting my head back on his chest. “But, where did you get the mattress?” 
“Your mom did that,” he says, and I can hear the smile in his voice. “She found me curled up outside your locked door –“ 
“Jackson!” I gasp. He just grins down at me. 
“She pulled me to my feet and yelled at me a little –“ 
“Which you deserved –“ I say, my brow furrowed. 
“Yes, she looked just like that,” he murmurs, raising a hand to cup my cheek and making me grin. “But then, while she yelled at me, she dragged me off to where they keep the spare furniture and helped me carry this in here. And then she left your clothes and your notes and she left.”
###Chapter 0224
Chapter 0224
He points to the end of my bed and I see my black Cadet uniform there, along with some folded pieces of paper. I grin, encouraged by the sight of my Academy Black, hoping to hell this means my dad will let me go. 
I mean, I’m an adult now – my decisions are mine. But, if he really doesn’t want me to go he can absolutely blow my cover and just let the school know that I’m a girl. I scowl, hating it, but also trusting, deep down, that my dad will listen. 
“Are you coming to breakfast?” I ask, looking down at Jackson. 
“Hell no,” he says, shaking his head like I’m crazy. I laugh, grinning at him. 
“One conversation with my dad was enough?” 
“I need…a great deal of prep before the next time that I sit down with your father,” he murmurs, covering his face with his hand and taking a deep breath. “That was terrifying.” 
“He was being nice to you!” I laugh. 
“Ari,” Jackson murmurs, shaking his head even as he refuses to look at me, “I have a very different relationship with men in positions of authority – yesterday I almost had a heart attack when I saw you yell at the King. Where I come from, you’d have been killed for that –“ 
“But it’s my dad,” I say, frowning down at him. 
“Yeah,” he says, taking his hand away with a sigh and looking up at me. “We don’t have those.” 
“Oh, Jackson,” I sigh, lowering myself to his side and curling up with him again. “We’ll get Rafe to have some chats with you to teach you how to handle parents, and I’ll tell dad to be nice.”
“Tell the King to be nice,” he mutters, shaking his head in disbelief. “And he’ll just…listen to you.” 
“Obey my orders, more like,” I mutter, smug, and he just laughs. 
We lay still for a long time after that, chatting about nothing, when suddenly the door opens. I sit up straight with a gasp, but then relax when I see that it’s just my mom. 
“Oh,” she says, coming around the bed and peering a us with her hands on her hips. “Well, this is very chaste. You’re just…laying next to each other. Honestly, Ariel, I’m a little disappointed in you –“ 
“Mom!” I gasp, horrified at her implications that Jackson and I would be, like, tearing into each other. 
“Well, you’re my daughter, Ariel!” She says with a big sigh. 
I shriek, covering my ears. “Far too much information, mother!” I shout, pressing my eyes shut, wishing to erase that information from my brain. 
But before I can complete the task, my mom comes close and swats me on the head, laughing, before offering a hand out to Jackson. 
“Come on, you,” she says, smiling at him, and when I look up at her I can see that she’s already welcomed Jacks into her heart completely and is deeply, deeply fond of my mate. “King’s up. You have to run off to school before he finds out where you slept tonight.” 
“Yes, ma’am,” Jackson says, taking her hand but not really using it to get up, instead pulling himself to his own feet. 
“Why aren’t the rest of you this polite?” mom asks, grinning at me as Jackson stands. 
“Can you just yell at her or something?” I say to Jackson, turning my face up to his. “This is going to get old real fast.”
Jackson just looks at me, horrified at the idea. Mom laughs and stands on her toes to pat him on the cheek. “Off you go. Ariel will be along later today.” 
Jackson says his goodbyes – to my shock – and after I get to my feet he leans down to kiss me chastely on the cheek before he goes from the room, again shooting looks over his shoulder at me like he desperately doesn’t want to leave my side. 
“Seriously, Ari,” mom says when he closes the door behind him. “I kinda thought I’d be interrupting a major romantic scene this morning.” 
“Well, you sort of were,” I sigh, looking over at her, and she smiles at me, tugging me close. “Just… the tamer sort.” 
“Go on, baby trouble,” she murmurs, pressing a kiss to my other cheek. “Get dressed. We need to talk before breakfast, and we don’t have a lot of time.”
###Chapter 0225
Chapter 0225
As mom sits down on the bed with a bounce as I quickly read through my notes – one from Daphne, apologizing profusely for her betrayal, and the other from Luca – just a quick scrawl saying he’s glad I’m alive and he’ll see me soon. Smiling, grateful for both of them, I move towards my clothes. 
“So!” Mom says, grinning devilishly at me. “Are you sleeping with both of your mates, or just Luca?” 
I freeze, turning to her, shocked. 
Mom bursts out laughing and I scowl, picking up the hat on the top of my clothing pile and throwing it at her. “Mom! Stop doing that just to shock me!” 
“Oh, come on,” she sighs, laying back against my pillows. “What’s the point of having a daughter if you can’t embarrass her about her love life. So?” She raises her eyebrows at me, clearly wanting an answer. 
And, well, because I have been wanting to talk to her about this, I sigh and nod. But I have trouble looking at her as we broach this awkward topic, so I concentrate, mostly, on getting dressed as we talk. Mom, perhaps sensing the delicate nature of this conversation, doesn’t give me any flack about it. 
“I’m not sleeping with either of them,” I say quietly. “Though, with Luca, things are…progressing.” 
“Oh realllly,” she says, dragging out the word with interest. “But not with Jackson?” 
“Well, considering that he’s known for like, thirty-six hours…” I say on a sigh, pulling on my pants. My mom laughs, understanding. 
“But…” I hesitate as I buckle the button of my pants. “Things with Jackson are…intense.”
“Intense?” my mom asks, “what does that mean?” Her voice is gossipy – I think to put me at ease. Because if she were worried, or scolding, I’d definitely be too embarrassed to go on. 
“I mean like…I am very attracted to him, mom. And it’s not that I’m not into Luca – I very much am. It’s just…different.” I look up at her before I turn my back, tugging off the pajama shirt and reaching for the black sports bra that Daphne made me. I smirk, wondering how she arranged to send this all in secret. 
“Well,” mom says, her voice considering, “I think that’s kind of…cool, honestly. It sounds like things are different between you and your mates because they’re very different people. I think that’s normal, and good. Or maybe it’s just that the Goddess is keeping your life spicy.” 
I scoff and turn to glare at my mom as I pull the sports bra down over my chest. “Oh, come on, mom, I sincerely doubt that the Goddess is paying attention, with all she has on her plate.” 
“I wouldn’t doubt her,” mom says, raising her eyebrows and cocking her head. “But I think Cora was right – your dad is actually the one to be talking to about this.” 
I groan, shaking my head. “Mom, I can’t talk to him about which of his fated mates he was more into physically.” 
“Well,” she says, primly squaring her shoulders. “We already know the answer to that.” 
I burst out laughing and she joins me. 
“But seriously, baby,” she says, her face falling into more considered lines. “Your dad is more empathetic about this stuff than you give him credit for. You should try. He’ll have a better perspective than literally anyone else on earth.” 
I sigh, nodding, and then look down at my feet as I bite my lip.
“Don’t worry,” mom says with a sigh. “I’ll tell him before you get home.” 
I gasp, wondering if she, too, can read my mind. “You will!?” 
“I’ll keep it secret through your finals so that he’ll let you stay to take them,” she says, pointing a warning finger at me. “But you bring those boys home for winter break, both of them. And your dad will be prepared to meet them. But you owe him that truth – especially after all this deception.” 
I bite my lip, knowing that this conversation could go in two different directions, and not wanting to take either of them. Luckily, mom picks for me. 
“Yes, Ari,” she says slowly. “This means you have to tell both of your mates too. I don’t know how you’ve been justifying it to yourself, keeping this secret all along. But it’s time to come out with it – to everyone you love.” 
I nod, ashamed of myself, and my little wolf rubs herself up against my heart, warming it, supporting me. “I know,” I say, my voice soft. “It was just…very hard to find a time that made sense. But I’ll…I’ll tell them. And bring them home for winter break.” 
“Both of them?” 
“Well, Rafe might have to tie Jackson up and throw him on the train,” I say, lifting my head to meet her gaze. She grins, but holds back her laugh. “But, yes. I’ll get them there.” 
“Good!” mom says, hopping up off the bed as I pull my shirt on and do up all the buttons. She comes to my side and gives me a kiss on the cheek. “Now, let’s go to breakfast and break it do your dad that you’re going back to the murder school where you’ve almost died like three times.”
###Chapter 0226
Chapter 0226
“Mom,” I say, catching her arm and stopping her before she heads to the door. “Are you…are you mad at me?” My voice breaks a little on my question, my eyes smarting with tears as I look at her, worried. 
“Oh, baby,” she murmurs, shock and concern suddenly on her face. “Why would you think that?” 
“Because,” I say, heaving a little shrug. “We – we lied to you for months. And I did something really dangerous. And I almost died, and showed up all bloody with two mates – and it must be so weird –“ 
Mom laughs a little, taking my face between her hands and shaking her head at me. “Oh, sweetheart,” she murmurs, and then she nods. “If I’m being honest, I could have done without the blood and the near-death. But I’m not mad at you – sweetie, I’m proud of you.” 
My mouth twists in sudden surprise, and my eyes fill with unexpected tears. “You’re – you’re what?” 
“Baby,” she wraps me in a hug as she speaks, “you are doing something difficult that nobody has done before. And it’s kind of kicking your ass!” I laugh, tears slipping down my cheeks as I nod and hug her back. 
“Yeah,” I reply, my voice shaking. “It kind of is.” 
“But look at you,” she says, pulling back and beaming into my face. “Look at you, baby! You’re kicking its ass too! You are finding your way, doing something you’re passionate about, and you’re succeeding. Ariel, my love,” her own eyes fill with tears now, “I’m so proud of you. I’d scream it from the rooftops for everyone to hear if it wouldn’t get you instantly kicked out.” 
I laugh, and hug my mom again, and then we take a few moments to wipe my tears away before we head off to breakfast. Before we go, I tuck the little notes left on my bed into the back pocket of my
Cadet uniform and prepare to go negotiate with my dad, the King. 
Breakfast goes better than I thought it would, right from the start. It’s a short, unfrilled affair – just the four of us gathered around for coffee, and some toast and fruit, at a little folding table in the back hall. Cora isn’t here, unfortunately – she headed home after patching up some minorly-wounded cadets and sending Jesse off with a kiss. 
As I pour my coffee, I realize that my mom has probably been up all night – that after I fell asleep she probably spent every minute rushing around from room to room, healing all the cadets who were injured in the Examination. I see the signs of it now that I look for them – the slight circles under her eyes, the yawn she hides with her hand. 
But I just smile, and don’t call her out – because even though mom is full of jokes and would just brush it off, I know that she has the biggest heart of anyone in the world. 
I resolve, again – for the thousandth time – to try to be more like her. 
“So,” dad says, his voice all business as he offers me the basket of toast, which I grab perhaps too eagerly, loading up my plate with a serving size that is more like Rafe’s usual breakfast than mine. “We’re going to strike a deal.” 
“We are?” I ask, crumbs spilling from my mouth as I speak with my mouth full. 
Rafe just smirks at me, and I give him a little glare before I chew and swallow, focusing on our dad. 
“Despite what you all think,” dad says, looking evenly around the table at us, “I do listen to you, and I am reasonable. I am not pleased with the fact that we were lied to, and that Ariel was put into an unnecessarily risky situation.” He levels his gaze at me now, and I sit up straighter, as I always do when I’m in trouble with dad.
“But,” he continues, and I go very still, hope beginning to swell in me. Dad folds his hands, continuing to look at me evenly. “I am aware that you have proven yourself at this Academy, Ariel. You have…passed the tests that weeded out other candidates, tests that were as much about cleverness as they were physical prowess – about finding out how to pass, even if your physical makeup didn’t make that easy for you.” 
I frown a little bit here, my mind wandering to consider that I wouldn’t have been highly ranked enough to enter the academy or to pass the Examination if it hadn’t been for Jackson. That Jackson really did pull me through. 
Is there something wrong with that, though? Is there a rule that every Cadet at the Academy must be a lone island of physical strength? Is there nothing useful about having good friends, and the right friends? 
My dad continues talking, though, and so I push the question aside to mull over later, uncomfortable with it but needing to concentrate. 
“So here’s what we’re going to do,” dad says, reaching out for an orange and beginning to peel it as he begins to lay out our plan.
###Chapter 0227
Chapter 0227
“There’s one last trial before you’re fully enrolled,” dad says slowly, peeling his orange in one long strip. “And that is your academic finals. If you pass those, then I won’t fight you on returning to the Academy.” 
I gasp, thrilled, leaning forward to thank my dad with all of my heart. 
“But!” dad says, holding up a finger. “I won’t have it a secret anymore – not from the officials, and not from your professors. At least, those you work with. If you pass your finals, we will have a word with each of your professors. And if they refuse to work with you…” he shrugs, meeting my eyes. “I’m not going to force them, Ariel. And you shouldn’t seek to either. It is…too dangerous a world, to not be working with people who are betting against you.” 
I bite my lip, considering it quickly, my mind sweeping over the Captain, and Neumann, and Alvez. The last of the three, obviously – rather indecently, if I’m being honest – does not have a problem with working with a young woman. But the other two… 
“And,” dad continues, focusing on the fruit, “the boy who shot you – Wright? He has not yet gone through his tribunal for attempted murder –“ 
My eyes go wide as I consider that…well, yeah. That Wright broke the rules when he shot me in the stomach. 
“So,” dad continues, flicking his eyes to me. “I want you taking no risks, Ariel. Your tests, and the room. Those are the only places I want you until we get that boy out of that school.” 
“Okay,” I say suddenly, giving a terse nod. “Okay, I accept it.” 
“All right,” dad says, nodding seriously and looking down at his fruit and fighting his smile.
I take a second to look around at Rafe and mom, who are both beaming at me with excitement, but then I can’t help it – I’m up out of my seat with a shout joy and throwing myself at my dad, wrapping my arms around his neck. 
“Thank you, daddy,” I whisper, and a rush of warmth and joy runs through me when my dad wraps his big arms around me, hugging me back. “I love you so much.” 
“I believe in you, baby,” he says, pulling back to smile at my face, his own filled with a thousand emotions I couldn’t even begin to name. “I always knew you were tough, that you’d do big things. We’re…we’re very proud. You know that, right?” 
“Yeah, dad,” I say, grinning at him – feeling so, so incredibly lucky to have him as my dad, and my mom as my mom, and my brother as my brother. “Don’t worry. I know.” 
“Good,” he says, setting me on my feet and gesturing towards the table. “Then eat up, because your marksmanship final is today, and you’ll need your strength.” 
“Today?” I gasp, my eyes going wide. “Wh-what!?” 
“Yup,” dad says, his mouth twisting up at the corner. “Part of the joy of Examination is the second surprise – that immediately after it, your finals begin. Hope you studied, trouble.” 
I look over at Rafe to see that his face is likewise pale. 
“Holy crap,” he says, his eyes meeting mine. “We – we have to go.” 
I throw myself back into my seat and begin eating as fast as I can. Rafe matches my pace as I slurp down my coffee and stuff toast into my mouth along with strawberries, melon – whatever will fit. 
My parents just grin at each other over their plates, eating at a leisurely pace.
I haul my butt up the final two flights of stairs to our level, my head hanging back on my neck, my eyes almost shut in my exhaustion. The past thirty-six hours… 
I mean, honestly, the past ninety-six hours if we’re counting the examination – 
Or, wait, is it seventy-six? Or one-twenty? I groan again, hating my brain for trying to do more math as I slog towards our bedroom door. God, I feel like my brain has gone through a meat grinder. 
The past day and a half has been insane with finals. Rafe and I barely showed up, via helicopter, in time for our afternoon tests. I burst into the marksmanship final panting, but on time, and the Captain shook his head at me but let me participate. I passed, of course – it’s my stronger of the my two examined subjects, and the Captain patted me on the back with a proud smile after it was done. 
I almost passed out, though, when I was told that my Chemistry examination was twenty-four hours later. That night I was a mess, trying to cram the entire textbook into my head. Jackson came by the room, of course, worried – but Rafe and I managed to convince him to go away, to let me study. I think it was only the sheer anxiety in my eyes that made him agree to it. And thank god Jesse wasn’t there when Jackson came – because I could not – absolutely could not – manage any more revelations with this exam looming.
###Chapter 0228
Chapter 0228
I was similarly frantic that night in the dream state with Luca. He clasped me in his arms, desperate to hear my story, to know that I was safe. I told him, briefly, what happened, and then begged him to let me go, to sleep, because I absolutely could not turn my mind away from the Chemistry test I knew was waiting for me the next day. 
Luca kissed me so softly, so sweetly, and said of course – that he’s rooting for me, and he can’t wait to see how well I do. And then we ended the dream with him wishing me the best of luck, though he assured me I didn’t need it. 
So, of course, I woke up just riddled with guilt. Because Luca – he’s been so, so sweet to me, and I am keeping a very real secret from him now. Somehow it was different when Jackson was just a mate – a vague, unreal connection. But now that Jackson knows, and that we’ve acknowledged each other, and we’ve bonded? 
God, but it’s different. 
All of these thoughts and memories weigh me down as I head down the hallway to my door, as I twist the handle and push my way inside. 
Both Rafe and Jesse cheer the moment I step into the room, but their cheers fade awkwardly when they see how wrecked I am. 
“Oh, jeeze,” Jesse says, striding across the room and immediately shutting the door and wrapping an arm around my shoulders. “Honestly, Ariel, you looked better post-examination when you were all covered in blood.” 
“That’s because I had hope,” I moan, letting him lead me over to the couch, where Rafe is waiting with my favorite green blanket. As soon as I sit down he lays it over me, tucking it in at the sides. I smile up at my big brother, loving him.
“Was it that bad?” Rafe asks, anxious, looking down as he stands next to me. “Did you fail?” 
“I don’t know,” I sigh, shaking my head. Because it certainly feels like I did. The test was…insane. But what happened before it? 
“I got…spooked,” I sigh, shaking my head. 
“What?” Jesse asks, confused as he sits down on the coffee table. 
“Well,” I say, looking between them and hesitating, because this news – they’re not going to be very happy about it. “The other cadets – they wouldn’t give me a test booklet, at first. Kept passing them to each other around me.” 
“What?” Rafe hisses, going still. 
I nod, looking down as I continue. “Neumann asked what was going on and one of the other cadets spoke up, saying that I failed the Examination and shouldn’t get to sit the exam.” 
Rafe and Jesse gape at me, appalled. I take their silence as the invitation it is, nodding and moving on. “They said I was carried over the line, that I rely on my…my royal connections to get through, and apparently now on Jackson, and that I don’t belong here.” 
“What the fuck did Neumann say?” Jesse asks, already livid. 
“He took my side,” I say, raising my eyes and looking between them. “He slapped a test booklet onto my desk and said that I didn’t break a single rule – and just because none of them was clever enough to convince a bigger cadet to build them a chair, and declare them governor, and carry them over the finish line, it didn’t mean it was wrong for me to use my resources wisely.” 
I take a deep breath, carrying on. “And then, when they insisted it wasn’t fair, Neumann called them out. He said that if Jesse Sinclair,” I say, looking at my cousin significantly and letting him know that
Neumann really did call him out by name, “had been carried bleeding across the finish line by the crown Prince that nobody would have countered it. That everyone would have called it noble, and applauded, and happily mark both of you as passing with flying colors” 
Rafe and Jesse go still, looking at each other before returning their gazes to me. “He’s right,” Rafe said, nodding solidly. “That’s exactly what would have happened. What happened next?” 
I sigh, shaking my head, wondering if I should even get into it.
###Chapter 0229
Chapter 0229
I sigh, shaking my head and moving on with it. “Neumann told all of my classmates that they were all being shitty people, that they were jealous, and that they were kidding themselves if they thought that trying to knock me out of the running because I’m physically the smallest and weakest was ever going to do them any favors, because they’re next on that list.” 
Rafe works hard to keep from bursting into laugher, so I do it for him. My brother and my cousin join in, even as I shake my head. 
“I mean,” I say with a shrug, “it was good to have him stand up for me – but it’s all stuff I’ve been thinking this whole time, isn’t it? That I don’t belong here, that I’m too small, that I’ve literally only passed both the candidacy test and the examination because Jackson helped me with both. And it sucked to have my classmates say it out loud, to suggest that I shouldn’t even be allowed to take the Chem final.” 
“They just knew you were going to kick their ass in that too,” Jesse says, leaning forward to put a hand on my knee. “They are just jealous, Ari. This whole time they’ve been patting themselves on the back, telling themselves that they’re tougher than you, sneering at you saying you’d be the first to go. And here you fucking are, thriving.” 
“I know,” I sigh, looking between them. “But…I mean, I wouldn’t be thriving without Jackson. Or you two. I’d be dead.” 
“Neumann’s right,” Rafe says, sitting down in his chair and considering it. “There’s nothing in the rulebook that says you can’t rely on your friends to help you. Everyone just assumes you have to muscle through it all alone. When in fact, the best plan is probably to gather a strong group of people with a lot of broad skills.” He smirks at Jesse and me. “Which is…kind of what we did. Which is cool, I think.”
“Oh yeah, I’ve been so helpful to you two,” I say, sitting back with a sigh, still feeling kind of crap about it all. 
“You did help, Ari,” Jesse says, leaning forward with a warm smile. “You are the reason we met Daphne, the love of my life, who is obsessed with Rafe. So, thank you for my burgeoning heartbreak.” 
I laugh at my cousin, sensing his joke and his sarcasm. “Yeah, I introduced her, and then she poisoned us,” I groan, covering my face with my hands. 
“Yeah, we’re going to have to…see what else you can bring to the group, Ari,” Rafe says, obviously kidding and laughing along with us. 
The door opens, and Ben comes through, moaning in the same way I was. “I’m dead,” he mutters, shaking his head and leaving the door open behind him as he comes and slumps down on the couch next to me. “I am death, and I’ve departed my body, and now I’m a ghost. Can you see me? Am I corporeal?” 
Jesse grins at Ben and pats his knee too. “Your finals go as bad as Ari’s did?” 
Ben frowns and turns to look at me, considering. “Worse, by the looks of it.” 
“Did you fail?” I ask, anxious. He barely skirted through the Examination, I know, and my mom had to wound a broken wrist and a twisted ankle before sending him back here. That, combined with a failure… 
God, it could be close. 
“No way of knowing,” Ben sighs, resting his head back on the couch. “Hey, do we have any more of that wine that knocks you out for twenty-four hours? I could really use some of that now.”
“Yes, can we get Daphne back up here?” I ask, looking longingly at the door, kind of wishing that she would come. I haven’t seen her yet since I’ve been back – and I know she’s upset about her role in the Examination, that she thinks I’m mad at her. The two of us really need to take a minute to chat and renew our friendship. 
“Why don’t you go get her, Ari?” Rafe says, stretching his hands over his head. “Bring her up – tell her to bring real wine this time. Finals are over, after all, and it’s our last night here. We could use a little celebration.” 
“Go and get her,” I murmur in confusion, frowning at my big brother. And then my mind flashes to the fact that I just walked back from my Chemistry final alone. Though it didn’t bother me at the time…I mean, why was I allowed to do that, when my brother and my cousin have basically been flanking me the entire time we’ve been here? And considering that someone just tried really hard to murder me in the Examination? “Wait, what’s going on?” I ask, looking around at them. “Why is… why am I suddenly allowed to walk around alone?”
###Chapter 0230
Chapter 0230
“Because,” Jesse says, patting my knee and then getting up, “you’re safe now, Ari. Nobody’s going to mess with you.” 
“What?” I ask, my eyes following him as he moves over to his desk, writing something down on a piece of paper. “What are you talking about?” 
“You don’t have to worry about Wright anymore,” Rafe murmurs, flicking his eyes up to me and then down to his notebook he pulls onto his lap, where he’s started making a packing list so that we can go home for winter break. “He’s under full guard until his trial. Plus, everyone’s scared shitless of Jackson now after his display at the bridge, which we’ve all heard about. So, we don’t have to stalk you so much.” 
“What these two are leaving out,” Ben stage-whispers to me, loud enough so that Jesse and Rafe can hear, “is that they also kicked the shit out of Wright at the warrior finals.” 
“What!?” I gasp, appalled. 
“We only kicked the shit out of him a little bit,” Rafe says, holding up two fingers held very close together in front of his face. “Just…a teeny tiny amount.” 
“Rafe!” I shout, grabbing a pillow and hurling it at him. “You shouldn’t have done that – you should have just let dad and the authorities handle it! This could get in the way of the investigation!” 
“I don’t know why you’re surprised,” Jesse calls on his way to the dumbwaiter with a note, blasé. “Did you think we were just going to let him get away with it?” 
“It’s not your job to administer justice!” I shout, throwing out my hands. 
“Well, whatever,” Rafe sighs, completely ignoring my outrage. “We weren’t even the first ones to do it, by the looks of things.”
“What?” I gasp. 
“He had bruises everywhere,” Ben says, nodding and gesturing to his face. “Looks like Luca got to him, used him as a punching bag to practice his left hook.” 
“Luca,” Rafe says, lifting his head and looking at Ben with a frown. “Why would he have done that? It was Jackson, obviously.” 
“Why would Jackson have done it?” Ben asks, frowning back. “He did us enough of a solid carrying Ari across that field and up the mountain. Why would he do more?” 
“Because,” Rafe says, frowning at him, confused. “He’s –“ 
“So!” I shout as I jump to my feet, trying to cause as much disruption as possible as I see that this is getting into dangerous territory that I absolutely do not want to touch. “We’re…we’re packing!? Winter break starts tomorrow? How are we getting back to the Capital?” 
Ben just watches me carefully, but Rafe looks up at me with a frown. “By train, Ari. Why do you never know these things?” 
“Why do you know them?” I ask, putting my hands on my hips and frowning at him. “Seriously, are you getting like, text messages from the rail lines? Updates from mom and dad?” 
“Ari, you know I don’t have my phone back yet –“ 
I’m pleased, honestly, that Rafe and Ben are so sufficiently distracted. But it’s all a waste, because the moment I get Ben talking about his own winter plans – he’s coming to the Palace with us, I’m pleased to hear – a sharp knock comes at the door followed by the sound of it opening. 
I barely – barely! – have time to turn before Jackson is halfway across the room. And I only have a half second to gasp before I’m up in his arms, held close to him as he presses a swift set of kisses
first to my cheek, and then to my lips. “How are you?” he murmurs, staring into my eyes, and I can feel his joy at holding me in his arms again thrumming through him. “How did Chemistry go – did you pass? You passed – of course you passed.” 
His joy and the very physical pleasure of being swept up in his arms would be infectious, irresistible, even…if I wasn’t aware of every eye in the room currently on us. 
“What…” Jesse barks out, and Jackson and I both turn our heads towards him. My mate makes no move to put me down. “What the hell is going on here!?”
###Chapter 0231
Chapter 0231
“Um,” I say, feeling utterly awkward as I look between Ben’s slack jaw and Jesse’s appalled expression. I am suddenly very, very aware of Jackson’s forearm tucked neatly below my ass, holding me up against him, and the way that my leg intuitively curled itself over his hip, like it belongs there. 
Ben’s mouth drops open further as he realizes that this is not a mistake – that I’m not fighting Jackson, demanding that he put me down. 
“Get off of her!” Jesse shouts, starting forward, livid, raising his fist like he’s going to beat the shit out of Jacks. 
Jackson snarls, taking a step away, holding me possessively to him as Rafe stands and jumps between my mate and my cousin. 
“Whoa, whoa, Jess!” Rafe shouts, putting out a hand to stop our cousin in his tracks. “You don’t have all the information here!” Jesse obligingly skitters to a stop, looking between Rafe and me with his mouth open. 
“What are you talking about!?” Jesse shouts, staring at Rafe in shock. “You’re just – you’re okay with this!? What the hell happened out there –“ 
“You didn’t tell them?” Jackson murmurs, turning his face to me with a little frown of confusion. 
“Tell us what?” Ben asks, eager, sitting forward and resting his chin in his palm. His expression has turned from one of shock to delight at the drama unfolding before him. 
“Um,” I reply, going still with awkward fear, having absolutely no idea what to say. 
“No, she didn’t tell them,” Rafe sighs, turning back to Jesse. “Though she should have –“
“What information am I missing here,” Jesse says, speaking fast in his outrage and growing panic. “Because, Rafe, I actually think you’re the one missing some facts – Ariel and Jackson cannot date, she’s already –“ 
“Jesse!” I shout, bursting into action in my panic and wriggling in Jackson’s arms, desperate to get down. “Shut up!” 
“Shut up?” Jesse asks, sufficiently diverted but turning to me now, angry. “What…why do you…Ari!” he shouts, stepping towards me now as Jackson hesitantly lowers me to my feet, but doesn’t let me out of his arms. “What the fuck is going on!” 
Ben just stares between all of us in shock and delight as Rafe sighs, shrugging at me. “It’s time, Ari. You should just let everyone know now – no reason to keep it a secret anymore.” 
I open my mouth, not knowing what to say, feeling that Jackson is looking down at me with love and support in his eyes. 
And then, just at the absolute worst moment possible…a little knock comes at the open door. 
“Hey, guys, did dinner come up yet?” 
We’re all completely silent as we turn to look at Luca, who cheerfully steps into the room and presses the door shut behind him. 
“Is Ari here?” he asks, looking around. 
And then his eyes fall on me, peeking out from Jackson’s other side, my mate’s arm still wrapped around me. Luca’s face falls slack, probably matching mine for shock and pallor. 
Shit shit shit.
How am I not better prepared for this!? 
Luca processes his shock faster than mine, instantly moving into rage. 
“Get your fucking hands,” he snarls, taking a dangerous step forward into the room, his canines lengthening as he levels a murderous glare at Jackson, “off of my fucking mate.” 
“Wait, what?” Rafe snaps, taking an aggressive step towards Luca. 
Jackson snarls in response, releasing me from his embrace only to tuck me protectively behind his back. “She is my mate, Grant,” he growls, and I can feel his rage pulsing through him now at the claim Luca is making on me. 
The claim Jackson doesn’t know that Luca has every right to make. 
“Stop!” I gasp, sensing the perilous edge that both of my mates are teetering on right now, about to tip into violence. I dart to the right, trying to get around Jackson, to meet Luca’s eyes, sending a desperate plea down both of my bonds to stop, to calm, to wait – 
Because both of them, I can tell, are on the brink of shifting. And neither is going to survive it if they tear into each other now. 
“Ariel!” Luca snaps, “get over here!” 
His words are desperate, a plea as much as a command. He’s asking me, publicly, to recognize him – to tell everyone who he is to me, what we are to each other. 
Instinctually my feet move, and I step to Jackson’s side, eager to get between them. Jackson gasps, his hand reaching out, grasping my arm. “Ariel,” he stutters, shocked, “what are you –“
“Get off of her!” Luca roars again, taking another step towards us, his eyes locking on Jackson’s hand wrapped possessively around my arm.
###Chapter 0232
Chapter 0232
“Luca!” Rafe shouts, just as Jesse shouts Jackson’s name, both of them baffled. 
I shake my head at Jacks, begging him to understand as I keep moving forward, as I place myself between my mates. And the moment I step actually between them, holding out a hand, palm out, towards each, begging them to stop – 
I realize that it was a mistake. 
I mean, I don’t know what else I could have done, but it was a mistake. 
Because in that moment, each of my mates sees that I’m not denying the other. Luca’s eyes flash to Jackson’s just as Jackson’s move to his. There’s a brief moment of silence before Jacks releases a horrible, desperate snarl. Luca roars in response before, in a flash, they both shift into their wolves. 
Ben realizes what is happening half a second before everyone else, and he’s the only one to move in time. My friend releases a shout, hurling himself up from the couch and leaping over the coffee table to tackle me to the floor just as the two wolves crash into each other above us. 
And god, the sound they make – 
The crashing roars they release sound unending, so loud in our tight stone room that it feels my eardrums will shatter. Ben wraps an arm around me, pulling me away, back against the stone of the fireplace as I cover my ears with my hands, tears slipping down my cheeks. I try to look, but god, there’s blood – 
And as each of my mate’s emotions rage through me, I’m completely overwhelmed. I no longer have any idea which of my emotions are mine, and which are theirs – I want to scream, and scratch, and bite, and intercede, and stop them, and – 
Somewhere, outside, I feel Ben wrap me up in a tight ball as more noise adds to the fury –
And suddenly, somehow, the feelings change – shock and confusion adding to the anger, and a sudden sense of shame, and restraint – 
I open my eyes, my senses slowly coming back to me, and my face goes still when I see that there are four wolves in front of me now – Rafe’s huge dark wolf snarling as he holds Jackson’s scruff in his mouth, not biting him but a warning growl rumbling deep in his chest. Jesse’s familiar brown wolf stands between Rafe, Jackson, and the fourth wolf, who is a lighter brown – almost blonde – panting and snarling his warning. But then Jesse shifts, his hands out between them. 
“This is done!” Jesse shouts, glaring viciously between Jackson and Luca. “Shift the fuck back! We are getting to the bottom of this, right now!” 
There’s a long pause as we all look around at each other before Jackson shakes himself, just a little, and Rafe loosens his grip on his neck. Luca shifts then, and my eyes go directly to him, groaning when I see his bloody lip, the swelling already starting around his eye. 
I move, wanting to be next to him instantly, to check on his wounds – but Ben tightens his hands on my arms. “You stay…right here…” he murmurs in my ear. “For just a little longer, okay?” 
Realizing that he’s right, I stop, though I can’t stop the whimper in my throat as Luca stares at me, appalled. 
There’s another flash to my right, and when I look I see Jackson getting slowly to his feet. He didn’t come out of it as badly as Luca did, but I see his hand move instantly to his jaw, rubbing it like he’s assessing the damage. 
Rafe shifts a moment later, turning to me in his rage. “Ariel!?” he says, glaring down at me. “Is there something that you want to explain here!?”
“Um,” I say, glancing at Ben, who sighs and releases his grip on me. The two of us get to our feet and I look awkwardly around the room, tears welling in my eyes, not knowing where to begin. I feel so horribly selfish and overwhelmed – because I know I need to tell them – all of them. 
It’s just – I have no idea where to start… 
“Ariel,” Luca says, his voice desperate and heartbroken as he takes a step towards me. A snarl breaks from Jackson and my head whips towards him, but I see Rafe’s hand out in a flash, catching Jackson in the chest. 
“Stop,” Rafe growls, glaring at the other Alpha who only he could probably hold back. “Let them talk.” 
I turn my head back to Luca, who is just staring at me, crushed. “Why…Ariel, why is he saying that he’s your mate?” 
“Because,” I whisper, locking my eye with his. “Because, Luca…he is.”
###Chapter 0233
Chapter 0233
The room is silent for a long moment and I’m shocked when it’s Jesse’s voice that breaks it. 
“Whaaat the fuckkk,” Jesse groans, turning in a tight circle and covering his face with his hands before dragging them down over his features and turning to glare at me, just as Rafe is. 
The room explodes again into noise, everyone shouting at once, except for Jackson, who just stares at me, wary. 
“Stop, stop!” I shout, putting my hands out again as tears slip from my eyes, my voice shaking. “Everyone shut up!” 
To my surprise, all of the Alphas comply, going still and letting me speak. 
I turn my head to look at Luca for a long moment, taking in every devastated line of his face, the shock and the heartbreak, all of which pulses down our bond as well, threatening to take me out at the knees. “Jackson is my mate,” I say quietly, solidly, claiming him. Dread fills me now, and I know that it’s only half mine as I turn to Jackson, seeing it on his face too. 
Because he senses what’s coming. 
“But so is Luca,” I continue, my voice hitching, my heart breaking as I look into Jackson’s eyes. Because I know – I know what it meant to Jackson to find me, to have me. 
And I know what it’s going to mean to find out that I’m not his. Or at least, not his alone. 
“You’re both my fated mates,” I whisper, wanting to be perfectly clear as I send all the love I can down both of my bonds to each of them, hoping to communicate how much I want them, how each of them is precious to me. “The Goddess…she gave me two mates. She gave me both of you.”
Silence again, for a long moment, before Jackson breaks it with a long moan that tears my heart to pieces. Because my stoic mate – if he’d had any choice at all in the matter, he’d never have made a sound, never have let anyone know how he feels. But this – he couldn’t help it. 
A terrible sob rips from me as I watch Jackson turn away to face the wall, watch him cover his face with his hand, watch his shoulders shake as he tries to process everything. And the grief that ripples off of him in a wave – I stumble back a step, and only Ben reaching out to take me by the shoulders, to steady me, stops me from falling to the floor. 
But that’s not the end of it. God, crap, it’s just the beginning. 
“Are you fucking kidding me, Ariel!?” Luca gasps, stepping forward towards me, mad as hell. Jesse steps forward too, ready to intercede, but I put up a hand towards him. Because Luca’s my mate – there’s no way he’d consciously hurt me, and he has every right to be livid with me right now. 
“I’m sorry,” I whisper, shaking my head as I look up into his eyes. “I didn’t know…how to tell you. Either of you. It was all so new – and everyone thought I was a boy –“ 
“Wait,” Rafe says, and from the corner of my eye I see him step towards us, “this is…this is real? Luca is her mate? I thought Jackson -” 
“Jackson is her mate!?” Jesse counters, turning towards him, and the two begin a hurried, angry conversation, comparing notes. 
I keep my eyes focused on Luca in front of me, even though half my heart is with Jackson across the room, who I can tell is…well, having a little bit of a breakdown. I hear footsteps behind me moving in his direction, and I know instinctually that it’s Ben, being the good person that he is and going to stand with him.
“Ariel,” Luca says again, softer now, still angry but staring at me with his own grief written clear on his face as he reaches out and takes my face in his hands. “You…you picked him? You claimed him? As your mate?” 
“No,” I say, shaking my head and wrapping my hands around his wrists. “Luca, I didn’t do this – the Goddess did – she…god, this is going to sound so weird, but she’s my grandmother –“
###Chapter 0234
Chapter 0234
“What?” he sputters, disbelieving. 
“It’s true, but it’s not important – but she picked Jackson, she picked both of you for me –“ 
“That’s fucking impossible!” Luca yells, dropping his hands from my face and throwing them out to the side. “You get one mate – one – I don’t know who told you that you could have two, but they were lying, Ariel!” 
“Actually,” Jesse snaps, pausing his angry conversation with Rafe to turn to us. Luca’s eyes move instantly to him. “It’s not impossible. Their dad had two fated mates.” Jesse points between Rafe and me. “So,” he shrugs. “Family precedent. And all that.” 
“Wait, what?” Rafe sputters, grabbing Jesse’s arm and making him face him. The two begin to speak again in hushed tones as Luca stares at them for a second before he shakes his head to clear it, turning back to me. 
“Listen, if it’s real – and he just hasn’t tricked you into believing he’s your mate or something,” Luca shouts, “I don’t even care how it happened! But you have to end it, Ari! Just reject him!” 
My eyes go wide, horrified at the suggestion. 
Luca sees my reaction and his jaw drops. “You…you’re not going to reject him!?” 
“Luca, no –“ 
He groans, turning away from me like he can’t bear to look at me anymore, his whole body starting to tremble with the insane mix of emotions coursing through him right now. 
“Luca, I can’t –“
“You can, Ariel!” he shouts, turning on me and clenching a fist between us – not violent, but determined. “I don’t know what the fuck is going on here, but you and me!? We’re meant to be together! I don’t care who the fuck that guy is, or what some Goddess said, you are my mate,” he pounds his fist against his chest now with the words as his voice cracks, and tears start to slip down my cheeks as I feel every inch of how much he means them. 
I shake my head, not knowing what to say as I press my hands to my heart. “I am your mate, Luca –“ 
“Don’t you get it?” Luca says, softer now, coming close again, staring down at me desperate and devastated. “Don’t you get how shatteringly in love with you I am? Ariel…” he shakes his head, wrapping a gentle hand around my neck and pulling me closer to him. “I am yours, and you are mine, and that is the end of it. The end of everything – of the entire fucking universe -” 
And then his hand tightens, pulling me closer so that he can kiss me. His lips move on mine like a promise, like everything is complete. 
And my heart breaks, because as much as half of me sings to hear him say it – that he loves me, beyond just being mated to me – 
The other half of my heart is storming towards the door now, devastated. 
I pull my face from Luca’s, a little cry on my lips as I watch Jackson tear open the door, watch him move swiftly through it. I move instantly towards him, needing to catch him, needing to explain – 
But Luca grabs my arm. “Are you kidding me!?” he shouts, appalled. “Ariel! Do not go after him!” 
“Luca!” I shout back, gesturing towards the door. “He’s my –“ 
“Your fucking mate,” Luca groans, dropping my arm and lifting his hands to knot them in his hair, at the end of his patience, maybe even his sanity. I stare at him, wanting to go to him as well, to
explain further – because he needs so much information, and he deserves it, I know that now – 
But… 
My eyes move again to the door, wanting to follow Jacks too because he deserves the very same thing. And as much as Luca is throwing a fit right now – not that I blame him, it’s a very well- deserved fit - I know that Jackson is taking this harder. 
To Jackson, I was the one good thing in this world.
###Chapter 0235
Chapter 0235
And now he thinks he’s lost me. 
And he’s just…gone. 
“Stay here, Ariel,” Jesse says, and I jump when I realize that he’s standing at my side. “I’ll go after Jacks. Just…stay in the room, all right?” 
“Jesse,” I murmur, reaching for him, apology all over my face. 
“It’s fine,” my good cousin says, taking my hand and giving it a little squeeze. “I mean, it’s not fine, but…” he sighs, shaking his head. “We’re fine, all right? Deal with your drama, I’ll be back when I can.” 
And with that, my cousin storms off after my mate. 
I turn back to Luca, who I’m surprised to see standing staring at me in a newly determined way, his hands on his hips. “I’m not doing this,” he says, shaking his head, his voice set. “End things with him, Ariel – I’m not…I can’t do this. I love you too damn much to share you with that jackass.” 
Luca tears his eyes from me like he can’t bear to look at me anymore and strides for the door, yanking it open and likewise starting down the hall. I stare after him with my jaw open – not because what he said is really that surprising or even unfair… 
I just… 
God, what the fuck just happened? How did the entire world just explode within the last five minutes – all my carefully veiled secrets, ripped open at once… 
“I’ll take care of that one,” Rafe says, sending me a glance as he, too, strides for the door. “But don’t even think that we’re done talking about this, Ariel.”
I don’t say anything, just watching in shock as Rafe, too, passes through the door and slams it shut behind him. 
And then the room is…absolutely silent. Stupidly silent, after everything that just happened. 
God, what the hell, they transformed into their wolves for heaven’s sake – they fought each other… 
And now I’m just standing here in silence. With Ben. 
I almost leap out of my skin when the dumbwaiter’s absurdly cheerful bell sounds, but I don’t even turn to watch as Ben quietly moves to the dumbwaiter and takes something out. Instead, I just stand and stare into space, trying to put the shards of my reality back together. 
They know. My mates know – after months of keeping it secret… 
Now they just…know. 
From the corner of my eye I see Ben carry whatever he took from the dumbwaiter quietly to the coffee table, but I don’t pay attention to it. I barely notice, still staring at the door, when he takes me by the shoulders, and guides me over to the couch, and sits me down, and lays the green blanket over my knees, and puts a fork in my hand. 
I only start to come back to the present moment as Ben lifts a knife to cut the ridiculous chocolate cake in front of us that reads “Congratulations!” 
I sit in perfect silence, holding my fork, as Ben lifts a slice and puts it on a plate, sighing as he holds it out to me. 
“Come on, Princess,” he murmurs. “You need this.” 
I stare at Ben, blank, as I take the cake from his hand and settle the plate on my lap.
“If it helps at all,” Ben murmurs as he cuts another slice and leans back onto the couch with it, scooping up a forkful and lifting it to his mouth. “I’m gay and in love with your brother.” 
I quietly watch as Ben takes a bite of the thick cake, chews it and swallows. 
“Yeah,” I sigh, turning to look down at my plate as I cut off the corner of my cake with the edge of my fork and lift it to my lips. “I kind of figured.” 
Ben just huffs a little laugh, taking another bite.
###Chapter 0236
Chapter 0236
“Jacks!” 
Jackson hears his name called behind him, but he doesn’t register it, or doesn’t care. Instead, he just continues to stride forward in the dark, not really knowing where he’s going, just needing to get…out. Get away. Disappear into the night, into the wilds, into…whatever. 
Any place but that castle. 
Any place but here. 
“Jacks! You asshole!” the voice comes again, closer this time, and Jackson’s instincts make him pay attention to it, his wolf turning inside him to growl at whatever’s coming. “Slow down! I know you can hear me!” 
Jackson moves on, determined, but inside him his wolf turns again, raising his nose a little, a whine in his throat. Jackson pushes him away, but the wolf persists, pressing his snout into Jackson’s hand. Come on, the wolf says, listen. It’s Jesse. We like Jesse. 
Jackson is the one growling now, insisting that he doesn’t like anyone, but his wolf just nuzzles against his hand, sad, not wanting to run anymore. So Jackson sighs, and slows, and turns when Jesse’s footsteps come near. 
“What the hell man,” Jesse says, bending over and panting a little, “I’ve been chasing you for like, twenty minutes!” 
“Should have been faster,” Jackson mutters, shrugging and looking away, shoving his hands deep into his pockets. 
“Don’t be a dick,” Jesse growls. “I’m trying to be nice to you, the least you could do is let me.”
“Nice to me?” Jackson huffs, turning to glare at Jesse a little. “Do you seriously think that’s going to fix anything?” 
“Yeah, Jacks,” Jesse says, standing up straight and crossing his arms, “I think that being nice to you is just going to make Ariel magically not have a second mate. Obviously, that’s what I think.” 
Jackson narrows his eyes. “You’re being a jerk, Jesse,” he growls, turning to walk away again. 
“Jacks!” Jesse groans, and Jackson tugs his arm out of Jesse’s grasp when Jesse grabs it. “Don’t you get it!? I am being nice to you! This is what people do!” 
“What?” Jackson asks, still walking but turning towards the slightly smaller Alpha to glare at him. “Do what? You’re not doing anything – you’re just bothering me –“ 
“Exactly!” Jesse exclaims, keeping pace with Jackson’s long stride. “That’s what people do! People who care about each other! When something shitty happens, you show up, and you’re just there!” 
“That doesn’t do anything,” Jackson grumbles, discontent – but honestly, nothing, really, would work for him right now. Nothing can make this better – nothing will make this better. 
Ariel – Ari – his mate. But she’s not really his, is she? He’d thought he’d had her, he’d thought – for a blissful couple of days that she was his. That everything was going to be okay. That for once he had…like, a shot at this life, at this thing they call happiness. 
But he never really had it, did he? 
No, it was all an illusion. Because she was lying the whole time. 
“Jackson,” Jesse sighs, grabbing his arm again and making him stop.
Or, well, Jackson agrees to stop – because Jesse…he’s not big enough to actually stop him. But they pause anyway, on the top of a hill, darkness all around. And Jackson hangs his head as he waits, because…well, where is there to go, anyway? 
“This is me trying to do something, all right?” Jesse says, his voice softer now, his hand gentle on Jackson’s arm. “Something shitty happens, and even though they can’t do anything about it, the people who care about you show up. And they hang around. So, please stop walking away from me and let me do that for you!” 
“Why?” Jackson growls, not getting it. 
“To just be there!” Jesse exclaims, throwing out his hands. “To show you that I care, that you’re not alone! To…stop you from throwing yourself into a ditch, or whatever!” Jesse pauses, staring at Jackson, waiting for him to respond, but Jackson just stands perfectly still, staring at him. “Or to throw you into a ditch, if you keep being an asshole about it.” 
At this, Jackson huffs a laugh. 
“So would you stop running away?” Jesse mutters, crossing his arms now, a little cold in the night air now that he’s not running around after the big devastated Alpha. “I’m trying to…be here for you.” 
“Fine,” Jackson says with a shrug. There’s a long moment of silence. “So, what do we do now?” 
“Whatever you want,” Jesse murmurs. “Walk. Sit. Just…exist, if you want to. Or you could…talk to me about it.” 
Jackson stares at Jesse like he’s insane if he thinks that’s going to happen, and to his surprise Jesse bursts out laughing, taking a step forward and clapping a hand on Jackson’s shoulder. “Jacks, seriously, I need you to tell me…did you grow up under a bridge or something? Why don’t you know how to let someone comfort you?”
And Jackson sighs, a long, deep breath, and just looks down at the ground. 
And Jesse sighs with him, realizing that…well, that the answer is because nobody ever has comforted him. And Jesse’s heart, like Ariel’s, absolutely breaks for this guy. 
“Come on, you weirdo,” Jesse murmurs, pushing on Jackson’s shoulder warmly and turning him a bit. “Let’s do a little walk. You don’t have to say a damn word to me. I’ll just…be here.”
###Chapter 0237
Chapter 0237
Jackson nods, and to Jesse’s surprise, lets him walk by his side. 
They walk for a long time. Jackson is surprised, after a while, at how quiet and stoic Jesse is. Jesse doesn’t sigh or moan that he’s bored, like Jackson thought he would. He doesn’t complain, or fuss, or anything. He just walks quietly at Jackson’s side as they circle the castle, losing themselves in the woods and then along the cliffs that border the northern edge, that overlook the candidate barracks below. 
When Jackson pauses at the edge of the cliff, looking far, far north, peering into the dark, Jesse clears his throat. 
Jackson scowls, looking over at him. “I thought you said we could not talk?” 
“Listen, I tried,” Jesse says, bursting into a grin. “You called my bluff on this one, Jacks. That is the longest I’ve ever been quiet in my entire life.” 
“And wasn’t it nice?” 
“It was horrible,” Jesse groans, tilting his head back. And Jackson can’t help but smile, because Ariel does that too when she’s being dramatic. 
It’s a lot less cute when Jesse does it…but he smiles anyway. 
“So,” Jesse says, looking north in the same way Jackson does, into the dark. “I’ve been thinking about it, Jacks, and I gotta say…I’m kind of disappointed in you.” 
“What?” Jackson seethes, turning on this guy who just professed to want to help him. 
Jesse doesn’t flinch, just continues looking north. “I mean, is it really all that bad?”
Jackson groans, lifting his hands to his face and pressing the heels of his palms lightly against his closed eyes. “Unbelievable,” he mutters, starting to get pissed for real. 
“No, but seriously,” Jesse says, “think about it this way. What is so good about being mated to my stupid shrimp cousin, anyway? I mean, she’s not that great.” 
Jackson drops his hands, gaping at Jesse, “She’s not a stupid shrimp, Jesse,” he bites out, furious. “She’s amazing, that’s what was so great about it! She’s smart, and she’s funny, and she’s nice – and she’s beautiful – and she…she gets me! She’s pretty much the only person in the entire world who gets me. And she’s brave, and I like being around her, even though I hate everyone else – you included!” 
“See?” Jesse says, breaking into a grin and pointing a finger at Jackson’s chest. “That was a test, and you passed. Ari is all those things, and if you didn’t recognize how amazing she is I wouldn’t let you date her.” 
Jackson’s mouth drops open. “You can’t…not let me date her.” 
“Yes I can,” Jesse mutters, waving a dismissive hand, “I can do anything, I’m a Duke. But that’s not important. What is important is that you recognize how great it is that you get Ariel as your mate – you’re the luckiest bastard to ever walk to earth, to have had the Goddess tie her to you. Now.” Jesse nods, moving on like they’re figuring out a math problem. “What’s so bad about sharing her with Luca?” 
Jackson pauses, looking for the trick in Jesse’s question. 
But even as he looks for it, he knows what the answer is. He stays quiet, not wanting to say it. 
“May I venture a guess, as I suspect you ran through your daily quota of words with your last answer?”
Jackson just scowls at him. 
“No, you’re right, your weekly quota,” Jesse says, nodding and clapping a hand again on Jackson’s shoulder. “Jacks, what sucks about it is that you have to share her. With Luca, of all damn people. But having to share her – does that mean you lose any of the good things?” 
Jackson takes a long moment before he sighs, looking down at the ground. “No,” he murmurs, rueful, “I don’t lose any of the good things just because he’s her mate too. But I…I might lose… her…” 
God, the thought of it. Tears prick at Jackson’s eyes again, and he grits his teeth against them, getting sick of all this damn crying. What the hell is with that, anyway? He never cried this much in his life, and now he’s mated for three days and spends half the time wiping salt water off his cheeks. 
Jesse, to his credit, pretends not to notice Jackson’s manly sniff, the way he brushes beneath his eyes with his wrists. Instead, Jesse pretends to look at a particularly interesting star for precisely as long as it takes for Jackson to pull himself back together. 
“I get it, Jacks, I really do,” Jesse says, quiet, still not looking at Jackson. “The idea of losing her… it’s probably killing you. But there’s no faster way to lose her than to storm out of rooms and let Luca have all the time he wants with her. Luca is charming as hell, man. He’s going to wrap Ari around his finger without you there to stop him.” 
Jackson’s jaw drops as he stares first at Jesse and then up at the castle, realizing that Jesse is right. 
“I know you’re scared you’re going to lose her,” Jesse says quietly, “but Jackson - you’re acting like you already have. If that’s your girl, Jacks? Then go and get your girl. Don’t let Luca take her. But also, why are you so afraid that Luca’s going to get her, anyway!?”
###Chapter 0238
Chapter 0238
“Because!” Jackson bursts out, tossing out his hands. “It’s Luca fucking Grant, Jesse! Even I had heard of him, and I haven’t heard of anyone! And he’s…he’s good with women! And he can talk to her, and make her laugh! And he’s like…good looking, or whatever! How the hell am I supposed to compete with that!?” 
Jesse stares at Jackson for a long moment before a slow grin starts on his face. 
Jackson scowls, hating him a little bit. “What?” he snaps. “What are you smiling about? Are you laughing at me? Seriously!?” 
“I’m not laughing at you, Jacks,” Jesse says, shaking his head but continuing to smile. “It’s just – you have no idea what you have going on, do you? This bridge you grew up under, did it not have a mirror?” 
Jackson just stares at Jesse for a long moment before he cocks his head. Because…was that a… compliment? Hidden beneath all of those insults? 
“Listen,” Jesse says, reaching an arm around Jackson’s shoulders and pulling him close like he’s sharing a deep secret, “I’m going to speak plainly, so pay attention - because this doesn’t happen often. But Jackson – women like you.” 
“How can women like me - I don’t know any women –“ 
“Fine,” Jesse says, grinning, clearly enjoying himself. “When you get to the Capital, and you hang out with all of the girls we’re going to introduce you to? They’re going to like you. Like, a lot – in a romance kind of way. They’re going to like you as much as they like Luca, or more. But none of that matters, because Ariel really likes you, man! Despite all the odds, and in a way that I truly do not get – you make her laugh, just as much as Luca does!”
Jackson lifts his eyes just a little, remembering that they did laugh a lot that night during the Examination, remembering how good it felt to make her laugh. Jesse’s grin deepens. 
“Luca Grant doesn’t have anything you don’t,” Jesse continues. “Okay? So…stop acting like it’s a done deal. I had to stop Ariel from chasing you out of that room tonight and leaving Luca Grant behind. That is…not insignificant, Jacks. And it’s the only thing you need to be concentrating on right now.” 
Jackson turns his head slowly to look back into Jesse’s face, shocked at the weird wisdom of this guy who always seems so flippant, so easy. 
How…how does he know precisely the right thing to say? 
“I’m here for you, man,” Jesse says, tightening his arm and giving Jackson’s shoulders a squeeze. “I’ll even give you a pep talk every day, if you want it.” 
“Why?” Jackson asks, baffled about why Jesse is being so damn nice to him right now. 
“Because I like you, you idiot!” Jesse laughs, punching Jackson on his arm in playful frustration. “Because you’re my friend, even if you don’t yet realize that I’m yours!” 
“Wait, but like…why?” Jackson asks, smiling a little more and shaking his head. “Why do you like me?” 
“Oh my god,” Jesse groans, laughing more and dropping his arm from Jackson’s shoulders. “Jacks…you seriously need some therapy. I like you because you’re a good guy, and you’re interesting, and you’re…well, you’re so weird that you make me laugh even when you don’t mean to. And also because you’re obsessed with my cousin, who I also like. And because we have the same stupid hobbies of running around and punching things. Why wouldn’t I like you?”
“So, you don’t just…like me because I’m Ariel’s mate?” Jackson’s voice is so hesitant that it breaks Jesse’s heart again. 
“No, I’d probably like you more if you weren’t,” Jesse murmurs with a smirk, working hard to hide his impulse to wrap Jackson in a bear hug. “Because now I have to worry about walking in on you guys making out and stuff, which is…not ideal for a friendship.” 
Jackson laughs, he can’t help it, and then he nods once, decided. Then, to Jesse’s shock, he starts to stride away, a new confidence in the set of his shoulders. 
“Wait!” Jesse calls after him, hurrying to catch up. “Where the hell are you going!?” 
“I’m going…” Jackson hesitates, looking between Jesse and the castle, “I’m going back, Jess, to get my girl! Like you just told me to!” 
“Oh my god, you weird foundling, don’t do that now – you’ll look desperate!” 
“What!?” 
“You’ve got to let her sweat a bit!” 
“Whatttt the hell,” Jackson moans, covering his face with his hands for what feels like the thousandth time that night. “Why am I supposed to make her wait!?” 
“Because, Jacks,” Jesse says, slipping an arm around his shoulders again and making him slow his pace to the castle. “Ariel did you dirty over the past few months, you need to let her feel a little guilty about it, even if just for a night! If you just barge in there and tell her it’s all okay, then she’ll get the impression that she can do that whenever she wants.”
###Chapter 0239
Chapter 0239
“How do you know this shit,” Jackson mutters, shaking his head, letting himself be led. 
“You handle kicking the shit out of the bad guys,” Jesse says, giving Jackson a broad grin. “I’ll handle the girls. Besides, Rafe and I reserve the right to yell at Ariel tonight. We’ve known her longer, we get first dibs. You come to breakfast at our place tomorrow before the train leaves – really give her a piece of your mind then.” 
“If you say so,” Jackson sighs, his eyes moving upwards to the window he knows is hers – or, at least, the one closest to the nook in which she sleeps. There’s still a light on, which means she’s still up. 
“Trust me, Jacks,” Jesse says, giving him a little squeeze, “I wouldn’t do you dirty. We’re friends now, after all. Best friends.” 
“Don’t push it,” Jackson grumbles. But as the pair walk back into the castle Jackson has to admit… the whole friendship thing, it does have its perks. Even if it involves a lot more talking than he’d prefer. 
“So, how’d you know?” Ben murmurs, sitting at the other end of the couch while I stretch my legs between us. He digs into his half-eaten third slice of cake with abandon. 
“Benny, my love,” I sigh, lifting another forkful of chocolate icing to my mouth – 
“You’d better be careful with that word –“ Ben says, pointing his fork at me with a wink. “Men have been beaten tonight for expressing lesser sentiments –“ 
“Oh, shut up,” I murmur, rolling my eyes and kicking him, which just makes him laugh. Ben - he’s really been an angel over the past hour or so, cajoling and teasing and being sweet to me by turns,
all in the effort to get me back to myself, to make me realize that no permanent damage has been done. After all, all I did was tell the truth. 
In…absolutely the most disastrous way possible. 
Because I didn’t even tell the truth – I was so much of a coward that I couldn’t even tell my mates the reality of our situation – I had to wait for them to just stumble upon it. God, what the hell is wrong with me – 
“Don’t go there,” Ben murmurs, leaning back against the arm of the couch now, as Luca so often does, and tapping my foot with his fork. “You’re betraying the cake, and the insane piece of gossip I just handed you, if you just…ignore it and delve into your despair. Honestly, Ariel, I gave you my best distraction. Sooo? How’d you know?” 
“Because,” I sigh. “You laugh at all of Rafe’s jokes, Ben, and he’s not that funny.” 
Ben goes still and then bursts out laughing. “Yes, he is!” 
“No,” I say, smiling and shaking my head at him. “You’re just listening to him with your love earmuffs on. My mom does it to my dad, from whom Rafe gets his sense of humor.” 
“Man,” Ben says, hanging his head back, shaking it. “Both of our greatest secrets, which we thought we were doing such a good job of keeping to ourselves, revealed by our laughter…what are the chances of that.” 
I grin at him, but then I lean forward and cock my head. “Benny,” I say, and he lifts his head to smile at me. “Why did you keep it a secret? I mean, you know that I’d never judge you for it, right? And I have no idea if Rafe or Jesse knows, but I know they wouldn’t care –“ 
“Even if they wouldn’t care, Ari,” Ben murmurs, smirking a little as he pushes his cake around with a fork, “it would…change things, between us.”
“Do you think so?” I murmur, curious, and pleased to be distracted from my own drama, even if just for a minute. 
“Yeah, I think it would be different,” Ben says, definite. “I mean…Rafe. He’s not interested in…” 
“I don’t know,” I say honestly, raising my eyes to Ben’s face even though he doesn’t look up. “We’ve never talked about whether or not he swings both ways. Though, Ben, I…I don’t think so. Of course, I could be wrong, but…” 
“Nah,” Ben says, flicking his eyes up to mine with a little smile. “That’s my impression too. Looks like you got all the luck, huh? Two gorgeous men for you, me…nothing.” 
“Benny,” I murmur, leaning forward and rubbing a hand across his knee. “If you…try to pretend you’re jealous of me right now…I’m going to kill you.” 
Ben’s face just lights up with a smirk.
###Chapter 0240
Chapter 0240
“One, Ariel Sinclair,” Ben says, laughing, “if you tried to kill me, I could take you.” 
I laugh too, grinning at him. 
“And two,” he continues, and my face falls along with his as real sorrow appears in his eyes, “if you’re asking me if I’m jealous of you having two of the most eligible men in the nation so upset that you’re not singularly in love with them that they’re ready to kill each other?” He leans forward, a bit intent, a bit sorrowful. “Yeah, babe. I’m jealous.” 
“Oh, Ben,” I murmur, setting my plate of cake aside on the coffee table and leaning forward to him, reaching out. “It will be all right – it will all –“ 
“It won’t, though, will it?” Ben murmurs, taking my hand and looking down at his knees as he squeezes it, sweet and sorrowful and hopeless. “Not if I…if I want him…” 
I squeeze his hand back, not knowing what to say, but the door opens and we both turn to it, both of us sighing to see an exhausted Rafe walk through. 
“What is this,” Rafe murmurs, his eyes flicking over my hand held in Ben’s, the half-eaten chocolate cake on the coffee table. Ben and I…we really didn’t go easy on it, did we? “A third mate?” 
“If only I were so lucky,” Ben sighs, standing up and then bending over to give me a fond kiss on the cheek. 
“Thank you, Benji,” I murmur, looking up at him with true gratitude, not yet letting go of his hand just yet. “For being so nice to me.” 
“Anytime, Princess,” he murmurs, patting my cheek and then standing up straight, looking up at Rafe, the man he loves. “I take it my presence is no longer required?”
“Unfortunately for her,” Rafe murmurs, patting Ben on the shoulder with true gratitude, “we need some family time for the next couple of hours.” 
“Hours!?” I exclaim, appalled. 
“Oh, hours,” Jesse, says, coming silently through the door in a way that would impress an Espionage cadet. “Absolute hours, baby trouble.” 
And so Ben makes his way towards the door, preparing to leave us alone. 
“Come to breakfast, Ben!” I call after him, knowing that the morning meal will be served in rooms tomorrow instead of the Hall so that we all have time to pack. Neither Rafe or Jesse counter me, but after the door clicks shut, my cousin and my brother level their glares evenly on my face. 
And I know that I’m in for it now. 
“Oh, sit down, you big idiots,” I grumble, shoving myself into the corner of the couch and making plenty of room for them. “Eat some cake while you yell at me. It’s really good.” 
Jesse, taking me very seriously, cuts himself a slice and sits neatly across the couch from me in Luca’s usual spot that Ben just vacated. “And aren’t you interested, young lady? In the status of your mate, after I spend so much time consoling him just now?” 
“Of course I’m interested, Jesse,” I bite out, getting angry at him for teasing me when he knows I’m obviously dying to know how he left Jackson. “Don’t mess around with it.” 
“And which mate would you like an update on first?” Rafe asks, all innocence, curling his legs beneath him and sitting on the floor next to the couch as he reaches for the cake that Jesse slices, puts on a plate, and holds out to him. On the surface Rafe’s being glib, but beneath… 
Beneath it all? I can tell he’s mad. Really, really mad.
I sigh, not answering my brother, knowing that it was a rhetorical question anyway. And also, that they wouldn’t have come back to the room if Luca and Jackson weren’t relatively fine. 
“Why didn’t you tell us, Ariel?” Rafe asks, more serious now as he looks down at his plate and shakes his head. “You know we would have supported you –“ 
“That’s a lie, Rafe,” I snap, a little angry myself now – because it’s not like I did this out of complete selfishness. It’s not like I didn’t have my reasons. “You would immediately have sent me back to the Palace if I told you on the first day that I had two mates in the barracks.” 
Rafe looks up at me and turns his head, considering this for a second. “All right,” he says. “Touche, Princess, I absolutely would have. But to let it get to this? To get to here? I mean, fuck, Ariel, you introduced Jackson to our parents as your mate two days ago –“ 
“Which was not a lie!” I protest. 
“You did?” Jesse gasps, leaning forward and staring at me. “Ohhh, Luca’s going to be pissed…” 
“I introduced Luca too,” I mutter, glaring at him over my cake. “To mom.” 
“Oh, so mom knows!?” Rafe asks, turning wide eyes up at me. 
“Yeah, mom knows,” I sigh, listening to their forks placidly scraping their plates. “She’s going to tell dad before we get home.” I hesitate for a second, not knowing whether I should ask. “So, are you guys like…mad at me?” 
“Yup,” Jesse answers immediately. 
“Ariel,” Rafe sighs, and I turn my eyes to him. “I just spent an hour consoling your devastated mate. Luca is wrecked over this – and I’m not trying to discount Jacksons’ feelings in this, or yours, but fuck, girl –“ he shakes his head. “Seriously? You couldn’t have told us, Jesse and me, so that we
could be there for you? Help you figure out how to break it to them? So that we could be prepared for this and not have to shift into our wolves and tear ourselves to pieces to defend you? I mean, Luca is really messed up –“
###Chapter 0241
Chapter 0241
My lip starts to tremble as I listen, tears again stinging my eyes, but Jesse leans forward. 
“Rafe,” he murmurs, glancing between us. “Slow down a little, man. I mean, if we’re aware of what they’re feeling, then she’s aware of it double – she can feel it all down their bonds. And that, on top of her own feelings?” He shakes his head, holding Rafe’s gaze, willing him to listen. 
Rafe takes a deep breath and sighs, pushing his cake around on his plate, clearly thinking it through. In the end, though, he looks up at me. “Can you seriously feel everything they feel?” 
“Not everything,” I murmur, my voice tight as I look down at my plate. “Not unless the emotion is really intense, or they send it to me deliberately. And not…across great distances. Only when they’re nearby, or in the room. Like I can’t feel them now.” 
“Weird,” he murmurs, quietly eating his cake as he puts his thoughts together for a second. Jesse does the same. 
After a long moment, Rafe breaks the silence. 
“I just wish, Ariel,” he murmurs, truly hurt, “that you’d trusted me enough to let me know. I’d have told you, after all.” 
My nose starts to sting at the true sadness and hurt in his voice, and then my throat gets tight. I blink fast, not wanting to cry, because I know that they have every right to be mad at me, but… 
Well, the tears start to fall down my cheeks anyway. 
“Aw, come on Ari, don’t do that,” Jesse murmurs, leaning forward and putting a warm hand on my knee. “We can’t yell at you if you’re crying, and we’re not anywhere near finished.”
“I know,” I murmur, brushing frustratedly at my cheeks with the side of one hand. “I’m sorry, I’m really sorry –“ 
“No, I’m sorry,” my brother murmurs, setting his plate on the coffee table and getting to his knees as he reaches for me, wrapping his arms around my body and pulling me into his lap. “I’m sorry, sis. I’m fucking livid with you but – god, fuck, I’m sorry you bore this alone. I’m sorry – I wish you’d have let me be there for you.” 
I cry harder, letting myself be overwhelmed by my grief and confusion, knowing he’ll see me through it. Knowing he’s strong enough for that. 
“Oh, let her go, Rafe,” Jesse murmurs, scootching closer and reaching out to put his his own plate on the coffee table, laying himself down on the couch so that all of our heads are very close together, so that we can talk and hear each other in barely more than a whisper, if we so choose. “We can’t get all the gossip if she’s crying like that.” 
“The gossip?” I ask, wiping my away all my tears, kind of appalled. 
“Oh, all the gossip,” Jesse murmurs, yawning and turning his head to grin at me. “Jackson’s fine, by the way, thanks to yours truly. Going to show up here to breakfast tomorrow, newly determined to try for your hand. In exchange for your genuine gratitude, my love…I will accept the whole damn story. Right now.” 
“Same,” Rafe says, giving me a solemn nod. “Luca’s pissed as hell, and while…well, while he’s not precisely prepared to grovel for you…he’ll be here in the morning. So, madam trouble? The floor is yours.” 
And so, with a sigh, I unfold myself from Rafe’s arms and sit on the floor next to him, beginning to tell them the whole story.
“Well,” Rafe says, about an hour later, his eyebrows raised. “Actually, in retrospect, I’m glad I didn’t know any of this. I would much rather have broken up one wolf fight after finals than have had to worry about this the whole term.” 
“Such empathy in my big brother,” I say, lowering my eyelids into a half-hearted glare and reaching out my fingertips to give him a shove. 
Rafe grins at me, chuckling a little, as Jesse lays on the couch next to us, staring at the ceiling, his head cushioned on a pillow. 
“Honestly, Ari,” my cousin says, his voice more thoughtful than it usually is, “laid out like that I’m not sure you could have done it very differently. The only place you really seem to have fucked up was when you didn’t plan this evening – you just let both of them show up here, expecting dinner. It was a powder keg, ready to explode, but the rest of it?” My eyes are wide as I watch him shrug, desperate to know what he’ll say next.
###Chapter 0242
Chapter 0242
“Yeah,” Jesse says, considering, assessing. “Yeah, Ari, with all of it - I think you did as well as you could.” 
“Really?” I ask, kind of shocked. 
“Yeah, I agree,” Rafe says with a sigh. I turn my eyes to him. “I mean, you had to get to know them first to know if you even wanted to tell them you were their mate. And then you certainly couldn’t have told one before the other. And if you had told me, I definitely would have gone running off to mom and then dad would have pulled you out of school. The way you handled this was messy but…” he shrugs again. “I get it.” 
“Oh god,” I mutter, putting my face into my tired hands with a shaky sigh. “That…that makes me feel so much better.” 
“Maybe you could have used the dreamscape,” Jesse murmurs thoughtfully, “and pulled them both in. And then they couldn’t have hurt each other physically, just their dream bodies…” 
“Well, in retrospect,” I say, crossing my arms and giving him a little glare, “sure, that sounds great, Jess.” 
“For your next mate,” he says, waving a flippant hand. “Now you know.” 
I smirk at him, but turn my head back to Rafe when he speaks next. 
“Tomorrow’s going to be hard, Ari,” he says, peering at me thoughtfully. “They’re going to…they’re going to really lay into you for this. And I do think you owe them apologies and explanations but…I don’t think you should let them make you feel too horrible about it.” 
“Really?” I ask as Jesse turns, propping himself up on his elbow to hear what Rafe has to say.
“Yeah,” Rafe says, nodding seriously as he looks between us. “I mean, you’re not just some mean girl who is dating two guys and not telling them about it. You didn’t pick this – you didn’t even pick them! The Goddess gave you these mates, and I think it’s pretty clear that she wanted you to have them both at once.” 
I perk up a little to hear it said this way. 
“That makes sense,” Jesse says, nodding as well. “The Goddess put all three of you on this road together, and just because Luca and Jackson don’t like it doesn’t make it your fault. You have to remind them of that, Ari – and if they give you any shit about it, then we’ll remind them too.” He raises his fist, smacking it against his other palm with a smirk, letting me know precisely how he intends to remind them. 
“Yeah, don’t let them push you around,” Rafe says, frowning now at the idea. “Luca, especially, is going to try to convince you to turn away from your bond with Jackson. But you have every right to explore your bonds with both of your mates, to figure out why the Goddess picked them.” 
Jesse nods to himself, deep in thought, speaking his ideas as he figures them out. “I mean, mates are supposed to be a gift – and she’s your grandmother, for heaven’s sake. I don’t think you should be ashamed of this, or feel bad about it, or try to stop it, Ari.” 
“I agree,” Rafe says, looking at me evenly. “I think it would be a mistake to reject the Goddess’ gift like that – I think she’d be pissed, and you’d do yourself a disservice. I think you should explore it. While being as fair as you can to Luca and Jackson, of course. It’s not carte blanche to be a jerk to them.” 
A deep well of warmth runs through me as I begin to smile, staring at my brother, who is so sweet, and so supportive. Tears again spring to my eyes.
“Oh geeze,” Rafe says with a sigh, reaching out and wiping at my cheeks with his thumb as the tears start to spill out. “What’s all this about? What did I say now?” 
“Nothing,” I laugh, shaking my head and tilting it back while I sniff. “You’re just being really nice to me.” 
“Of course we’re being nice to you, Ari,” Jesse says with a yawn, reaching out to ruffle my hair like he used to do when we were kids. “You’re our little baby trouble. We love you. We’d be bored without you.” 
I grin at the two of them, resting my head against the couch and letting my eyes fall half-shut, so grateful to the two of them for their love and their friendship and their eternal support.
###Chapter 0243
Chapter 0243
“We got your back, Ariel,” Rafe murmurs, patting my knee. And then we spend the next few hours talking softly, letting our thoughts wander, none of us really making a move to go to bed. Instead, slowly – perhaps simultaneously – we all fall asleep curled up next to each other like we used to do when we were kids. A puppy pile, mom used to call it. 
And I think of that, of my mom, and my family, and how much I love the rich warmth of them as I fall asleep next to my two best friends. 
Because I get to see the rest of them tomorrow. 
And I can barely wait. 
I gasp awake when the door flies open behind me, spinning and blinking and trying to figure out if I’m about to die – 
“I did it!” Ben shouts, giving a whoop of excited joy as Rafe leaps to his feet, his chest heaving with anxiety. Jesse just groans, turning over on the couch and burying his face in his pillow as I clasp a hand to my throat, trying to figure out if I had a heart attack. “I passed my finals! I get to stay!” 
“Too bad you’re going to die in like four seconds, Ben!” Rafe snaps, scowling and striding over to Ben to snatch the piece of paper out of his hand. Ben ignores Rafe, dancing around the room as he pumps his fist in the air. 
“I get to stay in school! I passed – I’m an Ambassador now, for real! Or at least, on my way to it!” 
“That’s amazing, Ben, I’m very happy for you,” Jesse murmurs into his pillow. “Now shut up. Go away.” 
I smile as I watch Rafe collect himself and smile at our friend, reaching out to grab Ben and wrap him into a big hug as he murmurs his congratulations. I grin at Ben, who peers at me over Rafe’s
shoulder, watching him take a surreptitious sniff of Rafe’s scent as they break their quick hug. 
I push myself to my feet as well, wincing as my stiff muscles unfold. God, sleeping on the floor – what a stupid idea – 
“Congrats, Ben,” I say, holding open my arms as I cross the room to him. Rafe lets him go and Ben steps to me, wrapping me in a hug and rocking me back and forth. “I’m so happy for you!” 
“Did you get your results?” he asks, eager, looking down at me. 
“Um, I don’t know, you kind of woke us up,” I say, looking towards the door. “How did you find out?” 
“Slipped under my door this morning,” he says, letting go of me and striding for the still-open door, looking for a piece of paper. He sighs and turns to me, shaking his head. 
I scowl, flopping down on the couch and making Jesse yelp when I land on the back of his calves. 
“Oh, you baby,” I mutter, “that didn’t hurt.” 
“Be gentle with me,” Jesse whines, still burying his face in the pillow and pretending to be asleep. “I’m very delicate and you kept me up all night talking and I haven’t had any coffee –“ 
I laugh, smacking him on the back even as the dumbwaiter’s bell rings. I turn towards it, eager. “Sounds like coffee’s here anyway.” Even as I watch Rafe and Ben walk eagerly to the dumbwaiter, I can’t help the anxiety that rolls in my stomach. 
Why did Ben get his results, but not me? 
Is it just because he’s on a different track? 
Or…is it because I didn’t pass? Is a different note coming soon, telling me to pack my things for good? Is it going to be –
“Is there enough coffee for one more?” 
My head spins immediately to the door at the sound of Luca’s voice, my eyes going wide. Jesse immediately sits up, his sleepy fa?ade gone as he looks at Luca levelly, clearly wondering – as I am – just how upset he still is, and if he’s volatile. 
I go completely still, waiting for Luca to give me a sign about how this is going to go.
###Chapter 0244
Chapter 0244
As I anxiously study Luca, waiting for his next move …damn, but I can’t help but notice how good he looks. Luca’s freshly showered, dressed in the Cadet black that makes him look so sharp, his hair falling a little into his face in a way that just begs me to touch it, wanting to push it back. His lip is a little swollen and a bruise spreads beneath his left eye, but I don’t know – something about it really works for him. He just looks tough and sexy and a little dangerous in a way that I really, really like. 
“Don’t worry,” Luca says with a smile as he puts up a defensive hand, smiling around at us in a way that makes his dimples flare. I melt, just a little… 
Because god, he’s just so cute – 
“I’m not going to flip out,” Luca continues, shaking his head at himself like he’s disappointed in how he acted last night. “I’m just…here for breakfast. As promised.” 
Luca steps into the room a little more as he closes the door, his eyes moving over Ben and Jesse and Rafe before falling on me like that’s the only place they want to rest. I hold his gaze, a little smile on my mouth. Because, I mean, I really am happy to see him – I’m always happy to see him. 
But…what do we do now? Do I…should I get up and hug him? Throw myself into his arms, which is what I really want to do? 
“Hey,” he murmurs, the corner of his mouth turning up in a smile that’s just for me. 
“Hi,” I whisper back, though I know he can hear me. A quick pulse of joy and anxiety and apology and warmth comes down the bond, letting me know that he’s still conflicted but that he’s really, really happy to see me. 
I grin, because I feel the same way.
“Of course there’s enough coffee!” Rafe says, his voice booming and making me jump as he steps around me and plops the silver coffee pot on the table with a loud thump, clearly intent on breaking the vibe between Luca and me. “So,” he says, straightening up and putting his hands on his hips. “Rumor has it that you’ve been secretly dating my sister for months. Are you going to be nice to her today?” 
And I burst into a grin when I see Luca grimace a little as he runs a hand through his hair, because I suddenly realize that Luca’s been keeping a secret too. This whole time, he’s been secretly dating his friend’s sister – which I’m pretty sure is against the rules, when it comes to guy friendships. 
“Of course I’m going to be nice to her,” Luca murmurs, looking around Rafe and finding me again, taking in my wide grin. Ben laughs as he moves to the coffee table, carrying plates of pastries and cups for the coffee. 
“Good,” Rafe says, the words carrying a great deal of weight. “Ariel?” he says, turning to me. I sit up in surprise. “Go get showered and changed – you’re a mess.” 
I squeak in appalled surprise, but when I look down at myself I realize that he’s right. I am very rumpled. And if we’re going to have a nice big chat, I’m going to want to look and feel my best. 
“Fine fine,” I mutter as Ben offers me a cup of coffee made just how I like it. “But if you all eat all the breakfast while I am gone, I’m going to be mad!” 
“No promises!” Jesse calls after me as I carry my coffee into the bathroom and work on making myself more presentable. 
About twenty minutes later, when I draw the curtain back from my nook, freshly showered and changed with my hair braided onto my head but not yet tucked beneath my cap, I jump when I realize that Luca is leaning against the fireplace about a foot to my left, clearly waiting for me to come out.
“Hi,” he murmurs, immediately slipping an arm around my back and tugging me to his side, lowering his face to my hair and taking a long, slow sniff of my scent. “I like this,” he murmurs, “your scent by itself, not all mixed up with Jesse, of all revolting people.” 
I grin, pleased despite my anxiety, leaning into him and putting a hand on the hard muscle of his stomach, looking up into his face. “Still mad at me?” 
“Livid,” he whispers, but the way he smiles, and tugs me closer…I have to bite my lip, because I think it means we’re going to be okay. I tilt my chin up, wanting nothing more than to –
###Chapter 0245
Chapter 0245
“Enough of that,” Rafe calls from across the room where he’s tossing what few personal possessions he has into a backpack. “Hands off, Luca. Still my sister.” 
“Still my mate,” Luca calls back, but his voice is cheerful as he pushes himself up from the wall, letting his arm drift from behind my back so that he can grasp my hand as he tugs me over to the sitting area. Ben’s there too, his already-packed backpack at his feet, but he stands when we approach, going to pretend to help Jesse pack and giving us our space. 
“So, I’ve been thinking about it,” Luca says, sitting down on the couch and pulling me with him so that we sit close together. 
“Yeah?” I ask, encouraging him to go on. I turn towards him, taking his hands in mine, listening closely. Because I want, desperately, to know what he’s thinking – how he’s feeling about all of it. 
“And,” he murmurs, reaching out a hand to tuck a strand of hair back from my face, “we still have to talk about…about you keeping this from me, Ariel. That was deeply unfair, and I…I think it’s going to take a while for me to trust you again.” 
I nod, understanding, listening to him and holding back my opinion on the matter. Because I do think that I was in a hard place with that – it would have been horribly unfair to Jackson if I had told Luca that Jackson was my mate before I even told Jackson. But…that’s not really important now. Instead, I just want to hear Luca, to understand how he feels. 
“But I didn’t lie last night,” Luca murmurs, his pretty brown eyes intent as he squeezes my hands. “I’m in love with you, Ariel – you’re my mate, you’re…you’re everything to me. I’ll do whatever it takes to make this right with us.” 
“Luca,” I breathe, leaning closer, completely overwhelmed at how good he’s being. “Thank you – I feel the same way – I’ll do whatever it takes too, you’re so important to me –“
“So, you’ll reject him, then,” Luca murmurs, tucking that same strand of my hair back again, his fingers warm as they caress the shell of my ear. “And then we’ll move on! It will be amazing, Ariel, I promise – I’ll do everything I can to make you happy, everything, and we’ll be so –“ 
I sit up straight, rigid, staring at him unblinkingly. Because wait…what? What is he asking me? What…did I agree to something? “Luca,” I say, putting a hand out between us, my palm flat as it presses against his chest. “Luca…no…” 
“No?” he asks, likewise sitting up straight and staring at me. “No to…no to what?” 
“Luca,” I whisper, horrified, leaning closer. “Luca, I’m not going to reject my bond with Jackson…” 
“What!?” 
“Hey!” Jesse says, shoving Rafe’s armchair ridiculously close to the couch and flopping down into it. “This seems sufficiently intimate and complicated and like you might start yelling at each other! Thought I’d join in!” 
“Get out of here, Jesse,” Luca growls as Rafe comes around the couch and stands on the other side of the coffee table, his arms crossed. “This is between me and Ariel.” 
“Oh, I’ll go,” Jesse says calmly, raising his eyebrows and holding Luca’s gaze for a pause before shifting his eyes to mine. “If Ariel wants me to.” 
I bite my lip, hesitating, because…I mean, even though Luca is right that this is between us… 
God, but I have trouble saying no to him. And quite frankly, I do want my brother and my cousin’s support. 
“Ariel,” Luca growls, leaning closer to me and glaring, “are you seriously going to let them budge in on this!? This is our personal relationship! This is between you and I, and you’re going to –“
“Let us advocate for her?” Rafe interrupts, his voice smooth and a little mad. Luca gapes, turning towards him. “Intercede? Not let you bully her, when she’s emotional and clearly wants to do things to help you feel better, even when they’re not in her best interest?” 
I feel a great deal of relief that my family is helping me, but it mixes awkwardly with the sinking pit in my stomach at making Luca feel so bad. God, crap, but this is horrible. 
“Bully!?” Luca spits out, dropping my hands and staring at Rafe, truly offended. “Are you seriously saying that I would stoop so low as to bully the woman I love!?” 
“You’re kind of doing it now,” Jesse says, a little dry.
###Chapter 0246
Chapter 0246
I lift my eyebrows in surprise as Luca turns to stares at Jesse, appalled at the accusation. Jesse continues, either pretending not to notice or not caring. 
“I mean,” Jesse says, turning his palm up as he talks it through, “unless I’m mistaken, you’ve never told her that you loved her before, right? At least not before last night. And now you’re throwing that word around a lot in a situation where you’re actively asking her for something. It might not be bullying, but it is a little manipulative.” Jesse grimaces and gives a shrug, and I can tell that he’s genuinely not happy to have to deliver the message. 
But my jaw drops a little when I realize that…that Jesse’s kind of right on that one. Luca is pulling out the l-word at the same moment when he’s asking me for something really big. 
“I can’t believe you’re accusing me of not loving her, of saying that just because I want something –“ 
“We’re not accusing you of that,” Rafe says, his voice gentler now. “We’re just asking you to play fair, Luca. And to let her make her own decisions about what’s right for her. Even if that’s not what’s right for you.” 
“So, you’re all going to take his side,” Luca snaps, drawing away from me now and standing up, clearly wanting a little space. “When obviously I am the better match for Ariel – I can handle her life as a Princess, I’m already your guys’ best friend, I’m completely dedicated to supporting her through this Academy thing and have been for months. How can you not be on my side, after all of this!? We’re – we’re fucking friends!” 
“They’re not taking Jackson’s side,” I say quietly folding my hands in my lap and looking up at my mate, my heart sinking because I know he feels so betrayed. “This isn’t about sides, Luca.” 
“Screw that, it is about sides,” Jesse snaps, standing up to glare at Luca. But I watch as his face softens, as he forces himself to be kinder. “We’re not on Jackson’s side, but we’re not on yours
either, Luca. We’re on Ariel’s side.” 
“Always,” Rafe says, his voice likewise gentle and a little sad. “Always Ariel’s side, Luc. I’m…I’m sorry if that’s not what you want to hear, but she’s my sister.” 
“My best cousin,” Jesse adds, and my heart swells with love at their support. 
“And quite frankly,” Rafe continues, his face a little grim. “As her mate? I’d prefer it if you were on her side as well.” 
Luca just stares, slack-jawed, at his two best friends before looking down at me. I bite my lip, heartbroken and awkward, my fingers twisted together in my lap. We stare at each other for a long time, and down our bond I feel him questioning, apparently unable to put it into words right now, wanting and needing to know what it is that I’m asking for in this moment. 
“The Goddess gave me both of you, Luca,” I say quietly, hoping to hell he hears me on this. “Rafe and Jesse and I – we talked about it last night. And I think it’s right – I’m supposed to have two mates, she gave me both of these bonds for a reason.” 
I shake my head, hating that I’m disappointing Luca, but so incredibly grateful that I have my big Alpha brother and cousin here to support me – because if it was just me and Luca? I’m not sure I could find the courage to do this – to deliver the words that I know are going to break his heart. 
“What are you saying?” Luca whispers, slow, taking a step closer to look down into my eyes. 
“That I’m not going to reject my bond with Jackson,” I whisper, staring up at him, needing him to hear and understand it. “Not just because you want me to.” 
Luca groans, tucking his face against his hands like it’s the worst thing he’s ever heard. I’m immediately on my feet, putting a hand on his arm, unable to just sit and watch him grieve like this.
Rafe takes a step forward like he’s worried Luca will snap, and shove me or something, but he doesn’t. 
Instead, Luca just takes a moment to understand, his body trembling slightly beneath my hand. I stand steadily next to him, letting him process it, bearing witness to his pain. And when he’s ready, Luca drags his hands down from his face and looks at me again. “I don’t know if I can do this, Ariel,” he whispers, shaking his head at me. “I don’t know how to do this.”
###Chapter 0247
Chapter 0247
“Neither do I,” I whisper back, taking a step closer. To my surprise, Luca lifts his arm and wraps it around me, tucking me in against his side, where he likes me. “But we can figure it out together.” 
Luca murmurs something I don’t quite hear, raising a hand and cupping my cheek in his palm, staring down at me as he shakes his head in awe and frustration. 
“I’m still your mate, Luca,” I whisper, sending all the warmth and assurance that I have down the bond. “That hasn’t changed. You still mean the world to me.” 
“It has changed, a little,” he murmurs, studying me. “You know that I really do love you, right? That I wasn’t just saying it to…to manipulate you. I just…I love you so damn much, Ariel, I’d do anything to keep you.” 
“I know,” I murmur, nodding and pressing my cheek closer into his palm. “I know, Luca. I know.” 
He lowers his face then, pressing a kiss to my mouth like he can’t help it, just as a knock comes at the door. 
“Oh, what the hell,” Rafe sighs, turning towards it. Luca tightens his arm around me as Jesse steps to my side, taking the hat off his head and shoving it towards me. 
Rafe moves to the door and I pull the cap on, taking a small step away from Luca even though he clearly doesn’t want to let me go. When I nod to him, Rafe pulls open the door. 
And my eyebrows arch nearly to my hairline as I see who is standing there. 
“Good morning, Cadets,” Dr. Neumann murmurs, his hands folded neatly behind his back as he nods around to each of us. His eyes settle on me, though, and he gives a firm nod. “Cadet Clark? If I may have a word?”
My hands start to shake a little with the anxiety of it because…because why is he here? Ben…Ben got his pass results on a little piece of paper… 
Oh my god. 
If you fail, do they have to deliver the results in person? Do they have to – 
“Clark?” Neumann says, raising an eyebrow, and I realize that I haven’t moved at all – that I’ve just been staring at him. He turns slightly, tilting his head towards the hall, an invitation. 
“Um, that’s okay,” I say, taking a few steps forward so that I’m standing in front of him, but not going out into the hall. “They can listen, I don’t mind.” Because if he tells me that I failed, I am definitely, definitely going to need my family to catch me when I fall to pieces. 
Neumann sighs, crossing his arms and narrowing his eyes at me. “You and your social life, Cadet Clark. It’s what’s holding you back, after all.” 
My stomach drops and I hang my head, because that can only mean… 
“I came to tell you that you came out with the top marks in the Espionage class, Cadet Clark,” he says, his voice brisk, words clipped. 
I freeze, because… 
I mean, I have to have misheard him, right? 
My head snaps up and I stare at my professor, completely shocked. 
“Top marks on the Chemistry examination, top marks in your marksmanship class.” He raises an eyebrow at me. “Far and away, our highest-ranking Cadet this year in our program.” 
“But I…” I sputter.
“You’re a very promising student, Clark,” Neumann says, and my face bursts into a smile when I see the corners of his mouth beginning to turn up, realizing that he’s rather enjoying his little prank. “We will be expecting great things from you in the spring, and if you could just concentrate instead of having so many dinner parties you could truly make a difference in this world and in this war –“ 
But Neumann doesn’t get any further in his scolding, because I let out a little shriek and throw myself at him, wrapping my arms around his waist and giving him an impulsive hug. “Thank you!” I gasp, desperately happy and thrilled and excited all at once. “Thank you so much, Dr. Neumann!” 
He freezes for a second but then he lets out a slow chuckle and, to my surprise, gently places his arms around me and gives me a little squeeze. “All right, Cadet, that’s enough affection,” he murmurs. “I’m your teacher, after all, not one of your many friends.” 
I laugh, loosening my arms and smiling up at him as I take a step back. “Why were you so mean to me all semester!?” I ask, impulsive.
###Chapter 0248
Chapter 0248
Neumann laughs at my inappropriate remark, shaking his head. “I was hard on you to push you, Clark. You work harder when you’re terrified. Someone has to herd you along towards your potential, after all,” he looks around the room now, glaring a bit at my friends and my family, who all beam at me. “These ones, I suspect, pet you a little too much.” 
“Thank you, sir,” Rafe says formally, coming forward, but Neumann just waves a hand at him, turning his attention back to me. I grin, a little pleased to have a professor pay more attention to me than Rafe, who is usually the golden boy. 
“Don’t listen to what those other Cadets said at the final test, either,” Neumann says, stern. “Do you hear me on that? Half of them failed anyway, so they don’t know what they’re talking about. You’re very promising, and we’re incredibly excited about your future in the department. Not every successful cadet needs to be a bastion of physical force in order to be useful to the nation’s military. Understood?” 
I nod eagerly, tucking my hands behind my back and straightening my shoulders, bolstered by the fact that he believes in me. And, quite frankly, the fact that half my classmates failed out. 
Jerks. 
“And,” Neumann says, leaning forward to speak softly to me now, conspiratorial, “if any King has any particular ions on the matter, you can tell him that I said that. And that if he has any questions about your aptitude and potential, that he can ask me directly. I want you here in the Spring, Cadet…Clark.” 
My mouth drops open a little as I realize that Neumann… knows. He has perhaps always known. 
“Don’t disappoint me,” my professor finishes, giving a sharp nod and then turning away and striding down the hall. “I wish you all a happy winter break!” he calls to us, “get it out of your systems,
children! When you return in the spring, I will expect you to work!” 
I stare after him, shock and thrill pulsing through me. 
And then, slowly, I turn to stare around at the group of Alphas standing in the room, all quietly beaming at me, waiting for me to process my surprise. 
“I passed!” I shout, punching my fists up into the air, my eyes squeezing shut in my joy. 
A roar goes up in the room and suddenly I’m swept off my feet. I laugh, hugging my brother back as he spins me around, and then I’m passed from arms to arms as everyone hugs me, and kisses my cheeks, and tells me how wonderful I am and how they’re not at all surprised. I laugh the whole time, barely able to process it, almost knocked out in my wonder and surprise and joy. 
I’m still laughing, dazed by the joy of it, when someone clears their throat at the door. 
I turn, a huge smile on my face, to see Jackson standing there, frowning around at us. “What’s going on here?” 
“Just got the news,” Jesse calls over to him, and I can hear in his voice that he’s pleased and proud. “Ariel passed! Top marks in Chemistry – top student in the Espionage unit.” 
A wide smile spreads over Jackson’s face. “What,” he says, slowly, looking around at everyone. “And you guys are like, surprised?” 
I burst into a smile, pleased as hell that Jackson’s completely unperturbed by the news – that he never, ever thought for a single second that I wouldn’t pass. 
Finally, his eyes land back on me. “Get your ass over her, Clark,” he growls, beckoning me with a wave of his hand. I laugh and suddenly my feet are flying across the room. I throw myself into
Jackson’s arms, where he wraps me up and lifts me off the floor, turning me once in a circle as he holds me tight. 
“So proud of you,” he murmurs into my ear, which makes me squeal a very tiny happy noise. “My clever little spy.” 
I laugh, grinning down at him, running my fingers through his hair and losing myself a little in his blue eyes. 
My smile fades, though, when I hear Luca’s rough snarl across the room. 
“For the second time in as many days,” Luca snaps, “get your fucking hands off my girlfriend.” I turn my head, knocked out of my mental bubble where only Jackson exists, to see Luca taking a menacing step towards us.
###Chapter 0249
Chapter 0249
To my surprise, Jackson makes absolutely no move to put me down. Instead, he just looks at Luca evenly for a second. “Your girlfriend?” he asks, the words low and light with disbelief. He hums consideringly and then turns his face back up to mine. “What do you think, Clark?” he murmurs, nodding over to where Luca stands, not bothering to look his way. “That your boyfriend over there?” 
I can’t help it then, loving the assurance in his voice, the calm way he dismisses Luca’s jealousy. A slow, happy smile spreads over my lips as I stare down at him, not saying a single word regarding whether Luca’s my boyfriend or not. 
Because honestly, I don’t know. 
But Jackson’s right – Luca doesn’t get to boss him around on this, does he? 
“Didn’t think so,” Jackson murmurs, low enough that maybe only I hear him. But then he grins at me and lowers me to the floor as Luca strides to my side, grabbing my hand. 
“Okay, okay,” Rafe says, stepping forward with a sigh. “Clearly, clearly we need some ground rules here.” 
And I sigh, glancing up at both of my mates, before crossing the room to Rafe’s side. 
Because my brother is right – it’s time we got some things straight and I might need some physical distance from them to do that. 
“What are you even doing here?” Luca growls at Jackson, his arms crossed as they stand about a foot apart. 
“Came for breakfast,” Jackson says, giving a calm shrug. “I was invited.” He glances at Jesse now, who grins at him.
“Coffee?” Ben asks, starting to pour Jackson a cup. 
“Sure,” Jacks says, crossing the room to take it from him. 
“Look, can we cut this bullshit,” Luca snaps, clearly worked up. “What is all this happy family nonsense!? Are we all just going to pretend that McClintock and I didn’t try to kill each other last night? That we’re not going to do it again if we don’t get this two-mate nonsense figured out!?” 
“I’m not going to kill you,” Jackson says evenly, taking a calm sip of his coffee. I blink at him, a little surprised, wondering where all this confidence came from. This is, in some ways, a very different Jackson than the grief-stricken wolf who stormed out of here last night. “Are you going to kill me? Or…try?” 
Luca sputters, not wanting to seem like the aggressor now that Jackson has proclaimed himself neutral. Then Luca grits his teeth, storming over to Jackson. Rafe grabs the back of my shirt, not letting me go to them, knowing that my first instinct is to stand between them, to negotiate. 
“Let them figure it out,” Rafe murmurs when I look back at him. “This, weirdly, is not actually your problem.” 
“Yes it is,” I mutter, crossing my arms. “I’m going to go from two mates to none if they tear each other to pieces.” 
Rafe laughs lightly, but we both just watch as the argument unfolds. 
“You think I can’t see what you’re doing?” Luca snaps, glaring into Jackson’s face. “You get to come in here all calm, pretending you’re fine with this, looking like the good guy – making me look like the bad guy. But I’m the only one being honest here – you don’t want her with me just as much as I don’t want her with you.”
“True,” Jacks murmurs, shrugging and looking down at his coffee before taking a sip. “But, getting into a fist fight isn’t going to fix it.” 
“Sure would be fucking nice though,” Luca growls, his hands balling to fists, “to knock you into next week –“ 
“Enough –“ Rafe says, stepping forward now with a frown. I gape at him a little, pissed. What happened to letting them figure it out!? 
He glances at me with a tiny shrug before turning back to Jackson and Luca. 
“So,” Rafe says, his voice calm and considering, “despite your insistence on fighting, I want to point out that you two actually…agree.” 
“What?” Luca asks, his face screwed up in a confused frown as he turns towards Rafe and me. I look up at Rafe, my face mimicking my mate’s.
###Chapter 0250
Chapter 0250
“You just said it,” Rafe says with a shrug. “Luca, you have admitted that you don’t want Ariel to be with Jackson. Jackson, you agreed, saying you felt the same way – you don’t want her to be with Luca.” 
All three of us just stare at Rafe like that’s obvious. Actually, all five of us if you count Ben and Jesse too. 
“Well, I mean, I think it’s kind of simple,” Rafe says with a sigh, heading to the couch and lifting his coffee off the table as he sits down like this is the most casual conversation anyone has ever had. “If that’s what you guys want, you just have to decide where your boundaries are.” 
“What?” Ben asks, confused. We all turn to him and he puts his hands up. “Sorry, sorry,” he murmurs. “I’m just…I’m too involved. I’m sorry. I’ll shut up.” 
Rafe laughs a little, but nods. “No, you’re right, I can be clearer. But honestly, I think it is really simple. Ariel?” he says, and I stand up straight, a little wary about what’s coming next. “You declared this morning that you’re not going to reject your mating bond with Jackson just because Luca wants you to, right?” 
“Right,” I say instantly. 
“Really?” Jackson asks, and I turn my head to see a wide smile on his face. I smile back at him, sending a sense of faith and happiness down our bond, as well as a very tiny scolding that he should be at all surprised. His smile deepens. 
“And,” Rafe says slowly, drawing my attention back to him. “Are you willing to reject Luca, because Jackson wants you to?”
“No,” I say instantly, my hand going to my chest, my heart breaking at the very idea. My eyes move to Luca’s and I can feel his own horror, his incredible sense of impending fear and loss. I shake my head, fervent, letting him know that I would never. Slowly, he grits his teeth and nods, believing me. 
“Okay,” Rafe says, nodding again and turning back to the boys. “Well, is either of you willing to break your bond with Ariel?” 
“No!” they say in unison before turning to glare at each other, I think a little pissed to finally agree on a point – any point – in this complicated manner. 
“Okay, cool,” Rafe says, giving a shrug and lifting his coffee to his mouth. “Then, obviously, we have to find a way to deal with this. Figure out where your boundaries are and…how to live with this situation as it is – because clearly, you’re all stuck in it.” 
“Look at you, cousin,” Jesse says, pleased as he sinks into his armchair with a donut in his hand, taking a bite. “What are you, on Therapy track, instead of Warrior? That was good.” 
My eyes narrow at Jesse. Donuts? Where the hell did he get one of those? 
Rafe just grins at our cousin before Luca steps forward, pissed. 
“No way,” Luca says, shaking his head and jutting out a hand. “I see what you’re doing here – this is…this is all what Ariel wants, but what I want is important too. I don’t – I don’t want to live like this.” 
“Valid,” Rafe says, nodding to him. “So, tell us what you want, Luca.” 
“What I do not want,” Luca says, glaring at Rafe and then at me. “Is a polyamorous relationship. I do not want a girlfriend who has another boyfriend. I can’t…I can’t live like that.” 
“Well, then that sounds like your boundary,” Rafe says quietly. “What about you, Jacks?”
Some of Jackson’s confidence has left him now that he’s not dealing with a confrontation with another Alpha and is instead doing what is probably his least favorite thing in the world: talking about his emotions. “Um,” he says, lifting a hand to rub anxiously at the back of his neck. “I don’t know. I mean…whatever…” 
My eyebrows go up because…well, did Jackson just admit that he’s okay with me having two boyfriends? 
“No, Jacks,” Jesse says, his mouth full of donut as he points an accusatory finger in Jackson’s direction. “Don’t do that.” 
“Do what?” Jackson growls, clearly displeased to be countered. 
“You’re lying to be easy, to make Ariel happy,” Jesse says, perfectly casual like Rafe is. I blink, my eyebrows going up as I look at Jackson again, surprised to see him scowling and looking away. “I saw you last night – you were devastated at the idea of her being with someone else. Tell the truth, Jacks – that’s what we’re trying to do here. Get it all out on the table so we can figure out what to do.” 
Ben sits down on the couch next to Rafe, watching everything unfold like a television drama. I sigh, scowling and crossing my arms, feeling oddly out of place and like a pawn. I mean, don’t I get a say in this?
###Chapter 0251
Chapter 0251
But also…what is it that I want? Do I actually want like…two boyfriends? How would that even work? And what does that look like in twenty years – do we all just…live in a house together? Would we…have kids? 
God, this is so weird. 
Jackson blushes deeply now that he’s been put on the spot, his mouth twisting as he looks down at the floor. 
“Well?” Rafe asks. “Speak now, Jacks, this is your chance to say what you really want. Are you cool with Ariel dating Luca too? Or…” 
“Fine, whatever,” Jackson snaps, unhappy to be pressed into telling his truth and not looking at me. “I want what Luca wants, if you really want to know. I want my mate to myself, I don’t want to share her with anyone.” He raises his eyes to glare at Luca a little, like it’s all his fault. 
“All right,” Rafe says, sounding satisfied. I turn to him in confusion now, my hands spreading at my sides because…I mean, we didn’t decide anything – 
“It looks like you’re going to have to choose, Ari,” Rafe says, his face even and his voice controlled. 
My mouth pops open in horror. 
“Well, they don’t want to be in an open relationship,” he says, gesturing towards my mates with my coffee mug. 
“But we said -!” 
“I know,” Rafe says, nodding, reading my mind. “And I still stand by that. You have a right to explore both of your mating bonds, which the Goddess gave you – a gift from our grandmother.”
“Wait, what?” Jackson asks, stepping forward a little, confused. 
“We’ll explain that later,” Jesse murmurs, waving a hand at Jackson, his eyes trained on Rafe. 
“But,” Rafe says, holding up a finger, “I don’t think that it’s fair for you to have unlimited time to explore those bonds. I think that, in deference to what your mates have stated they want…that you should take the time you need to make your decision, but that in the end…” he holds my eyes now, knowing that it’s breaking my heart, “you should choose one of them, Ariel. It’s…it’s not fair not to, if that’s not what they want.” 
My mouth pops open as I stare at my brother and then over at my two mates, my heart breaking at the idea of not having one of them. 
Because – 
I mean – 
They’re – they’re mine – 
They’re both mine! 
“Rafe,” I say, my voice thick with my grief at the idea, “I can’t…” 
“Well, we can’t,” Luca says, folding his arms and staring at me, hard. I feel all of his sadness, all of his grief as he does. “I mean, I don’t speak for Jackson, but I can’t live like this. Not forever. For a little bit…” he sighs, hanging his head, thinking about it. “Maybe. Maybe, Ariel. Because I think I’m better for you than he is, your true mate, but because you might need time to figure that out? I think…I think I could live with it. For a while.” 
Shocked, my eyes move to Jackson next.
But he doesn’t say a word, just holding my eyes. 
And as I stare at him, I realize what the emotions are coming down my bond with him – just…a desperate desire, an open yes, absolute horror at the idea that he could lose me and a determination to keep me on any terms. 
As I realize that that’s how my sweet mate is feeling – so desperate, so ready to say yes to whatever keeps me by his side no matter what the terms - I set my jaw and raise my chin, determined to do what’s right. 
Because it’s not fair to Jacks. Even if he hasn’t said it aloud, he wants me so badly that he’s willing to take me however he can get me, even if that means sharing me with Luca, which is not what he wants to do. And Luca – he knows how to fight for himself, knows how to ask for what he wants, to insist upon it. 
But Jackson… 
And I can’t…suddenly, I can’t anymore. I can’t insist on both of them letting me have them forever, even if it’s what I want, because it’s just not fair. If it’s not what they want, not what they can give, then it’s not fair. 
“Fine,” I say, my lip shaking and my eyes filling with tears as I raise my chin and move my eyes back to my brother. “Fine. I’ll…I’ll choose. If that’s what’s fair, then that’s what I’ll do.”
###Chapter 0252
Chapter 0252
My brother, seeing the very real grief on my face, stands and moves to my side, pulling into a hug. “You’re getting the best end of this deal,” he murmurs after a moment. Then Rafe loosens his arms and stands between me and my mates, not letting them see the sadness written in every line of me because he knows I need to stand strong in this decision – that I need to make it myself, without them. 
“I know,” I whisper, my heart breaking as my brother wipes the two tears that fall quickly off of my cheeks, not wanting them to see. “I get it…it’s just...god, Rafe, I can’t imagine…” 
“I know,” he murmurs, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to my forehead. “But neither can they. I think it’s right, Ariel – or if not right, then the fairest. We can – we can talk to mom and Cora when we get home. Maybe talk to the Goddess? See…see if we can get a better perspective. But for right now, this makes peace.” 
I take a deep breath, looking up into my brother’s face, and then I nod, working hard to steady myself. When he sees that I’m in control again, Rafe turns around, slipping a protective arm around my shoulders and looking between Luca and Jackson. “So, we’re good with this? We’re agreed?” 
“Well, what’s the timeline?” Luca asks, frowning, his hand sunk into his pockets. 
“No set timeline,” Rafe replies, looking down at me with a nod. “When Ari knows…she’ll know.” 
“So what, we could do this for years?” Luca gasps, appalled. 
“It’s enough, Luc,” Jesse snaps from the couch, glaring at him a little. “You’ve already asked her to choose one mate today, and it’s already breaking her heart. Stop trying to pin it down more. She’s given enough.” 
Luca huffs a sigh, hanging his head, but after a moment he nods, giving in. “Fine.”
“Jacks?” Rafe asks. My mate doesn’t reply to him, just holding me with his dark-blue gaze. Then, just once, he nods. 
“Wow,” Ben murmurs, I think not even realizing that he said it aloud as he looks between all of us. And I have to admit, I share his sentiment. It’s just all…a lot. 
And we all stand very, very still, I think none of us having any idea, at all, what to do next. 
Suddenly, we all give a collective flinch as the sound of bells peels out from somewhere in the castle. 
“Shit,” Rafe gasps, turning towards the sound. “Shit, shit.” 
“What is that?” I ask, turning my head almost as if I could see them, though obviously I can’t. “Since when does the castle have bells!? Since when do they ring them!?” 
“It’s tradition!” Jesse shouts, jumping up from the couch and hopping over the back of it, darting for his bed. “End of term! Shit, the train is going to be here in like ten minutes, and we haven’t even packed!” 
I gasp, suddenly realizing the gravity of this – I haven’t packed at all, not a stitch – and I spin towards my nook. But as I rip the velvet curtain back, I turn with a frown, because there are footsteps – 
“Where are you going?” I call, seeing both of my mates heading for the door. 
“To get our stuff!” Luca calls over his shoulder, worried. “I’ll meet you at the train, Ariel! It’s fine!” 
Jackson doesn’t say a word. I bite my lip, glancing between my possessions and the door, and then decide that I don’t have anything here that I can’t reproduce at home except my homework. I grab
my textbook, tossing it to Ben who – already packed – sits casually at the coffee table, sipping from his mug. “Pack that for me!” I shout, darting for the door. 
When I get to our open doorway I look left and right, a little grateful when I see that Luca and Jackson have taken different sets of stairs down to the single dorm floors. I bite my lip, shooting a glance in Luca’s direction before darting after Jacks. 
“Jackson!” I call, starting down the spiral staircase after him. I’m moving so fast that I almost have to skid to a stop when I realize he stopped in the middle of the stairs, where I couldn’t see him. 
“Whoa!” he says, catching me with an arm around my waist before I slam into him or careen down the steps and break my neck. 
But there’s no time to think about any o fthat. 
“Jacks,” I say, taking his face in my hands, worried. “You’re still coming, right? To the Palace? For break?”
###Chapter 0253
Chapter 0253
Jackson hesitates, glancing away from me and looking down the stairs. 
“Jacks!” I gasp, pulling his face back to look at mine, aghast at the idea that he wouldn’t come. “You said you! You told my mom!” 
“Ariel,” he sighs, shaking his head and wrapping the arm around my waist tighter, pulling me closer so that my feet are barely on the stairs anymore, my weight all on him. “It’s just…it’s been a lot, okay? And I’m no good with this…people stuff, and there are going to be a lot of people there for winter break.” 
Understatement of the year, but I don’t say anything that will encourage him on this ridiculous idea not to come. 
“Maybe it’s better for me to not go?” Jackson says, soft, hesitant. “To just take the next two weeks to get my head together, and stay here where it’s quiet, and then I’ll see you when you get back?” 
“Jackson,” I cry, my heart breaking at the idea. God, not seeing him, for two weeks? After everything we’ve been through in the past few days? 
He groans, clenching his teeth at the sound I make. “Don’t ask me, Ari,” he whispers, shaking his head, his eyes exhausted and sad. “Don’t ask me for more today, because if you ask, you know I’ll give it – I can’t say no –“ 
“Baby,” I murmur, taking a hand from his cheek and running it through his hair, not knowing where the pet name came from, not worrying about that now. But Jackson closes his eyes at the sound of it, hardly able to bear it. And even though he’d probably die rather than let anyone hear me call him that… 
…I know that he likes it. He likes it a lot.
“It will be good, Jacks,” I whisper, a promise in every word. “I promise it will be good, we won’t push you too far – we’ll…we’ll make sure you’re happy. All of us.” 
Jackson opens his eyes, staring up at me, and the bells start to peel again. 
Worried, he glances down the stairs, and I know he has to get to his room to get his things. 
“Just meet us at the train,” I whisper, again turning his face back to me again before pressing a kiss to his mouth – fast, too short, not at all what I really want to do. I pull back, staring into his eyes. “Just meet us at the train, all right? Jackson?” 
“I’ll try,” he whispers, looking up into my face. And I nod, knowing that’s the best I’m going to get right now, and that he means it. He will try, but if it’s too much… 
Well, my mate has a tendency to run, doesn’t he? 
Jackson kisses me again, just as swift as the last, before carefully putting me on my feet and letting me go. “Get back to your brother,” he growls, narrowing his eyes a little. “Don’t go wandering around this castle by yourself –“ 
“Oh, they’re ten feet away,” I snap, rolling my eyes and turning to dart up the stairs. “The train, Jacks!” I call over my shoulder. “I’ll see you there!” 
But as I hurry up the stairs, he doesn’t call anything after me, and my heart sinks. I hope to the ends of me that he comes, but part of me knows…well, I know that if he was going to come, he would have told me so. He would have promised. 
“Ari!” Rafe shouts as I reach the top of the stairs, frowning furiously at me. “Come on!” 
I dash to his side, trying to get back into the room, but Jesse and Ben are already at the door, backpacks over their arms.
“I tried,” Ben says, apologetic as he hands me a woefully under-packed bag. “I don’t know which of your things you wanted –“ 
“It’s fine,” I say, trying my best to give him a smile and slinging the pack over my shoulder. 
“Let’s go,” Rafe says, pressing me on the shoulder and turning me back towards the stairs. “We are not missing this train. We are getting home, tonight. To see our parents and our insane passel of siblings.” 
“And to drink our faces off.” Jesse murmurs, shooting me a wink as I laugh and the four of us hurry down the stairs. “And get back in touch with all of Ariel’s friends –“ 
I gasp at that, but Ben laughs and gives me another little shove, making me move forward. 
Forward to the train, where I’m supposed to meet my mates – both of them. 
And bring them home to meet my family.
###Chapter 0254
Chapter 0254
We basically have to sprint across the field where the candidate barracks are to get down to the train tracks in time. The sleek train is waiting there, puffing steam, filling with cadets all eager to get home for winter break. As we run I mentally thank my mother again for her healing powers – who would have thought that two days ago I was basically dead over Jackson’s shoulder, and now here I am dashing across a field with my best friends, a mostly-empty bag bouncing on my back? 
When we get down to the tracks I see that the platform itself is getting sparse, pretty much all the cadets already having boarded, and I dart immediately for a door to the train, wanting to get in and get a seat. But before I can even grab the little handle to lift myself into the closest train car, Jesse grabs my arm. 
“Ari, what are you doing!?” 
I spin, stumbling a little as I look up at him. “I’m getting on the damn train, Jesse!” 
My cousin just grins down at me and gestures down the tracks. “Come on,” he says, laughing. “Our seats are back here.” 
“What?” I let myself be lead down the line, frowning the whole way, but then my face shifts quickly into surprise and delight when I see the bright red caboose attached to the end of the train. 
Because of course. Of course mom and dad sent the royal car for us to take back to the city. 
“Oh my god,” I murmur, my hands going to my cheeks, my embarrassment competing with my pleasure and losing immediately. “That’s…that’s so nice of them.” 
“Whoa,” Luca says at my side, and I jump a little when I realize that it’s him standing there. And then I burst into a grin as he slips an arm around my waist and pulls me tight for a second before turning his gaze back to the train itself. I watch his eyebrows raise as he takes in the beautiful coach with its
cheerful, shiny red sides, its gilt details. “We are traveling in style today.” His voice is a little breathless. 
“Wait till you see inside,” Rafe laughs, glancing at Luca and Ben, who is also staring at the coach, dazzled. But before we can get any further a group of guards step onto the platform in front of us, a handcuffed cadet between them. 
And all of us simultaneously go still because… 
Well, because it’s Wright. 
And god, but he looks like shit. 
Wright’s face lifts at the sudden silence before him and he flinches immediately back when he sees Rafe, Jesse, Luca, and Ben at my side – all of my Alphas, who bare their teeth and take defensive stances, ready to spring at him if he even takes one wrong stumbling step in my direction. 
But when his eyes fall on me, Wright can’t help the cruel snarl that twists his face. He doesn’t say a word, but the hate radiates off him, nearly palpable in the air. As he stares at me I know without a doubt that he doesn’t regret a damn thing. In fact, if he had the chance? He would absolutely try to murder me again, his reasons for committing the crime now only compounded in his mind. 
Still, despite his venom and his determination, something about this – about Wright shackled and beaten while I stand, healthy and hale, with my best friends and my family all around? 
I realize, now, my power. That even if Wright can kill me with his bare hands… 
Well, I’ve got much more than bare hands to defend myself with, don’t I? 
“Hey, Wright,” I say, far too cheerful as I put on my best Princess smile and step forward to greet him, my hands innocently tucked behind my back. I purse my lips a little in mock pity as I look him
over, taking in each and every one of his bruises. “Did you have…a rough couple days?” 
The snarl that rips from Wright’s mouth is vicious and deadly, but one of his guards just cuffs him over the back of the head and he stumbles forward, moving along. 
“Have a nice winter break!” I call over my shoulder as my enemy walks away, a little gleeful at my victory over this terrible man. Luca, pleased, laughs and puts an arm around my shoulders giving me a squeeze. 
“He’s going to have an absolute shit winter break,” Rafe murmurs, slipping his hands into his pockets and watching Wright go as Jesse and Ben climb up the little set of gilt stairs and into our train car. “He’s being incarcerated over the holidays, so he’ll be in a cell while we’re all celebrating. But his trial will be held after the holidays pass, but before we return to school.” 
“So, even though he was accused – and he totally tried to murder me - he was allowed to take the candidate finals?” I ask, looking up at my brother, curious. 
Rafe slowly nods, meeting my eyes. “It’s all still allegations at this point, Ari. If he is declared innocent, he’ll return to school. They had to let him take the tests to see if he’d pass.”
###Chapter 0255
Chapter 0255
A little worry curls in me at this and I open my mouth to ask more questions, but suddenly the train emits a loud whistle that makes me leap nearly out of my boots. 
“Come on!” Jesse calls, sticking his head out from inside the coach. “There’s champagne in here! I am not waiting for you! If it’s all gone by the time you get in here then you only have yourselves to blame!” 
I laugh, moving eagerly forward, Rafe and Luca following close behind. But just as I put my foot up on the prettily-wrought golden stair, I hear someone shyly clear their throat behind me. I gasp, recognizing the sound somehow, and spin, my eyes wide. 
“Daphne!” I shout, thrilled to see her standing there, a tiny suitcase anxiously clutched in her hands, her auburn hair curling prettily over her shoulders. 
“Um,” she says, biting her lip, looking at me with sad and sorry eyes, her whole body tight with unease. “Is it okay? I mean…does my invitation to the Capital for midwinter still stand?” 
“Daph!” I shout with a laugh, dashing away from the train car towards my friend and almost knocking her over in my eagerness as I hug her tight to me. She gasps a little at the force of me and then laughs too, wrapping one arm around me, her suitcase pressed between us. “Of course it stands! I’m so happy to see you! I’m so happy you came!” 
“I’m so sorry, Ari,” she whispers, and I can tell by the tightness in her words that she’s on the edge of tears. The train emits another sharp whistle and starts to rumble. “I didn’t want to do it, but they made me – they said I wouldn’t be allowed to keep my job if I didn’t –“ 
“This is all very nice!” Luca shouts, and I jump a bit, turning to see him leaning from the edge of the gilt stairs, already boarded, a hand out towards us. “And I hate to interrupt a sentimental moment, but you two need to get on now, because this train is leaving!”
Almost as if Luca’s words themselves made the train move, it gives a sudden jolt and starts forward. I gasp, shoving Daphne in front of me, and she stumbles towards Luca’s hand, grasping it. Luca pulls Daphne upwards with ease as I start to run alongside the train, but my powerful mate handles the situation like he’s done it all his life. After Luca safely hands Daphne off to a waiting Jesse, who, beaming, helps her into the car, he reaches out for me. 
I grab Luca’s hand he Luca laughs as he pulls me upwards, settling me against his chest as the train pulls away from the platform and picks up speed. I turn towards the carriage, eager to get inside, but he holds me still for a moment, smiling down into my face. 
“Almost too late, Princess,” he purrs, putting a hand on my cheek and running his thumb over my lower lip just briefly, just once. 
“Never too late,” I say, lifting my chin and shaking back my head in a way that would send my hair cascading over my shoulders if it weren’t tucked up under my cap – a very girlish, very Princess sort of gesture. “I am royalty, after all. This train leaves when I say it does.” 
“Yeah right,” he mutters, laughing at me. “We almost left you crying on the tracks, and then you’d have had to run home -.” 
But when I start to sputter a protest, pounding him ineffectually on the chest with my fists, Luca just laughs harder, and so I do, and he lowers his face to mine and presses a kiss to my mouth like he can’t help it. And I know I should care, should worry about who might see us kissing out in the open like this – but as the train begins to speed through the countryside, and the air whips around us, and my mate kisses me all alone – just the two of us – on the little platform on the caboose of the train taking us back to the Capital? 
God, but I can’t bring myself to care. Because it’s just so perfect, and just so wonderful, to be here and wrapped in his arms.
But as we speed away, and I lose myself in Luca, my little wolf raises her snout in my soul and looses a tiny, mournful howl, sniffing the air. 
Her little nose works hard, trying to find any trace of the scent of embers and pine, leather and whiskey and cold winter nights. 
But sniff as she might, we both know it’s not there. 
And she lets out another tiny, mournful noise. 
And then tucks her head down against her paws.
###Chapter 0256
Chapter 0256
“Come on,” Luca murmurs, smiling down at me, and when I open my eyes I can’t help but smile back. “Let’s get inside – they’re probably eating Daphne alive in there.” 
“Oh, no they’re not,” I say, dismissive of the idea and unwilling to go inside just yet, relishing this moment alone with my mate. I leaning closer against him for a warm moment, enjoying the hard muscle of his chest against my cheek, knowing that Ben and Rafe and Jesse are being perfect gentlemen inside. Or, at least, Ben and Rafe are, which should be enough. 
But Luca gives me a nudge, and when I look up at him, he wrinkles his nose at me. “Come on, gorgeous, let’s get you some of that champagne.” 
“You trying to get me drunk, mate?” I murmur, smiling. 
“Oh, absolutely,” he growls, dipping his face closer to mine for a quick kiss. And I laugh, but look over my shoulder, newly eager to get inside and see what my parents have set up for us. “Come on,” I say, grabbing Luca’s hand and turning to tug him inside, wanting him to see it. Because the train car – it really is something special. 
As we duck through the door and I place my backpack on the little luggage rack next to the door, I do my best to tuck my anxieties about the missing Jackson away, not wanting Luca to feel any of it. Because I am excited to be here with him, and with the rest of my family and friends, and none of them deserve to have their excitement spoiled by me worrying about where my second mate is. 
But I have to admit – it’s very difficult. Because where is he? Did he seriously choose two weeks of solitude over winter break with me, just because he’s overwhelmed? 
I put a determined smile on my face, though, shoving these worries away as wave Luca into the beautiful train car, enjoying the way that his mouth hangs open as he turns around, taking in the gorgeous woodwork, the red leather and velvet seating all around. But even as I smile at Luca, my
eyes catch on Rafe, who stands by the window with his arms crossed, watching me with a raised eyebrow. 
Rafe and I don’t have a mind-link, obviously, but I can read the question all over his face. He’s intuiting that I have definitely noticed Jackson’s absence, as he has, and he’s asking me silently if I’m okay. 
I give my brother a short nod and a shrug when Luca’s back is turned because what am I supposed to do about it now? Go to pieces, and ruin everyone’s good mood? Rafe holds my gaze for a long moment and then nods once, steady. And in that, I know that he’s telling me that he hears me, and he understands, and that whatever he needs me to do – he’ll do it. 
And I beam at him, loving my brother anew for his secret, steady empathy, for his willingness to already be there. 
Bolstered, I turn my attention back to the room, taking a further step in and deciding to dedicate myself to this moment, and to turn my mind to Jackson when I can. Because there’s already enough here drawing on my attention. 
“This is amazing…” Luca murmurs, his eyes wide as he finishes looking around at the long row of windows on both sides of the car that allow us to look out over the countryside, the rich warmth of the wood-paneled walls. A little overwhelmed, he sinks onto a plush velvet seat by the window, leaning his arm against the adjoining table and staring over at the bar at the far side of the room where – of course – Jesse is already pouring drinks, Daphne at his side being helpful and setting out the glasses. 
Behind Jesse is a set of glass-lined refrigerators and cabinets that display an insane amount of delicious food – far too much for the six of us to eat and drink on the journey to the Capital. But mom’s hand is all over it, and I can see that it’s her gift to us, her hearty congratulations. She’s
stocked all of our favorites, after all – all the sandwiches we like, all the treats, all the things we like to drink. 
Only wine and beer, I note with a grin, because she wants us to show up to the capital sober enough to walk. But, she also wants us to have a good time. 
“Do you like it?” I ask, stepping closer to Luca with a smile and running a hand through his hair, unable to keep from touch it. 
“Um, obviously,” he says with a laugh, grinning up at me and slipping a hand around my hips. “Do you seriously travel like this all the time?” 
“This,” I say on a sigh, trying to sound as snobby as possible and make him laugh. “Or the private jet, or the helicopter, if we’re only going short distances – but the bar cart on the helicopter is just terrible –“ 
Luca bursts into laughter, as I hoped he would, and pulls me into his lap, wanting me close. I press a kiss to his cheek, nudging him with my nose a little, so incredibly happy to be here. “Do you mind if I talk to Daphne?” I whisper, my eyes darting over to her behind the bar where Jesse is finishing up pouring out champagne. “I want to make sure that she knows that we’re okay –“
###Chapter 0257
Chapter 0257
“Of course, Gorgeous,” Luca says, frowning at me a little, like he’s ashamed that I felt like I had to ask. He loosens his arm around me. “You don’t have to –“ 
“I know,” I say, interrupting and looking at him quite seriously. “But Luca, it’s not like we haven’t had our own challenges these past two days too –“ 
He smiles at me, at the understatement of it all, and I can’t help the matching smile that takes my lips. 
“I just don’t want you to think you’re not important to me,” I murmur, pressing a warm hand to his cheek and sending a great deal of warmth down our bond. “Or that she’s more important, or –“ 
“I get it,” Luca says, nodding to me and pressing a kiss to my cheek. “We’re good, Ari – go check in with your friend! Friendships are important!” 
A great deal of love swells in me at Luca’s support and I hug him tight for a moment, so grateful for him. Because there’s something in me that knows that he came off as the selfish one in this whole thing – that he was the one to first say he wanted me to give up Jackson, that he wanted a timeline on me making my choice between them. 
But really, overall, Luca has been so supportive of me at every turn. Hell, he was eager to have me even when he thought it meant changing his entire understanding of his sexuality. He just…loves me, and wants me to himself like everyone else with a mate does, and he isn’t shy about voicing that. But when it comes to what I want, and what I need? 
At every turn, Luca has been on my side, even if it takes him a moment to get there. 
I’m just so, so lucky to have him in my life.
“Love you,” Luca murmurs, holding me tight for a second before he lets me go. And I beam at him, pressing another kiss to his mouth before I stand up and move over to the bar. Ben – angel that he is – takes two glasses of champagne off the little tray next to Daphne and carries them over to Luca, wanting to keep him company. 
“Hi,” I say, almost skipping to Daphne’s side, where she hands me a glass of champagne and gives me a shy smile. 
“Hi,” she replies, laughing a little. 
“Be careful with that,” Jesse calls to me with a studied frown, peering over Daphne’s shoulder. “I poured this champagne, and checked to ensure the bottle was sealed before I opened it, but Daphne may have slipped something in that when my back was turned –“ 
Daphne groans, covering her face with her hand and shaking her head, even as she laughs a little at Jesse’s teasing. 
“You could wake up on the floor of this train twenty-four hours from now, or absolutely anywhere else, completely under Daphne’s control –“ Jesse continues in mock-seriousness, grinning at me now that Daphne can’t see. 
“Will I never live this down!?” Daphne calls, her face still buried in her hand. 
“Oh, when you’ve given him ammunition like this?” Rafe asks, laughing and stepping close, taking his own champagne glass from Jesse. “Daphne, this is enough for years worth of teasing. He may spin this one out until the end of time.” 
Daphne sighs, dropping her hand to look up at the Prince and the Duke with a little good-humored exhaustion.
“Greatest midwinter gift I’ve ever been given,” Jesse says, grinning at her and lifting his glass of champagne in her direction. “I’m eternally grateful, Daph.” 
“Yeah, yeah,” she murmurs, flapping a hand at him, “saves me from having to buy you a sweater, doesn’t it?” We all laugh as the train chugs along, our little car rocking softly from side to side as we go. 
“To Daphne,” Rafe calls out, raising his champagne glass. We all do the same, everyone smiling – even Daphne, who blushes a warm and pleased red. “Who has knocked us all out with her poison, yes, but especially with her warm presence and rich company. We’re so pleased you’re here, Daph.” 
And as I raise my glass to my friend, I don’t miss the way that Rafe smiles at her. 
It’s a smile that I’m not sure I’ve seen before on Rafe, a very…rare sort of smile. That he perhaps saves for a very rare sort of girl. 
Anxious, my eyes dart to Ben, who I see… 
Well, I see that Ben doesn’t miss it either. 
And that his own smile looks more forced than it usually does.
###Chapter 0258
Chapter 0258
A cheer goes round the train car and we all lift our glasses higher, toasting our friend and making her feel at home, before we each take a sip. Daphne, a little embarrassed but clearly pleased, struggles to take a sip because she’s smiling so hard. A little rush of joy moves through me as the rich taste of the champagne moves across my tongue, the bubbles echoing the effervescent happiness of my soul in this moment. 
“Well, thank you,” Daphne says, nodding her head around to all of us. “But the true celebration is your success at the Academy this first semester –“ 
We all cheer round at this too, laughing and shouting, I think needing this outlet after the stress of it all. 
“To making it through!” Daphne says, raising her glass again, and we all toast to this as well, sipping more. When it’s all done, I frown at mine and Daphne’s half-filled glasses and move around her to grab the second bottle of champagne out of Jesse’s hands the moment he pops it open. 
“Hey!” he shouts in protest, but I know that he doesn’t really care as I take the bottle by the neck and move back to Daphne’s side. 
“Sorry, this is girl champagne,” I say, giving a little shrug and carefully looping my arm with Daphne’s, grinning at her and nodding towards the door to the bathroom at the far end of the room. I turn my smile on her alone now. “Want to take a second, just me and you?” 
“Well, if there’s girl champagne involved,” she says, giving a happy little shrug. “Who am I to protest?” 
“I know there’s some boy champagne back here,” Jesse murmurs jokingly, ducking beneath the bar and pretending to search.
“Boy champagne is just whiskey,” Rafe mutters, dry, as Daphne and I move along to the bathroom and I push open the door. “Is there any of that back there?” 
“Yes!” Jesse shouts, victorious, popping back up with a tiny bottle that our dad either forgot to have removed or secretly hid there, knowing Rafe would want it. It’s his drink, after all. “Boy champagne, all around!” 
And, as the boys start to pull out cut crystal glasses to drink their own toast, I shut the door behind Daphne and I and prepare myself for a much-needed bit of girl time. 
When I turn around, prepping to pour both of us more champagne, I smile to see Daphne looking around a bit in awe. 
“Um,” she murmurs, taking in the wide pink cushion that stretches along the length of the window, the crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling, the marble finishes to the sink and the tucked-away toilet area. “This was…not what I was expecting when I thought ‘train bathroom.’” 
“I know,” I say, laughing and gesturing over to the window seat. “This was…all mom. But she knows that a bathroom is for more than bodily function.” 
It’s true, though. As Daphne and I settle ourselves onto the pink cushion and I refill our flutes, I consider that while mom and dad designed this caboose together – as they do most things – she really took the reins in here. The main room of the train car has much more dad in it – dark colors, masculine lines, polished wood - all rich monied elegance. But here, with rose-gold details and lilies and soft bright lighting? 
Yup. Dad probably didn’t even think about the bathroom, and mom snuck this in. Which is probably why it’s my favorite space.
“Ari,” Daphne sighs, and I open my mouth to stop her saying that she’s sorry – but she puts out a hand towards me. “Will you please let me get this apology out? It’s important to me.” 
“But I’ve already forgiven you,” I say, smiling softly as I rest my head against the wall. “If there’s anything to forgive.” 
“I know, and I’m grateful for that,” she says, nodding, “but…I mean, it’s unforgiveable, isn’t it? I feel like you may never trust me again. You should be able to trust me implicitly – know that I’d never, ever slip something into your drink or betray you in any way. Because, I mean, if I can be bought so easily…well, why would you trust me in the future?” 
“What do you mean, bought?” I ask, frowning. 
“They were having trouble figuring out how to knock you all out before the trial,” she says with a worried frown. “Most of the cadets were eating alone or in two’s, so they just slipped it into the food, but you guys, with your party…. They came to me last minute and told me the plan. I refused at first, but they said if I didn’t do it then they’d fire me.” 
“Daph,” I say, shaking my head. “That was unfair of them, not you – you were just doing your job. And it was absolute crap for them to make you do something you were uncomfortable with and threaten your job if you didn’t.” 
“I know,” she replies with a frown. “But still…I don’t want anything to be damaged between us.” 
“And I promise you, it’s not!” I say, reaching out and putting a hand on her knee, willing her to believe me. I watch as her eyes flick to the door too. “And they’re not mad either. Honestly, Daphne, we’re good! If anything, I’m going to have a talk with my dad about how they threatened you at work. That’s not right.”
###Chapter 0259
Chapter 0259
Daphne sighs and we talk through some further protests, but finally we get to the point where we both feel like we’re on even terms. The champagne helps, I think, unwinding our tongues and our inhibitions, and after long I think we’re feeling even again, renewed. 
Which is how I know that it’s time to blow up our world again. 
“What?” she asks, frowning at me, sensing that I’m prepping to tell her something as she holds out her glass for a refill. I oblige her, filling my own as well. 
“I’ve been keeping secrets, Daph,” I say with a sigh. Her eyes go wide and I laugh little, shaking my head. “Nothing to do with you, but…” 
And then, with another big sigh – honestly, I’m getting kind of tired of sighing – I spill. I tell her everything – about having two mates, and Luca and Jackson figuring it out last night, and how everything went to pieces, and how Jackson didn’t show up for the train today. 
Daphne is an amazing listener, scooting immediately closer to me and wrapping an arm around my shoulders. She quietly listens to the whole story, nodding her understanding and hugging me tighter and tighter as I go. “Wow,” she murmurs when I’m all finished. “Ari – that’s…that’s insane.” 
“I know,” I groan, shaking my head. 
“I can’t believe Jackson didn’t come home for winter break,” she murmurs, looking over her shoulder out the back window of the caboose, almost as if she’ll see him running back up the tracks behind us or something. “What a jerk.” 
I laugh a little, straightening up and shaking my head at her. “He’s not a jerk, Daphne, he doesn’t have it in him to be a jerk –“ 
“All men do,” she says with narrowed eyes, and I laugh, which just makes her laugh in turn.
“No, Jacks is…he’s just delicate in this way,” I say on a sigh. “I guess he just…needed a minute alone to figure out how he feels about all of this. But at least Luca’s here.” 
“Yeah,” Daphne says, patting my shoulder warmly. “But I get it. You wanted both of them – you want both of them. It’s hard for everyone, I think.” 
She takes a moment to consider me, tilting her head a little bit. “So,” she says quietly, “they want you to choose between them?” 
Slowly I nod, sipping my champagne. 
“And are you…leaning one way or another yet?” Her question is hesitant, careful. 
My eyes go wide and my mouth pops open. “No!” I say, shaking my head vehemently. 
“Really?” she says, leaning forward, pressing but doing so delicately. “Like, not even at all? Not even a little bit of you liking one more than the other, or seeing a…a better life match? Or…” she wrinkles her nose a little bit here before lifting her champagne to her lips, “who might be…better in bed?” 
I burst out laughing at this and cover my face for a second with my hands. “No, Daphne,” I say with a sigh, dropping my hand and smiling at her. “I mean, honestly, they’re both really different and bring different thing to the table – but maybe it’s because I’m mated to both of them? But I’m absolutely not leaning towards one or the other right now. They’re both…mine.” 
I sigh, hoping it makes sense, even though I know it’s probably impossible unless you’re in my own heart. 
“Well, then that just makes it all harder, doesn’t it?” Daphne says, twisting her lips a little as she stares at me with empathy.
I nod, leaning my head against the wall, grateful that she understands. 
Daphne’s eyes move over me now, taking in how sad and exhausted I am by all of this. I mean – it’s been a big couple of days. I think it makes sense that I’m tired and stressed by it all, even if we are celebrating today. 
“You know what might make you feel better?” she says, soft and encouraging. I lift my head, curious. She grins, leaning closer. “Turning you back into a girl.” 
I sit up straight, laughing “What!?” 
“Come on!” she says, her smile deepening. “Don’t you want to go back to the Capital as a girl!? You can borrow some of my clothes, and I have make up –“ 
“Yes!” I shout, immediately enthused. “Oh my god, yes!” 
That’s enough for both of us. We jump off of the window seat and hurry for the door. The boys all turn to us in surprise as we burst through it, but we ignore them. Daphne heads immediately for her suitcase as I dash behind the bar, getting a bottle of wine instead of champagne so that we’re thoroughly fortified for our mission. 
“Important Princess business!” Daphne says loftily as she strides back towards the bathroom, her case swinging in her hand.
###Chapter 0260
Chapter 0260
“Yes, pay no attention!” I call to all the boys, chin high, as I head back into the main room of our train car after Daphne. “However, the bathroom will be off limits for the next hour, so you can all just…deal with it!” I’m about to close the door behind me when I hear Luca’s next words. 
“Do I even want to know?” Luca murmurs to the boys, a little shocked and fascinated as he watches us go. 
I grin, pressing my eye to the crack in the door and watching this unfold. 
“Nope, it’s girl stuff.” Rafe says, clapping a hand on his shoulder. “So, you definitely do not.” 
“You poor thing,” Ben says, resting his hand supportively on Luca’s other shoulder. “I always forget you don’t have sisters, so you’re completely unaware of the rules and codes of girl time.” 
“Welcome to this land of mysteries,” Jesse says gravely, raising a glass of whiskey towards Luca. Luca responds with a smirk, raising his own glass and clinking it against my cousin’s. “There’s a lot of glitter here.” 
I laugh, rolling my eyes at all four of them, and press the door firmly shut. And with that Daphne and I lock ourselves away and get to work. 
My brows arch when I see the incredible amount of clothes that Daphne has packed into such a small case. 
“I know,” she says as we lean over cache together and she quickly sorts through it. “I’m a great packer. Plus, I really like these thin fabrics that really save space –“ 
Daphne quickly explains the logic behind her packing choices while pulling out a few options that she thinks will suit me. Daphne is taller and a little fuller-figured than me, and certainly more gifted in the chest, so she picks a few options that are not quite as fitted. I admire each of them in turn, but
a soft “oohh” slips from my lips when she pulls out a mod-style navy dress with white trim and gold details. 
“Yeah!?” Daphne says, grinning at me. “You like this one?” 
“Can I?” I squeak, taking it gently in my hands. Daphne laughs and pushes it towards me and I quickly change as Daphne pulls a pair of white booties out of the bottom of the case. As I pull the dress over my head, I bless our luck that our feet are miraculously the same size. 
When I turn to look at myself in the large mirror above the sink, I give a little gasp. Because, I mean, it’s just a chic little day dress – it’s certainly not the most dramatic thing I’ve ever worn. But in the mirror I see a girl looking back at me – 
And god, god I’ve missed being a girl. 
“Yup, this is the one,” Daphne says, coming to stand beside me and tugging at the dress in her seamstress way. “Let’s just fix the hem a little –“ 
I laugh and wave a hand at her. “It doesn’t need to be fixed, it’s perfect –“ 
“It’s an inch too long!” Daphne protests, horrified, even though the hem is already a little past mid- thigh. “And if this is my first time dressing a Princess, then it’s going to be perfect!” 
“You’ve been dressing a Princess for months,” I remind her, dry. But Daphne just laughs and ignores me, getting her needle and thread and rapidly making the changes she wants to ensure that the fit is, as she said, perfect. That done, we move on to my hair and my makeup – just light touches, but things that make me feel more and more like my former self as the time passes. 
But as my image in the mirror transforms, I have to admit – I’m not sure how I feel about it.
“What?” Daphne asks, leaning back a little as she takes in my frown, the little stick of eyeliner suddenly still in her hand. “You don’t like this color?” 
“No,” I murmur, shifting my eyes to her from my reflection in the mirror. “It’s just…I don’t know if I want to be Princess Ariel again. She was kind of a pushover. Cadet Ari Clark is…tougher than she is.” 
“I hate to break it to you,” Daphne says, leaning in with a false grimace. “But Ariel…they’re the same person.” 
I burst into laughter, cheered, and she does too. “No, but seriously, Daphne! I’m afraid I’ll fall into all my old ways – I used to be so pleasant and obliging. I was willing to do anything – get married, even! Just to make peace and help the country. I guess I’m afraid that now that if I’m stepping back into that role, I’ll step back into those old habits.” 
“Yeah, but now you’re also a kickass marksman who knows a lot about poisons,” she says, shrugging and turning my face so she can finish the make up on my other eye. “So, if anyone tries to make you do anything you don’t want to, you can just smile pleasantly and slip something terrible into their dinner.” 
“Good point,” I murmur, but my mind still turns on it, wondering what it’s going to be like to go back the life of a Princess. Being a cadet – being a boy – there were so many freedoms there, even if there were a great deal of secrets. 
“Well, I’ve got your back,” Daphne says quietly before she blows on my closed eyelid to dry the liquid eyeliner. “And so does your cute little pack of Alphas out there –“
###Chapter 0261
Chapter 0261
I laugh, opening my eye. “Don’t let them hear you calling them cute.” 
“Oh, Jesse would kill to hear me call him cute,” she says, her voice heavy with the understatement, which just makes me laugh harder. 
“And what about you?” I ask. “What can I do to have your back?” 
“You’re already doing it,” she says cheerfully. “I mean, you’re brining me to the palace for winter break, Ari! People would kill for that.” 
“It’s just my house,” I say with a sigh, rolling my eyes, wanting to do more, but she laughs at that. 
“Well, you’re wearing my clothes,” she says, gesturing towards the dress. 
“That’s a favor you did me –“ I protest, confused. “My mom makes sure I have probably the biggest wardrobe in the country besides hers, and here I am, stealing your dress –“ 
“No, Ari,” she says, laughing, “you’re like…wearing my designs.” 
“Oh,” I say, looking down at the dress anew, “oh, like, you made this!?” 
“Of course I did!” she says, grinning at me. 
“Daphne!” I gasp, amazed. “This is like, a beautiful dress! This is amazing!” 
“And think about the gift you’ve given my mom, who will get to hear about you wearing it,” she says, laughing with me and turning me towards the mirror so I can take in the whole picture. Me, again a girl, again a Princess, standing with my friend in the dress she designed. I suddenly feel very warm, and very, very happy.
“More people than that will see it,” I murmur, tilting my head to rest on her shoulder. “After all, the palace steps are going to be flooded with paparazzi.” 
“What?” she gasps. 
“The crown Prince and the Duke returning from their first successful semester at the Academy with Luca Grant in tow? Not to mention the missing Princess, who has suddenly appeared in this carriage?” I burst out laughing at the shock on her face. “Yeah, Daphne – there’s going to be press.” 
“Oh my god,” she says, giving me a little shove. “I have to get changed! I can’t show up like this!” 
I grin, taking in her Seamstress uniform, the only thing I’ve ever seen her in except the pretty floral dress she wore to our party the night before the Examination. “I think you look great, Daph!” 
“Out, out!” she shouts, flapping her hands at me. “I need quiet! I need to think about this! Tell the boys still no more bathroom, because I need to plan and plot what I’m going to wear!” 
“Yes, ma’am!” I say, shaking my head and refilling her glass of wine, sensing that she’ll need it, before I head out the door into the carriage. 
When I step out into the main room of the train car, I stop a little when everything goes silent. My eyes go wide as I instantly whip my head around, looking for threats, but then the silence is split by Jesse’s impressed whistle. 
“Well look at you, cousin!” he shouts, laughing. “It’s a girl!” 
I burst out laughing, blushing and giving a little curtsey as I realize their shock was just seeing me out of my Academy clothing for the first time in months. I smile at Luca especially, realizing that this is the first time he’s seeing me really in girl clothes outside of the dream state.
“Who are you,” he says, his voice mock threatening as he slowly gets to his feet and narrows his eyes. “And what have you done, with my mate, Ari Clark?” 
“Aw, I threw him off the train,” I say, twisting my lips in mock apology as I gesture over my shoulder with my thumb. “Decided we don’t have use for him anymore – at least not for the next couple of weeks.” 
“Awesome,” he murmurs, crossing the distance between us in two long steps and wrapping his arms around me, laughing. Behind us, Ben, Jesse and Rafe laugh and continue their conversation, giving us a second mostly alone. 
“So what do you think?” I ask, wrinkling my nose as I look up at him. “Do you like me all girly?” 
“I love you all girly,” he says, grinning down at me as he strokes a hand over my hair. “I mean, don’t get me wrong, I like you all tough in Cadet Black too –“ 
“Thank you!” I say, quite pleased. 
“And I like you all stressed out in your pajamas, moaning in agony over a chemistry textbook –“ 
I squeak a little, liking this one less. 
“And I like you when you’re asleep on the couch cushion, that cute little line of drool dripping out of your mouth –“ 
It’s a full on shout of dissent now, even as I laugh, smacking my hands against his chest. “Rude!” I snap, though I can’t help my smile. 
“I like all iterations of Ariel,” he murmurs, pulling me tighter, and I drop my head back on my neck so that I can grin up at him, at his beautiful face, at the way his eyes crinkle at their corners when he
teases me like this. “But you look very beautiful today, and I’m excited to see this side of you along with the rest of them.” 
“Good,” I murmur, standing on my toes and pressing a kiss to his mouth. “Because this train just started slowing down – and you’re about to walk into the Capital with the Princess on your arm. Are you ready for it?” 
“Oh,” he murmurs, his voice a low, eager growl. “I’m ready for it, Ariel Sinclair. You just lead the way.”
###Chapter 0262
Chapter 0262
A little bell dings in the train carriage, as it always does when we’re about ten minutes away from our destination. My head turns almost automatically towards Rafe and Jesse, who likewise turn towards me. We all nod, confirming that we all understand that we should prepare for our arrival to the capital, perhaps even come up with a plan or a story for how I got here, and why, and so on. 
But even as I look towards my brother, Luca’s arms tighten around me, and I look back up at him. “Do you have a second?” he asks, looking down at me with so much true sincerity in his eyes that I’m a little taken aback. 
“Sure,” I say, nodding to him, and then I glance back at Rafe and Jesse, silently letting them know I’m taking a minute, before I slip out of Luca’s arms and, taking his hand, lead him over to a quiet corner of the carriage. There we sit on a tiny little loveseat, so close that I’m basically in his lap. 
Luca takes a quiet moment to just look at me, lifting a hand to stroke his knuckles gently down the length of my cheek, his eyes searching mine. 
“I wanted to say I was sorry,” Luca finally says, quite softly, turning his hand to cup my cheek as he looks into my face. 
“For what?” I breathe, raising my hand to cover his. “Luca, I haven’t said it enough, but I’m the one who should be sorry – and I am sorry –“ 
“No,” he interrupts, shaking his head. “You were – well, I mean, Ariel, I’m still not thrilled about how everything went down. But I understand it better now – and I get why you did what you did. But…I behaved poorly, didn’t I?” 
“Luca,” I murmur, feeling terrible that he feels so bad – because honestly, I think that all of his reactions were really, really normal. Most Alphas, when they meet their mates, are very volatile and
protective – everything he did and said fits that concept – he was just trying to keep me close, to keep threats to our bond away. 
“No,” Luca insists, his mouth twisting with disappointment. “Jesse was right when he said I was bullying you, manipulating you. I didn’t mean to, Ariel, I hope you can believe me with that –“ 
“I do,” I breathe, nodding fervently and meaning it, passing all the trust I can along the bond to him. 
“I just – I was so desperate not to lose you. And I was so scared that that’s what was happening. I was grasping at straws, trying to control the situation, and in doing so I was really unfair. Please, please forgive me for it.” 
My heart breaks when his voice cracks on his final words, and I can’t help crawling closer to him now, lifting myself fully into his lap, snuggling close to him as he wraps his arms around me. “It’s passed, Luca,” I whisper. “Don’t think on it anymore – we were all in a terrible situation, we all behaved poorly. We’re all forgiven and we can move on.” 
“Good,” he says, burying his face against my neck and taking a deep breath of my scent. “And in the future, I’ll…well, I want to say I’ll be better, but I think the best I can do is promise to try. I just get very desperate, when…when he’s around.” 
Nodding, understanding, I put my hands on his cheeks and lift his face to mine. “I get it,” I whisper, nodding. “I’ll try to. Try to be fair. Try to…” 
But I have no words then, because even the idea of trying to pick between them, of having to say goodbye forever to one of them… 
God, my heart threatens to shatter into a thousand pieces. 
So, I don’t think on it. And instead I just stare down into Luca’s gorgeous face – even despite his black eye and busted lip - into his beautiful brown eyes, into the sweet, fierce spirit that I can see
beneath them. And as I marvel at him a little bit, I smile. And I start to see his eyes crinkle at the corners, and I know that he feels my joy in him and gives it right back. 
“I really do think I’m right for you, Ari,” Luca whispers, sincerity in every line of his face as he leans close to me. 
I pull back a little, not really wanting to go there right now – especially not while half of me is still mourning that Jackson didn’t get on the train – but Luca gently reaches out and takes my hand, squeezing it softly. 
“No, please – I –“ he sighs, and hangs his head a little, shaking it while he gathers his words. Then he raises his eyes again, “I’m not trying to pressure you or convince you of it in this moment. I’m just trying to tell you what I know to be true, all right? That we’re a match, Ari – a really good one. I can handle your life, and your family, and your out-of-the-box career choices, because they all match with mine so well. And if you’ll let me – just…will you please let me show you how good we can be?”
###Chapter 0263
Chapter 0263
A smile slowly grows on my lips, because who on earth could resist such a sweet request? “Okay, Luca,” I whisper in reply, nodding to him once, leaning forward again. “You show me, and I’ll listen.” 
“Good,” he murmurs, grinning at me. His hand twitches in mine, and a muscle in his jaw feathers, and I tilt my head, wondering what the hell he’s resisting when suddenly he gives in and just grabs me to him, laughing and cuddling me close, whipping me around and making me shriek with laughter as he bends me back in his arms and brings his face close to mine. 
“Gorgeous,” Luca laughs, smirking and shaking his head down at me, “I’m going to have a lot of fun showing you just how good we can be together.” 
“Oh yeah?” I murmur, wrapping my hand slow around the back of his neck, loving the way the short hairs there brush against my fingers. “Just how much fun?” 
“You want me to show you?” he murmurs, his voice lowering and his eyes going half-lidded as one of his hands dips lower on my body, traveling down my back and steadily towards my ass. 
Breathless, I nod, tugging him closer, wanting his mouth on mine right now, completely ready to lose myself in my mate - 
Lose myself, that is, until I hear my brother clear his throat. 
I gasp a little, and drop my head back so that I’m looking at Rafe basically upside down. 
“If you guys could be convinced to wrap up this scandalous display?” he says, arms crossed and eyebrow raised, “we could perhaps…talk as a group?” I blush scarlet as I realize that my dress is indeed riding up shockingly short. 
Luca just laughs, grinning at Rafe and then at me as I scramble to sit and then stand, smoothing my skirt now and reminding myself that I’m no longer constantly in pants. God, it’s going to be harder
than I thought to remember how to be a girl. 
But Luca gives me a second to straighten myself out, holding out a hand for me, and when I take it he helps me to my feet and we walk with Rafe over to our friends, who are all grinning expectantly and peering out the windows as the train moves through the capital towards the station right at the center. As we move slowly towards the main hub of the city, I can see people outside our car stopping to point at the conspicuous red caboose at the back of the train, gasping and wondering at which of the royals are riding today. 
But surely, surely they know, right? Academy is out, after all, and everyone will be waiting for Rafe and Jesse to come home. The big surprise will be me, arriving with them. I turn towards my brother and my cousin, suddenly anxious, and Jesse steps towards us, his face serious. 
Together, as Daphne comes out of the bathroom freshly changed and looking amazing in a sage- green wrap dress, Jesse, Rafe and I decide that the simplest thing will be to…not say anything. Like mom and dad so often do, we’re simply going to let the press conclude what they will about me arriving home with Rafe and Jesse, and if anyone pushes on the subject we can just drop some hints about what Aunt Cora said – that I spent my time peacefully in a convent close to the academy. 
“Are there even any convents?” Daphne asks, arms crossed, frowning around at us as Ben and Luca bring backpacks over and the train slows further, clearly preparing to stop. “Close to the academy? Or like…any at all?” 
I wrinkle my nose in similar confusion, because…I mean, is there? How plausible is our story? But there’s no time to think on it as Jesse interrupts my thoughts. 
“It gives me great pleasure that you don’t know the answer to this question, Daphne,” he says, grinning at her and pressing a hand to his chest, giving a little bow. “As it would be a great blow to mankind if you ever decided to join a convent. Also, your dress is amazing and you look great.”
Daphne beams at Jesse while she laughs and thanks him, but I turn my head as I look between them and then glance at Rafe, who I’m shocked to see is…frowning a little bit. What – what’s going on here?
###Chapter 0264
Chapter 0264
I glance at Luca, who likewise looks at me curiously, picking up on the same vibe. 
Because – I mean – Jesse just said some really nice things to Daphne, but the way he delivered them…he wasn’t hitting on her at all. No flirting, no quiet looks of interest. Instead, he just laid out her compliments like he would to any friend who was feeling anxious about their debut in a new city. 
Is Jesse – is he not interested in Daphne anymore, the girl to whom he’s professed his ever-lasting love? Was that all a joke? 
Or, because we’re back at the Capital, has he just moved on to other girls, letting Daphne fall to the wayside? 
And… 
Well, why is Rafe frowning at Jesse for being so nice to Daphne? 
He’s iealous, Luca says directly into my mind, and I look with surprise up into his eyes. Quietly, subtly, he nods to me. Rafe, he continues, he wishes he’d said that first. 
How do you know that!? I ask, likewise silent. 
I know he’s jealous, Luca continues wordlessly, giving an accompanying shrug, because that’s how I’ve felt and looked, when someone beat me to saying the things I wanted to say to the girl I liked. 
But Jesse’s not even hitting on her! I say, casting out a hand in protest. He’s just being a good friend! 
Doesn’t matter, Luca continues, shaking his head and staring into my eyes. He got to -
“Are you guys doing it?” Ben asks from between and slightly behind me and Luca. My mate and I both jump, spinning to see him standing there, looking between us curiously. “Were you like… talking mind-to-mind?” 
“Um,” I say, glancing up at Luca, not sure if it’s a secret or not. 
“Kinda,” Luca says, giving Ben a little shrug. 
“Cool!” Ben says, bursting into a grin as the train comes to a full stop. “Wait, so, what does it sound like? Can you like, hear each other, or is it impressions of words –“ 
“As fascinating as this is,” Rafe says, interrupting, his tone implying that it’s the least interesting thing he’s ever heard. “I think it’s time that we prepare to disembark. And because half of us are new to this…I think that we should prep you for what’s coming next.” 
Luca, Ben, and Daphne go a little pale as Jesse and I sigh. Because Rafe is right – things have changed now, and while we’re used to our world it might take them a little time to adjust. I cast my eyes over Ben and Daphne especially, because at least Luca knows what it’s like to be in the spotlight. 
Rafe spends the next few minutes explaining that we will wait to get off of the train until all the other cadets disembark and a team of guards from the Palace can come and sweep both the train and the platform for any threats. Once that’s done, we’ll disembark and be surrounded by guards whose job it is to stop anyone who tries to annoy or harm us. There will be paparazzi waiting for us outside of the station, but in general, we’ll basically have a bubble of protection around us as we head for the cars. 
Jesse, a little bored by the briefing – because of course, we’ve done this since we were kids – wanders off to the bar and comes back with a few glasses of wine, pressing them into everyone’s
hands. I take a cheerful little sip, attempting to give Rafe the attention he deserves but failing a tiny bit. After all, I know everything he’s going to say. 
When Jesse presses a glass of wine into Daphne’s hand, she looks up at him, anxious. “Um,” she whispers, tucking her hair behind her ear, “is this the best idea? More to drink?” 
“Oh, yes,” Jesse whispers back, nodding definitively, his face perfectly serious. “Actually, the best way through any and all royal functions is just to be completely drunk the entire time –“ 
“It’s true,” I whisper, stepping close to Daphne and giving her a wink. “Jesse’s actually been drunk every waking moment since he was eight years old –“ 
Daphne bursts into laughter at this, looking up at Jesse, who laughs too and smiles down at her. 
“Um, excuse me,” Rafe says, frowning over at us, and we all snap our attention back to him. “Am I doing this briefing for myself?” 
“I’m listening!” Ben says cheerfully, raising his own glass of wine and then draining it. “You’re doing great, Rafe! Very interesting, very informative! Beautifully presented!” 
I can’t help it - I burst into laughter again. And then we all do. Rafe is the last to join us, but then he groans and gives in, snatching Jesse’s glass of wine out of his hands and draining it as Ben did. “That’s what I get, for trying to be the responsible one.” 
“Which is why,” Jesse says, slinging an arm around Rafe’s shoulders, “I’ve been trying to convince you to stop taking that role since we were, like, born. If you would just turn into a reckless disgrace like Ariel and me, we could take over the world -”
###Chapter 0265
Chapter 0265
Rafe scowls at him, but suddenly the door opens, and a man in a royal uniform steps inside, giving a sharp bow. I burst into a smile as he straightens up, because of course I recognize Captain Conner, who heads up the Royal guard and who we’ve known since we were babies. 
“Your Highness, your Grace,” he begins, nodding to Jesse and Rafe, “honored guests,” Captain Conner continues, nodding around to the rest of us, but then he stutters to a stop when his eyes fall on me. Conner freezes for a second and then bursts into a smile, bowing low again. “Your highness,” he murmurs, and his face is the picture of happiness as he stands straight. “Forgive me, I wasn’t expecting you.” 
“That’s okay!” I say, waving a cheerful hello. “It’s so good to see you!” 
He smiles at me but then fights it, working hard to return to his professional demeanor. He takes a deep breath, nodding again, and gesturing towards the door. “If you’ll accompany me? The station has been cleared and the cars are waiting.” 
Rafe nods our readiness and Conner steps outside. Then we all grab our backpacks, and Daphne her suitcase, and file cheerfully off the train. 
“Wow,” Daphne says, looking around the giant train station with its soaring glass ceilings. Her smile reveals how impressed she is as she walks next to me, my hand in Luca’s. “This is…this is amazing…” 
“First time in the capital, Daph?” Luca asks, friendly. 
“Yeah,” she says, grinning. “I’m staying a few days – for your fight, of course –“ 
He beams at her for this.
“And then I’m going to go to my mom’s for the holidays themselves.” Daphne and Luca continue to chat with me in the middle, him asking her where home is, and Daphne letting him know that it’s a little bit north of the capital – just a small town where a fabric mill used to be in the days of industrialization. They chat about family history, but on Daphne’s mention of the north, my mind drifts – predictably – to someone else I know who is from a place much further north. 
My heart sinks a little, even as I hold Luca’s hand, and I work very hard to ensure that my emotions don’t travel down my bond to him. Because I’m not sure he needs to know right now just how sad I am that Jackson didn’t meet us at the train, that he didn’t come to the Capital. Part of me wanted him to come so that he can meet my family, and so that they can meet him, but – 
I mean, another part just wants him close. He’s my mate, after all. What am I going to do without him for two weeks? How am I supposed to bear it? I mean, I don’t even have any way of contacting him. It’s not like he has a phone at the Academy. 
Or otherwise, if we’re being honest. 
I sigh, and do my very best to cover my sadness, and I don’t think Luca notices as he continues to chat with Daphne. Her eyes, however, flick to me, her mouth pressing to a sad little line. 
But I give her a wink, and force myself to lift my chin, determining to make the best of it. 
I look forward, making myself think about how happy I will be when I see my mom, and dad, and my brother and sister – and Jesse’s huge, insane family. They, too, will be waiting for us at the palace when we arrive. 
I feel more cheerful as we walk, as I glance around the familiar train station that I’ve been in a thousand times, my eyes sliding over the people who are bustling around, going about their daily business and trying to get home through the cold. And even if my eyes do settle on one particularly
tall figure leaning against a lamppost, his back to us and his shoulders turned in, I know it’s just my imagination – my hopes - getting the better of me. 
I grit my teeth against my second sigh, forcing my eyes up to all of the pretty tilework that rings the borders of the station, making myself admire the artistry of our people but… 
Well, my eyes drift back to the tall figure. 
And as we get closer and closer…I narrow my eyes. 
Because… 
But no. There’s no way. 
But then suddenly it’s there – the scent of pine, and embers, and the sense of warm cozy things on cold nights – 
And before I can even stop myself, I’ve dropped Luca’s hand. Suddenly I’m sprinting – my mate’s name on my lips. 
Jackson turns when he hears his name called, his face curious and serious. But the moment he sees that it’s me? 
God, the smile that breaks out on his face - it’s the prettiest damn thing I’ve ever seen. 
Captain Conner gasps as I burst past him, grabbing for me and shouting my name, but I’m beyond him now, laughing as I dash across the end of the platform and throw myself into Jackson’s open arms.
###Chapter 0266
Chapter 0266
“You came!” I breathe, thrilled and relieved and nearly insane with happiness as Jackson laughs and lifts me up, holding me tight against his chest. 
“I could get used to this greeting,” he murmurs, his arms wrapped so snug around me, his face so close to mine that our noses brush. 
“You scared me!” I protest, half laughing and half shouting as I smack him on the chest with both hands, one after the other. “Why didn’t you come into our train car!? Why didn’t you tell me!? I was so sad! I thought you stayed behind!” 
Jacks shrugs, smiling at me like he can’t keep the joy off his face, his blue eyes shining. “I figured my presence in your fancy royal car would cause more trouble than it was worth. You deserved a minute to be calm and happy, and I didn’t mind riding with the other cadets. I just slept the whole time anyway.” 
“And you didn’t think,” I say, taking his perfect face between my palms and narrowing my eyes, scolding playfully, “that maybe I wanted you close by?” 
“Well, you’ve got me close by now,” he murmurs, lifting his chin towards me in a bit of a challenge. “So, what are you going to do with me?” He tightens his arms, further proving his point as his voice drops an octave to a level that…does dangerous things to me. Emotionally. Physically. 
My smile grows slowly, a little devious, but my response is clipped by the sound of Rafe clearing his throat again. 
I turn my head and blink in surprise to see my family and friends standing around us now, and the guards grouped around them, all of them staring at us.
Except for Luca. A strong pang of guilt runs through me when I see him staring at the ground to his side, clenching his jaw. 
“Ariel?” Rafe says, his arms crossed as he glares at me. “Would you like to…climb down? Before the paparazzi get some great footage of this?” 
“Um,” I say awkwardly in response before turning to Jackson and giving him a little grimace. Unperturbed, he smiles at me and slowly lowers me to the ground, careful to ensure that my skirt doesn’t ride up. 
“You know, you don’t have to pick her up every time you greet her,” Rafe says softly, frowning at Jackson. 
Jackson just stares at Rafe like that is clearly not true. 
Rafe just rolls his eyes, laughing a little as he moves on and I fix my dress into less rumpled lines. Captain Conner looks a little frantically between me and Jackson before moving his eyes to Luca, with whom I was just holding hands. I sigh, realizing that…whatever secrecy I held on to at the Academy, isn’t hasn’t really disappeared here, has it? 
Unless I want the entire nation to know about my complicated love triangle, I have got to learn to cool it. 
“Captain Conner,” I say, stepping forward towards him and doing my best to be the nation’s Princess again. “This is Jackson McClintock. We got accidentally separated from him on the way home, but he’ll be joining us at the Palace for break and should have all the rights and freedoms of an honored guest.” 
“As you will it, Highness,” Conner says, giving me a sharp bow. He casts out a hand towards the three-story arch through which the city waits. “If we have our entire party now…?”
His implication is clear and, with another little glare at me, Rafe leads the way out. Luca follows close behind him, not looking at me, and Daphne sends me a little smile and a nod before she hurries her steps to walk with Luca, making a little small talk that I hope will comfort him. 
Ben and Jesse fall in with Jackson and I as we bring up the rear, both of them greeting Jackson warmly and likewise telling him that they’re thrilled he came along. Jackson’s smile in response to their genuine excitement to see him fills my heart with joy, because I’m watching him realize that he truly has friends now.
###Chapter 0267
Chapter 0267
It gets a little awkward in the close quarters of the limousine, but Jesse does a good job of breaking the awkwardness by pouring more champagne – god, mom really made sure we were stocked – and pointing out all of the landmarks that we pass on the way to the palace to Ben and Daphne, keeping us all laughing with his commentary. 
Rafe, when we got in the car, sat me deliberately on his right with Daphne on my other side, very carefully ensuring that I wasn’t sitting next to either of my mates, I think trying to be fair to both of them. But as we draw close to the palace, Rafe turns to Jackson on his left and raises an eyebrow. “You ready for this?” he murmurs, smirking a little. 
“Absolutely not,” Jackson returns, deadpan. But then he smiles at my brother, and moves his eyes to me, and his smile deepens. “But we’ll get through it, right?” 
“That’s the spirit,” Rafe says, laughing and clinking his glass against Jackson’s before taking a sip. 
Jackson just glances down at his champagne with distaste. 
“What,” I say, leaning further over Rafe with a grin, unable to help it. “You don’t like it?” 
“What is it?” he asks, baffled, holding his glass up to stare at the pale bubbly liquid. 
“It’s champagne!” I say, laughing. 
Jackson just shifts his eyes to me like I’m crazy if I think he knows what that means, which makes me laugh more. Jesse, having caught the conversation, laughs as well in a good-hearted way. “What do you like, Jacks?” he asks, flipping open the little travel bar that dad keeps quite well stocked back here. 
“I don’t know,” Jackson murmurs, peering over my head with surprise and a little delight at the secret compartment. “Something…brown.”
“Whiskey it is,” Jesse says, pouring him a draft and handing it down the line. 
“If he’s not going to have his champagne,” Luca calls, and I turn my head to him with surprise to see him holding out his hand. “I’ll take it.” 
Grinning, pleased to see him come back to himself a little more, I take Jackson’s glass and pass it down to Luca, who empties it into his own half-full flute. “No sense in wasting five-hundred-dollar champagne,” he murmurs, lifting his glass to me in a toast with a wink before taking a sip. 
“That cost five hundred dollars?” Jackson gasps, almost dropping his glass of whiskey in his shock. 
“Whoa, whoa,” Rafe says, putting a steadying hand under Jackson’s glass. “Listen, if you’re that shocked about the champagne, don’t even ask about the whiskey – just…be careful. And enjoy.” 
Jackson stares at Rafe, and then at me, and then at all of us in appalled shock, which just makes us all laugh harder. But after a moment he smiles too, shaking his head and taking it in stride. I lift a hand to my cheek, which aches a bit from smiling so much, because this is…this is working, isn’t it? 
At least right now it is. 
On my other side, Daphne’s leg bounces anxiously. 
“You okay?” I whisper, resting my hand on her knee. 
“Oh, you know,” she says, her voice high and too breezy. “Just…about to meet the king and the queen. Just a normal day. No reason to be anxious.” 
“They’re nice,” I whisper, grinning. And then I tap the bottom of her glass. “Bottom’s up. Liquid courage.”
“You want me to be drunk when I meet the royals!?” she says, aghast, but I catch the corner of her grin and realize that she’s kidding. 
“Yes,” Jesse says, leaning towards her with delight, “you’ll fit in just fine if you’re utterly plastered.” 
“You’re going to give her the impression that our family is all alcoholics,” I say, rolling my eyes at him as the limo pulls around the final corner to the palace and my home – my home! – comes into view. My face stretches with my smile, my cheeks aching more.
###Chapter 0268
Chapter 0268
“Not alcoholics,” he says, with a frown, “just your run-of-the-mill magical lycanthropes who know how to party. Finish up everyone!” he calls, leading by example and draining his glass. “We’re here!” 
I can’t help the little squeak of excitement that makes its way out of my mouth as I grab Daphne’s hand and pass glasses back along the line to Jesse, who neatly stacks them on top of the bar. And then, one by one, we climb out of the limousine and onto the steps of the palace. 
As soon as Rafe opens the door to the car, the shouts of the paparazzi start and lightbulbs begin to flash. 
Rafe goes first, followed by Jackson, and I eagerly follow after him, stepping close to my mate’s side and watching as his mouth slowly falls open while takes in the palace and all the people standing to our right, held off by red ropes, their cameras going mad. I glance once to the entrance and grin, a thrill of joy passing through me when I see my parents standing there, waiting to greet us. But I turn my eyes back to Jackson, wanting to make sure he’s okay. 
“You…you live here?” Jackson breathes, not even blinking as he takes in the expanse of the Palace. 
“What,” I say, frowning a little and looking where he’s looking. “is it like…big or something?” 
Jackson turns his head to me, staring, shocked, and I burst out laughing, unable to help myself from pressing closer to his side just for a moment, even though I don’t take his hand or wrap my arms around him, like I want to. 
“I’m kidding!” I say, laughing up into his face. “Obviously, it’s a ridiculous house. But yes, we live here – and inside we actually just have a really small suite of rooms to ourselves. It’s – well,” I shrug, “it’s cozy, if you can believe it.”
“If you’re there, it’s cozy,” he murmurs passively before glancing back up at the palace before us, apparently completely unaware of how damn sweet what he just said was. I beam at him, thrilled, before I feel my other mate come to my side. 
And then I turn my attention to Luca, tucking my hands behind my back as I look up into his face, beaming at him in turn. “You ready to meet my parents?” 
“Well, your mom I’ve met,” he murmurs consideringly as he looks up the steps towards my parents as Ben, Jesse, and Daphne climb out of the car. “Your dad…does he know who I am to you?” 
“He’s supposed to,” I say, giving a little shrug. “Mom said she’d tell him, so that…well, so that we didn’t have a scene like we did last night.” 
“Well then, Princess,” Luca says, surprising me by taking my arm in his own and starting forward after Rafe, leading me up the stairs like he’s my escort. Instantly I walk with him, not having enough time to take a moment to think about what it means – or what the press will make of it – if I walk up these stairs on Luca Grant’s arm. Because it’s already done, isn’t it? 
So instead of worrying about it I just smile at Luca and walk at his side. Because perhaps he’s right – what, really, is wrong with walking into the Palace on the arm of my mate? 
Luca and I smile at each other and then turn our faces forward, towards my parents as the seven of us troop up the steps to the palace where the King and the Queen of Moon Valley wait – the Queen with a wonderful smile, the King’s expression grim as he moves his eyes slowly between my two mates.
###Chapter 0269
Chapter 0269
As we walk up the steps, the paparazzi call out questions to us, asking where I’ve been and who the new members of our party are. I hear them also calling Luca’s name, but Luca is very professional about the whole situation, keeping his eyes focused ahead on my parents, who are waiting patiently for us at the top of the stairs. 
Again, I can’t help the huge smile on my face. My mom beams at all of us, her hands pressed to her heart, but she laughs aloud when she sees me, so pleased and happy that I’m here, and that I’m safe, and that I’ve managed to drag my two Alpha mates into what is sure to be a great deal of drama for her to enjoy. 
I shift my eyes to my dad after a moment, not letting it bother me that he’s looking very stern. After all, he usually always looks stern. But as dad watches me, his eyes flicking for a moment to both Luca and Jackson to let me know precisely what is on his mind, I see the corner of his mouth twitch just subtly. 
And I know, in that instant, that the sternness is all a front, and that he’s not actually mad at me. That he’s probably just as thrilled and excited to see his two eldest children as we are to see him. 
Something about that little twitch at the corner of my dad’s mouth breaks the final restraints I was keeping on myself and I burst into happy laugher, dropping my hand from Luca’s elbow and dashing up the final three stairs into my father’s arms. I hug my dad tight around his waist and his arms fold around me, holding me tight. I hear and feel the happy rumble in his chest as he pulls me closer to him. 
Out of the corner of my eye I see Rafe embrace mom quickly and then turn, starting to introduce her to our guests, some of whom she’s already met. 
Dad, however, pulls my attention back to him.
“Hello, little trouble,” he murmurs, and I pull back a little to smile up at him. He runs a fond hand down the length of my rose-gold hair. “Looks like you’ve been up to no good, haven’t you?” he says, again looking up to peer over my head at the two young men standing behind me. I quickly glance over my shoulder to see Luca meeting my father’s gaze, standing before him with Cadet sharpness – feet apart, his hands tucked behind his back, his face very serious. Behind him Jackson stands just as still. 
I turn back to my father with a smile, pointing upwards towards the sky. “Actually, dad, this wasn’t my fault. If you’re mad about it you’ll have to take it up with my grandmother, the moon.” 
Dad can’t help it - he bursts into laugher as he shakes he head at me and unfolds his arms, stepping away and reaching out a hand towards Luca. 
“Cadet Grant,” my dad says very seriously as I stand at his side, grinning and watching this unfold. “Welcome to the palace. I was looking forward to meeting you before your fight against the Atalaxians in two days – but now I am eager to get to know you for…other reasons.” Dad’s voice is low, rumbling, intimidating. 
Luca, to his credit, stands up beneath it. 
“Thank you, Sir,” he says, raising his chin and shaking dad’s hand seriously. “I’m looking forward to the opportunity to both defend the nation’s honor and speak with you about my intentions towards your daughter.” He shifts his eyes to me now, just briefly, a smile forming on his lips. “She means a great deal to me.” 
“I’m glad to hear it,” my dad says, and when I glance up to him I’m surprised to see that he’s… impressed? “That’s one hell of a shiner you’ve got there, son,” dad continues, lifting his chin towards Luca’s eye. “You going to be fit to fight?”
“What, this?” Luca says with a frown, gesturing towards his own face. “This is nothing, sir. At least you now know that I can take a punch one day and show up to the Palace on my best girl’s arm the next.” He glances at me, fond, before turning his eyes back to dad. “Whatever the Atalaxian’s throw at me, I can take it.” 
Dad bursts out laughing at this, apparently as charmed at the rest of the nation. And I don’t know how Luca knew to say it, but he picked precisely the right thing. My dad even gives him a little smile before shifting his eyes to Jackson. 
“Cadet McClintock,” dad says with a nod, holding out his hand. “It’s nice to see you again.” 
Luca graciously steps aside, making room for Jackson to step forward. Jackson does, meeting my father’s gaze and taking his hand, giving it a steady shake. “Sir,” he says, accompanying it with a serious nod. “Thank you for…welcoming me to your home.” 
My dad nods and drops Jackson’s hand. Awkward silence reins for a moment and I look between my dad and Jackson, realizing that my dad is studying him and – of all horrible things – waiting for him to continue.
###Chapter 0270
Chapter 0270
Jackson just stands, staring, having no idea what to do or say. I panic a little, getting ready to step in and introduce some new topic of conversation, but luckily mom comes to the rescue. 
“Jackson!” she says, stepping forward to wrap him in a warm hug, giving him a little kiss on the cheeks as she steps back and beams at him. “Welcome, darling boy, we’re so pleased that you’re here. Are you hungry? Cold? Come inside – we’ll fix you up.” 
“But there’s nothing wrong with me,” Jackson murmurs, though he smiles at her in his confusion, unable to help it. 
“Oh, sure there is,” she says, wrapping an arm around his waist, smiling up into his face. “And even if there’s not, you should make something up so I have something to fuss over.” 
“She’s not kidding on that,” my dad says, his voice lighter than it was a moment ago, “if Ella doesn’t have someone to care for she gets bored – and then we’re really in trouble.” 
“Quiet, you,” mom says, laughing a little and giving my dad a playful glare as she turns to the rest of us, keeping an arm around Jackson’s waist. “If you tease me too much I’ll just go and have another baby to shut you up.” 
Dad just shakes his head, laughing, as mom reaches her spare hand for Luca. “Luca! Such a pleasure to see you again!” 
Luca gives her his most charming smile – which, quite frankly, even stuns me a bit – as he takes my mom’s hand and bows over it a little. “Your highness,” he murmurs, grinning. “I’m hoping to make it a full five minutes before you kick me out of the room this time.” 
My mom laughs as Luca stands straight, and I marvel again that he’s apparently said just the right thing – who else would have the guts to tease the Queen on their second meeting? “Well,” she
says, wrinkling her nose at him and glancing at me, “that depends on how many of my daughter’s secrets I’m trying to balance this time. But I’m sure we’ll have lots of time to chat, Luca, love. And this,” she murmurs, stepping forward and peering at his wounded face, taking his chin between her fingers, “don’t worry, Luca, we’ll get you fixed up and looking pretty again in no time.” 
And then mom steps forward – somehow managing to keep hold of Jackson even as she leans forward to press a kiss to Luca’s cheek as well. Then she sweeps into the palace, calling everyone to come along with her, because there’s a party upstairs. I don’t miss – at all – that she keeps Jackson firmly at her side. 
“Looks like your mom has a favorite,” Luca murmurs, walking slowly at my side as we follow the mom and Jacks into the main entrance, heading almost immediately up a set of stairs that will lead us to the family suite where I’m sure everyone is gathered with food and drinks and a great deal of anticipation. 
“Oh, don’t, Luca,” I say with a sigh, pouting at him and glancing behind me to see where everyone else has ended up. Daphne, I’m pleased to see, is being led upstairs on Rafe’s arm, while my dad laughs with Jesse at the bottom of the stairs, apparently being introduced to Ben. “Mom just… knows where her attention is needed.” 
“Well, if that leaves me alone with you,” Luca says, grinning at me and raising a hand to my cheek, “then who am I to complain?” 
I grin at him, pleased, and take his arm when offers it, proud to be escorted by my gorgeous mate. “You ready for this?” I ask as we reach the second floor and approach the door of our tiny living room, which I know will be packed with people. 
“Oh, for sure,” Luca says, nodding eagerly with a big smile. “I love a good party – and I’ve got sixteen cousins who all shout over each other – I was born for nights like this. Plus, a Royal party,
filled with the people who made Jesse?” He grins at me, a little wicked, “this is going to be one for the books.” 
I laugh and turn to watch as my mom pulls the door open and steps inside. Jackson almost literally falls back at the shout of joy that comes through, everyone pleased and thrilled to greet us. 
Mom laughs, pulling Jackson forward, and he looks back at me – a little panicked – as he slips through the door. 
Before we come into sight of the room I grin, and stand on my toes, and accept the little kiss that Luca drops to my mouth just before we, too, step into the living room to a big cheer. 
And my eyes fill with unexpected tears the moment they land on the first people I see in the room full of people – my Grandpa Henry, with my little sister Juniper and my baby brother Mark on either side of his chair. 
Mark shouts and dashes for me while Juniper hangs back, giving me her trademark scowl.
###Chapter 0271
Chapter 0271
“Ariel!” Mark shouts, bounding across the room like the big puppy that he is and grabbing me in a hug. 
“Baby!” I shout, dropping Luca’s arm and laughing as I hug my brother back, my eyes pressing shut with the pleasure of it. Mark – he’s not even the baby of the family, he’s nearly two years older than Juniper, but he’ll always be my baby, and he lets me fuss and cluck over him like a mother hen. 
“I’ve missed you,” my Markie murmurs, hugging me close and tucking his head down against my hair. “June’s been so mean to me and there’s no one to stop her –“ 
I laugh, pushing back a little so I can look up into my little brother’s sweet face. Mark favors Rafe and my dad, of course, but he’s more of a mix than Rafe and I are. While Rafe and I are our parents’ twins, Mark has some of mom’s softness in the curve of his cheeks, in the lighter highlights in his hair. 
“Mark, you’re bigger than June,” I say, grinning up at him and shaking my head. God, when did baby get so tall? Has it always been like this, or did he grow in the couple of months I’ve been gone? He’s Rafe’s height now, or at least almost. “Just shove her over -” 
But before I can finish giving Mark my very best sisterly advice, a screech sounds in the room and all of our heads whip to the left, where five kids charge for Jesse the second he steps through the door. 
“No, no!” Jesse sounds, deliberately dramatic as they leap all over him. “Not the piranhas! They’ve got me! I’m being eaten alive! No, NO! They’re taking me down!” All of Jesse’s siblings grab onto him, shrieking and laughing, pulling him to the ground despite his mock protests, piling on top of him, shouting his name and how much they’ve missed him.
I grin, watching Jesse fake fight his siblings for a second, pleased to even see Caleb, who is thirteen now and pretends he’s too cool for fun and games, shrieking and getting in on the fun. After a second of pretending to fight them off Jesse starts to grab each of his siblings by turn, giving them each what they need to feel loved and seen – a big kiss, a hug, a ruffle of the hair, a brotherly punch on the arm. 
“Whoa,” Luca says, his eyes wide as he takes in the chaos before him. 
“Yes, they’ve missed their human jungle gym,” Grandpa Henry says, wheeling up next to me and smiling over at Jesse’s continuing scene, as I am. “It’s been murder on me and my chair – they’re always wanting rides up and down the hallways. Playing horsie and piggy-back-chauffer is usually Jesse’s job.” 
I grin at my grandpa, whose eyes sparkle as he shifts his gaze up to me, and I bend down quickly to give him a kiss on the cheek, murmuring how good it is to see him. Grandpa laughs and tells me that he feels just the same as Mark comes to stand close to us, not wanting to miss a thing. Juniper steps close too, her scowl deepening for no reason. 
Something about my sister’s scowl kindles something in me, and I can’t help it – I grin, and leap for her. “Junie Junie!” I sing, dancing around Grandpa Henry’s chair and reaching for her, taking two handfuls of her long now-black hair in my hands and holding it up like pigtails as I bounce around her, singing the song she hates so much. “Our little goonie! She loves the moonie! It makes her swoooonie!” 
“Oh my goddddd,” June groans, swatting at me with her hands and trying to back away, though I keep up with her, laughing and still playing with her hair. “Stop it, Ariel!” 
“I can’t!” I return, laughing my ass off and dropping her hair before snatching her into a big hug. She struggles against me, but Junie’s even smaller than my mom and me, and I’ve spent a whole
semester training at Alpha Academy, so she’s got no chance. “I just missed my little sissy so much!” I plant a series of big kisses on her head. 
“You are literally so embarrassing,” Juniper groans as I continue to kiss her gratuitously, her face flushing as she slumps in embarrassment, flicking her eyes towards where Luca is watching with delight. “You seriously want your mate to see this side of you!? The abuse you rain on your sister!?” 
“Aw, no! It’s cute!” Luca says, grinning at us. “Sisterly love!”
###Chapter 0272
Chapter 0272
“You,” June says, narrowing her eyes and pulling one arm free to point at Luca, “you just made an enemy, sir. Where’s the other one? Maybe I’ll like him better.” 
I laugh at my little sister and loosen my arms a bit, a little tickled that she already knows about my mate situation so I don’t have to awkwardly explain why I brought two boyfriends home. Mom must have told her, and whoever else she thought needed to know, to avoid some weird scene. 
I step back a little from my sister, still holding her so she doesn’t run away, and beam as I look her over. “I like your new hair!” I say, meaning it and nodding eagerly as I take in the hair that she’s dyed pitch black, covering up the rose-gold that matches mine and our mom’s. “You look so cool. You’re all spooky now.” 
“I’m not spooky,” she protests, scowling and raising an anxious hand to her head. 
“You look like Rafe,” I say, grinning, meaning it. Juniper – lucky girl – got our dad’s beautiful green eyes, and with her hair all dark now? Her familial connection to Rafe, dad, and Mark is more prominent now than it’s ever been. 
“Ariel,” Juniper says, appalled, her mouth dropping open. “That’s the cruelest thing you’ve ever said to me –“ 
“No one is paying attention to meeee,” Mark moans, dropping his head back on his neck dramatically and making me laugh. I immediately drop June and move to his side, wrapping my arms around his waist. 
“You are nineteen, Mark,” Grandpa Henry says on a sigh. “You cannot whine like a pup anymore.” 
“No, he’s not,” I murmur, “he’s just a little baby, he can cry all he wants.”
“Don’t encourage him, Ariel,” grandpa sighs, shaking his head at both of us, even if he can’t help smiling. “Or he’ll never grow up.” 
I hug my brother close as Juniper and Luca step near, making a little family circle even as the rest of the people in the room – family and close family friends, dozens of them, honestly – surge forward and greet Rafe, and Jesse, and all of our guests. I steal a little glance to the side and am relieved to see that mom still has Jackson pinned to her hip as she beams at Ben, getting to know him. Jackson stands stoically next to her, in good hands. 
Then, I remember my manners. 
“Everyone,” I say, straightening a little and smiling around at my family. “This is Luca Grant,” I say, gesturing towards my mate with a warm smile. “Luca, this is my sister Juniper, my brother Mark, and my grandpa, Henry Sinclair.” 
“His reputation precedes him,” my grandfather says, holding out a hand, which Luca shakes eagerly, murmuring his hello’s and letting his dimples shine. “Welcome to the family, son. I’m eager to see you box in two days’ time. I hope you show the Atalaxian champion what Moon Valley is made of.” 
“I fully intend to, sir,” Luca says, perfectly earnest. 
“I’m excited too,” Mark says, beaming at Luca, and as Luca stands straight and turns towards Mark I see that my little brother’s eyes are already filled with hero worship. “Dad finally talked mom into letting me go to the fight. I can’t wait.” 
“You’ll have to come sit ringside,” Luca says, grinning at Mark and shaking his hand too. “Get the really good view, see all the blood –“
“This is somehow both gross and boring,” Juniper sighs, stepping closer to me as grandpa wheels his chair away, probably off to greet his eldest grandsons. “I don’t know how you managed that, but you did.” She crosses her arms, glaring between Luca, Mark, and me like we’ve done her a true disservice. 
“I missed you, June Bug,” I sigh, slipping my arm around her shoulders and tugging her close. Juniper and I – we have a weird relationship, and we’re certainly not besties, but she does crack me up with her constant bad mood. And now that I have her back in person, I realize that I did miss her, in my own way. 
“I guess I missed you too,” she says on a sigh as Luca and Mark continue talking about boxing, Luca explaining his strategy for the next two days of training before the fight. “Why did you go and get all badass and cool the moment you left?” 
I scoff at my little sister and her words, which are – in classic Juniper style – as much insult as they are compliment.
###Chapter 0273
Chapter 0273
My mouth pops open in mock indignation as my sister fights her urge to smirk. “I have always been badass and cool, Juniper!” I protest, laughing. 
“Ariel, believe me,” Juniper sighs, rolling her eyes but letting her smile run free. “You have been the opposite of badass and cool. You were like, a pink bubblegum fairy glitter princess –“ 
“And I still am,” I return, laughing. “Except now I can shoot a tin can off of a tree stump from half a mile away.” 
“Ugh,” she groans. “Nevermind. Still not cool. Plus, now you’ve brought your mates home,” she murmurs, looking at Luca and then around to where Jackson is standing with our mom, clearly intuiting that he’s the other one. “Like this family needed more Alpha men around, all gigantic and eating everything in sight –“ 
“Not my Alphas,” I counter, grinning at her, my arm still around her shoulders. “I got them trained up real good.” 
“So that’s the other one?” she says, raising her chin towards Jackson, her voice dubious. 
“Yup,” I say, unable to keep the pride from my voice. That’s my man over there, standing awkwardly at my mom’s side with her arm around his waist as she happily laughs with Aunt Cora and Uncle Roger, introducing them to Daphne and Ben. 
Juniper is quiet for a moment, her eyes flicking between Jackson and my mom. As we stand observing them, Jackson’s eyes move over to us like he can hear us thinking about him. 
“Are you sure he’s your second mate?” Juniper asks, her voice low with doubt as her eyes focus on mom’s arm around Jackson’s waist. “Because right now, it kind of looks like he’s mom’s.” 
I go absolutely still with shock, staring at my sister, before I burst into laughter.
“June!” I gasp through my laughter, and then I look back at where mom is leaning into Jackson’s side – being so nice to him, wanting him to feel comfortable in this big room full of people – but… yeah. Maybe looking a little too close to my mate to the eye of one who doesn’t understand how empathetic mom is as well as how incredibly awkward Jacks feels. I can’t help but laugh harder now that I’ve seen it. 
“I mean, she’s all over him!” Juniper says, laughing with me, throwing out a hand towards them. Jackson frowns a little, not knowing what’s going on and clearly wanting to know. 
“You’re so gross,” I groan, shoving my little sister playfully away from me before grabbing her hand and tugging her towards Jackson and mom. “She’s just being nice to him.” 
“A little too nice, if you ask me,” June murmurs, letting herself be dragged along, moodily pretending she isn’t having as much fun as she is. “Don’t let dad see this – he’ll get all jealous, and then we’ll have a body to clean up. Which will be interesting, but messy.” I grin, ignoring her words. Because as much as she likes to pretend she’s a black sheep, Juniper is very much a part of this family, and she likes joking and teasing as much as the rest of us. 
“Ugh, my two little girls!” mom says, dropping her hand from Jackson’s waist so that she can reach for Juniper and me when we come near. “I love seeing you two get along! It’s so rare, to have you not tearing each other to pieces!” 
“Yeah, well, you’ve got about five more minutes of us being nice,” Junie sighs, letting mom fold her into a hug on one side. “So, enjoy it.” 
“Welcome home, infant danger,” my uncle Roger says as Ben and Daphne step away, heading to the little bar in the corner for drinks. Roger lets out a booming laugh at his own joke as he wraps me into a hug. I squeak a little, laughing and leaning into him. 
“Hey, uncle Rog,” I say, beaming up into his face.
“You’re in trouble, young lady,” he says, his face falling into mock-serious lines. I cock my head, curious. “You cost me a great deal of money.” 
I burst out laughing, remembering suddenly the bet that the Captain placed on me at the beginning of the semester to come out tops in marksmanship – a bet he placed against Uncle Roger’s bet on someone else. 
“What?” Cora asks, stepping closer and glaring between us. “What’s he talking about?” 
“That’s what he gets,” I say, stepping away from my uncle and giving my aunt a kiss before moving subtly to Jackson’s side, intuiting that he’ll be more comfortable if I’m there. “For betting on Cadets.” 
“Roger!” Cora gasps, swatting Roger on the chest. “You bet against your niece!?” 
“Well, I didn’t know it was my niece!” he says, grinning and throwing his hands out. “I put my money on the one with the widest wingspan - I wasn’t going to bet on the one they called the Shrimp!” 
“How much did you lose?” Cora gasps, ignoring his excuses.
###Chapter 0274
Chapter 0274
“Baby,” Roger murmurs, stepping close and tucking a strand of Cora’s hair behind her ear. “What even is money, in the end, when we have such love between us, such beautiful children –“ 
“No, Roger Sinclair,” Cora snaps, stepping back and pointing a finger up into his face. “You are not getting out of it by seducing me – not this time -“ 
“Is it always like this?” Jackson murmurs, and I turn my head to grin up at him as Roger and Cora begin to bicker. He looks around the room, I think a little concerned about the number of people all talking at once, the pack of children screeching happily as they dash around the room, mostly following Jesse like the pied piper. My smile deepens, because even though Jackson is clearly one of the most powerful wolves in the nation at this moment, it’s so cute to see him freaked out by a welcome-home party. 
“Yes,” June says on a deep and tragic sigh, drawing our attention to her. “It’s always like this. It’s horrible all the time.” 
“Oh, my little drama queen,” my mom croons, stroking June’s face in a loving way that she knows is only going to bug Junie further, and which Juniper completely ignores. 
But Jackson just nods slowly at June, like he completely understands. My sister holds his gaze for a moment, a little smile creeping onto her lips. 
Juniper flicks her eyes to me. “I like this one,” she says, grinning a little, which makes me smile too. “He’s quiet. He gets me. You should keep this one, throw the loud one in the trash.” 
She lifts her chin to where Luca is already surrounded by a group of our Alpha family and cousins, talking animatedly and showing off his boxing stance, clearly enjoying the attention.
Jackson just grins at Juniper as he wraps an arm around me and pulls me close to his side. I grin, deciding not to counter, pleased for Jackson and Juniper to each have found an ally in this family. They’ll need them, after all. 
“Come come,” my mom chirps, happy and finally in her element now with her all of her children and her family gathered warm around her. She steps towards the bar in the corner, waving us to follow. “It’s a party, after all – let’s have some drinks and get things started.” 
The little party goes on for hours, with a great deal of laughter, and drinking, and everyone saying hello. I let Rafe and Jesse take center stage, telling stories about the academy as Jesse’s three youngest siblings run around the room with some of the children of our other guests, chasing and playing with each other, their little shouts filling the air around the sound of our laughter and our stories. 
As Rafe and Jesse talk I sit on my favorite ottoman at my dad’s feet, where I always sat as a little girl, a glass of wine in my hands. Daphne has settled on a pillow at my side. Dad puts out a hand, passively stroking my hair as the chatter carries through the room, everyone asking for more and more details about the story. 
Mom settles into the corner of the couch, beaming as she watches Rafe – her favorite – tell the story of Academy life. There are significant gaps, of course, because while I’m sure my whole family knows where I’ve been for the past few months, we’re not telling all our friends yet. So, Rafe and Jesse riff a little, leaving out what they need to. 
Luca, already comfortable, sits with Rafe and Jesse, adding in his own details and making everyone laugh with his wry quips. I watch him, impressed with the way he handles himself, the way that he adds to the story but still lets Rafe and Jesse take center stage. 
But even as Rafe and Jesse talk, and Luca ingratiates himself with everyone else in the room, my eyes move inevitably to Jackson. He perches slightly on the back of the couch behind mom, a glass
of whiskey in his hands, and he smiles and laughs with the rest of us as the story goes on. But when my eyes fix on him he immediately looks to me and passes a pulse of happiness down our bond, letting me know that he gets it – that he’s warm, and happy, and he understands now why I love my family so much, why it’s so important to me. 
And I beam at him, truly glad – because it’s his family now too. And I want him to know that, and to feel it, and to love it as much as I do. 
He simply nods, telling me that he’s on his way to it – even if he needs a little time to adjust. And then he takes a sip of his drink, and turns his attention back to the story, which is as much his story as the rest of ours.
###Chapter 0275
Chapter 0275
As time passes our friends start to filter out until it’s finally just the core family here – my family, Jesse’s family, and the new addition of my mates and Ben and Daphne. Our parents dig into the more complicated questions now, asking us about the details of getting me into the Academy and keeping me alive there, and we all happily fill them in on the delicious details. 
As we do, mom pulls Luca aside for a moment, fussing over him and patching up his black eye and his busted lip. When he comes back I can tell by his smile that Luca’s likewise under mom’s spell now, and that he no longer has any ridiculous ideas about mom having a favorite between my two mates. 
Mom curls up at dad’s side on the couch, where he moved after his last refill, probably so that she would come and sit with him. They’re ridiculously attached to each other, even after all these years. And even if I know that I should be grossed out by how affectionate my parents are…well, honestly I just think it’s kind of sweet. 
The youngest Sinclair kids, of course, ignore everything, but I watch with real pleasure as they continue to dash around the room even as the hour grows late. Jackson watches them with fascinated curiosity, clearly wondering where the hell they get the energy. But eventually they settle down too. 
It’s only when the clock strikes midnight, and I’m sitting in dad’s armchair with two of Jesse’s siblings passed out in my lap – Bella sleeping blissfully, her head pillowed against my shoulder, and little Chase actually in puppy form stretched out over my leg, his head hanging off my knee – when Cora gasps and starts. 
“Oh my god,” she says, looking up at the clock. “Is it seriously that late?” 
“No, you’re imagining it,” Roger murmurs into his glass of whiskey, clearly enjoying himself too much to want to go. “Have another drink, love, it’s barely five o’clock –“
“Noooo,” she says, instantly getting up from her spot curled in Roger’s lap and tugging him up with her. “We are getting these children home, because if we don’t they’ll never get up tomorrow –“ 
“Just stay here!” my mom says, as she always does, sitting up from her place curled at Dad’s side. But Cora just rolls her eyes, because she never takes mom up on her offers to stay in the palace, preferring to be in her own home. “Or, at least leave the children!” 
“No, stop trying to steal my kids, Ella,” Cora sighs, clapping her hands and rousing Bella and Chase from their spots on my lap. Her other four – Jesse included – moan, knowing what that sound means. Chase shifts back into his little boy body so that he, too, can join in on the group moan. 
“Your mom’s right!” Roger says, hauling himself to his feet and giving a sharp whistle. “Line up, minions! Time for role call!” 
“What…” Jackson murmurs, glancing between me and Rafe, “what’s happening?” 
“They have too many kids,” Rafe sighs, not bothering to whisper. “So, in order not to lose them, Roger makes them line up in size order and march in a line, like ducklings.” 
“Plus, they hate it,” Roger says, grinning over at Jackson, Luca, and Rafe. “And I take great joy in embarrassing my children. Why else have them? We had five more because torturing Jesse was so much fun.” 
Each of Cora and Roger’s youngest five kids moan and drag their feet, but line up they do, and I laugh to see them all standing there slump-shouldered, clearly tired but not wanting to go. It’s been an amazing night, after all. 
“It used to be worse,” Jesse murmurs, catching Luca’s eye and communicating with his expression the true horror of his childhood. “They used to make us do a little goodnight song and dance, before I realized it was child abuse and started refusing to do it.”
Luca bursts into laughter and so do I, remembering how cute it used to be. God, I’d been so jealous and had begged them to let me in on it, but Roger insisted it was a sibling-only thing. I’d cried for weeks. 
“Please,” Luca begs, grinning at Jesse. “Please do the song for me, just once – I’ll never tell a soul.” 
Jesse’s about to counter, to refuse to the ends of him, but Uncle Roger interrupts. 
“A-hem,” Roger says with deliberate emphasis, turning towards Jesse and gesturing towards the empty spot at the front of the line. “And where is my eldest, my pride, my heir and my joy?” 
Jesse squeaks and sits up straight, pressing a hand to his chest. “Dad, I am a grown up now. You cannot expect me to line up with the ducklings, I –“
###Chapter 0276
Chapter 0276
“You’re coming home, son,” Cora says, crossing her arms and glaring at her eldest child. “Because if I let you stay here, you’ll drink yourself silly with your cousins and then be useless to me in the morning.” 
“Mom!” Jesse begs, sending an anxious glance towards Daphne, who pretends not to notice the whole conversation. 
“Jesse,” Roger says, his hands on his hips, his voice low and dangerous. “Get in line. Your mom wants you home, so you’re coming home. If it were up to me I’d leave you here, because you always rile the small ones into rebellion, telling them all sorts of nonsense about free will -” 
“They deserve to know the truth!” Jesse protests. 
“But your mother wants you home. So?” Roger points emphatically to the front of the line. 
Daphne, to her credit, does her very best to suppress her smile and pretend that she’s incredibly interested in the trim that adorns the bottom of dad’s armchair. Ben has no such grace and watches eagerly, laughing. But Jesse, realizing that he’s lost this battle, just groans and pushes himself to his feet, slumping to the front of the line. 
“Good boy,” Roger murmurs, patting Jesse on the head. Jesse just scowls and smacks his dad’s hand away. 
Then Roger whistles again and each of my six cousins straightens their shoulders, standing at attention, and then – at their father’s signal – begin to march out of the room. 
“Bye!” Cora calls over her shoulder towards us, completely ignoring the military precision with which her kids are swept out into the hall. “Love you, see you tomorrow or the next day or whenever!”
“Bye!” we all call, and it’s only when I look over at Luca and Jackson’s shocked faces that I realize how weird it is. I burst out laughing myself, because I mean – I’m just so used to the way that Cora and Roger handle their wild pack of kids that I don’t even notice it anymore. 
“You guys are such a weird family,” Ben sighs, pulling himself up into Roger and Cora’s abandoned chair. “I love it.” Daphne grins, nodding along with him. 
“Who needs a refill?” Rafe asks, smiling happily and getting to his feet. “Daphne?” He raises an eyebrow at her empty glass of wine. 
“Nope, nope!” Mom says, getting to her feet herself. “You’re all off to bed!” 
“What!?” Rafe gasps. “Mom, it’s our first night home, we’re not going to bed –“ 
“Oh yes you are!” she says, giving him a super sweet grin. 
“Why!?” Rafe protests, throwing out his hand. 
“Because I am sleepy,” mom says, pressing a demure hand to her chest and making dad laugh. “And if I don’t stay up to supervise you, Cora is right – you’ll drink yourselves silly and be all useless tomorrow. And we have things to do!” She reaches up a hand, ruffling Rafe’s hair. “Haircuts, first of all.” 
“Mommm,” Rafe groans, slumping his shoulders and looking around with embarrassment. “You can’t just make everyone go to bed because you’re tired.” 
“Nah, I should go anyway,” Luca says with a sigh, getting to his feet. I sit up straight in surprise. 
“What?” I say, staring at him. “You’re not staying here with us?”
“Nah,” he says, giving me a pretty smile and a shrug. “I have my own family here in the city, after all. And I have to get to the gym tomorrow, let my uncle yell at me and beat me into shape before the fight. And her Highness is right,” he says, nodding in deference to my mom, who smiles at him, “if I stay here, I’ll have way too much fun. I have to concentrate.” 
Guilt sinks in me as I watch Luca thank my mother for her hospitality and shake my father’s hand, realizing that unlike Jackson and Ben and Daphne, Luca does have family here – and I’ve kept him from them on his first night back from the academy. God, how selfish am I? 
“Luca,” I say, getting to my feet as he turns away from my parents. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t even think -” 
“No worries, Ariel,” he replies, shaking his head at me with a smile as I move to his side. He wraps an arm around my waist as he nods to the door. “Walk me out?” 
I nod, eager, wanting to finish my apology even if he says it’s all right. We walk together out into the hall and I pull the door to our cozy living room shut behind us, standing with him in the darkness of the corridor. There are guards, of course, at either end – but otherwise we’re alone. 
Luca’s face breaks into a devilish smile.
###Chapter 0277
Chapter 0277
“Luca, I’m so sorry for not even thinking about your family and making you come to see mine,” I murmur, taking little handfuls of his shirt in my fists as I lean my weight against him, looking up into his face. Luca smiles at me, his arms loose around me. 
“Don’t be sorry,” he murmurs, “I wanted to meet your whole family. It was important for me too.” 
“Good,” I say, nodding. And then I hesitate. “And are you…ready? For the fight?” 
“I will be,” he says, nodding. “Though it’s important for me to see my uncle – he trained me, after all. He’ll get me back in the right headspace over the next day or so – don’t worry. But will you come tomorrow? Come see my gym, and then come to my gran’s house? Meet everyone? I’m dying to introduce you.” 
“Oh!” I say, surprised but then thrilled at the idea. “Yes!” I say instantly, beaming at him, but then I remember that I’m a princess again and I glance back at the door, wondering what my parents have planned for me. 
“It’s okay,” Luca says, lifting a hand to my cheek and turning my gaze back to him. “I already cleared it with your dad – he says you can have the afternoon off from Princess-ing.” 
“Oh,” I say, a little surprised at this. But then, I suppose there’s nothing wrong with that – Luca’s very thoughtful, isn’t he? And proactive. “Okay, then yes, I’ll come. Of course I will. I can’t wait.” 
“And you’ll come to the fight too, right?” he says, giving me a little frown. 
“Of course!” I say, laughing up at him, because why would he ever think that I wouldn’t? 
“Good,” he murmurs, dipping his head and pressing a warm kiss to my mouth. “I’ll need my best girl there for moral support.”
“Nowhere else I’d be,” I murmur back, my lips still brushing against his, letting my hands sink into his hair, pleased at the idea that my presence would help him. 
Luca smiles at me again, and then kisses me deeply, pulling me tight against him like he can’t let me go. We stay like that for a long while – long enough that I lose myself in him, that I forget where I am, and that there’s a room full of people behind me probably waiting for me to come back inside so they can go to bed. 
But eventually, his arms loosen. “You make it very hard to say goodbye, Gorgeous,” Luca sighs, shaking his head at me. 
I just laugh, standing on my toes to press one final kiss to his mouth, and then I push him away. “Get out of here, then!” I say, playful. “You’re the one sticking around.” 
Luca just laughs, pulling me close for one last peck before letting me go and stepping away. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow!” I call as Luca walks backwards down the hall, unable or unwilling to take his eyes off me. 
“I can’t wait,” he replies, dimples flashing. And then he turns, and jogs off towards the front of the palace, and I sigh as I push open the door behind me and head back into the living room. 
My eyes of course fix immediately on Jackson, who doesn’t look sleepy at all. 
“In in,” mom says, opening my bedroom door and flapping her hand towards me and Daphne, herding us into my bedroom. “Daphne, we’ll have another room made up for you tomorrow, we just didn’t know how many were coming tonight – and I thought you might want to be in with Ariel anyway, on your first night in a strange place.” 
“Thank you, Mrs. Sinclair, this is perfect,” Daphne says, turning once she’s walked into the room to smile gratefully at my mother. “It will be nice to have some girl time, one-on-one.”
“Oh, don’t be too grateful, Daphne,” I say, turning to glare playfully at my mom as I follow my friend into the room. “Half the reason she’s putting you in here is so that my mates don’t sneak into my room in the middle of the night.” 
“My little girl is so clever,” my mom says, wrapping an arm around me and giving me a big kiss on the cheek as Daphne and I laugh. “You two go straight to bed! And call me Ella, Daphne, please!” Mom smiles and waves as she pulls the door shut behind her. “I love you! See you for breakfast!” 
“Your mom is so nice,” Daphne says, flumping down onto the twin bed that’s made up for her next to my own big fluffy Princess bed. “I thought the queen would be…I don’t know, stuffier? More rigid and judgmental?” 
I grin at Daphne, moving over to my dresser and pulling out a set of pajamas to change into. “Mom doesn’t have a stuffy or judgmental bone in her body,” I say with a smile. “She’s the best. Do you need some pajamas? I have like…a million sets. Mom’s a shopping addict – she just buys everything she thinks is cute and it appears in my wardrobe like magic. Dad told her to stop but… she just laughed at him.”
###Chapter 0278
Chapter 0278
“Nah,” Daphne says with a big yawn, reaching for her suitcase and lifting it up onto the bed to flick it open. “I brought my own.” 
We get ready for bed pretty quickly, with Daphne’s face cracking with yawn after yawn. We chat a little bit, winding down from our day as we brush our teeth, get changed, and climb into bed. I’m even a little jealous when I flick off the light, because Daphne’s eyes are already fluttering shut. I’m pleased because I think that this means that she enjoyed herself, but also…damn, I wish I was sleepier. 
My mind is still buzzing with everything that happened today. Not only did my mates bizarrely come to an agreement to tolerate each other this morning, but then I had an identity swap and became a girl again, and left the Academy behind, and got to see my huge insane family that I love so much. I sigh, content but eager for tomorrow. It will be so exciting to meet Luca’s family and see where he came from, but I also want to spend some time with Jackson, make sure that he’s fitting in here okay. 
Having two mates – it’s a great deal of work, isn’t it? 
As I lean back against my pillows and close my eyes, I sigh, ready to settle in for the night. But even as I begin to do that, I feel a little nudge in my soul. 
My eyes fly open because…well, what the hell was that? 
My wolf, eager, jumps to her feet. It was Jacks! She says, her tongue lolling a little as she spins in a circle, looking for the source of the little bump. I go still, trying to figure it out, when it comes again. My wolf gives an eager yip, excited. 
He…hello? I say in my mind, passing the words down the bond. Jackson and I haven’t figured out the mechanics of speaking mind-to-mind to each other the way that Luca and I have, but we’ve had
much less time to practice, haven’t we? 
There’s a pause, and then another nudge comes, accompanied – of all things – by the mental image of the outside of my own bedroom door. 
I send a request for patience down the line, wordless and emotional, as I grin, getting excited. I look over at Daphne, but she’s curled up neatly in her little bed, breathing peacefully, so I decide to risk it. I do my best to be sneaky and silent as I scootch to the end of my bed, and swing my legs out, and then patter over to my bedroom door. 
When I pull it delicately open, my face bursts into a grin when I see my mate standing there, leaning against my doorframe and looking impossibly sexy for someone who is just…leaning against some wood. 
“What are you doing here!?” I hiss, stepping out of my room and pulling the door shut softly shut behind me, a move that conveniently brings me so close to him that I can feel his body heat even though we’re not touching. My eyes flutter half shut as I’m overwhelmed by his rich, heavy scent. 
“Are you tired?” Jacks murmurs, looking down at me and running a hand over my hair, tucking it back behind my ears. “Were you sleeping?” 
Grinning, I shake my head no. 
“Well,” he says, giving a little shrug. “I’m not sleepy yet either. So…let’s hang out.” 
I laugh a little, silently, and then press one finger to my lips as I grab his hand and pull him along with me down the short hall to the living room of our family suite, where we had the party tonight. The room is dark and still messy from all the fun – mom will clean it up in the morning, I know – and luckily silent. I stop at the doorway, peering around for a second, casting my wolf hearing out to the door on the far side of the room that leads to the Royal Suite where mom and dad sleep.
But luckily, there’s nothing. I grin up at Jacks and then pull him across the room to the hall door, where we slip out. But once I close it behind us, I know that speed is more important than stealth. 
“Run!” I whisper, spinning and starting down the hall at a sprint.
###Chapter 0279
Chapter 0279
I move fast down the hall, Jackson at my heels, and I hope desperately that we’re lucky enough to evade the guards who prowl these halls at night. I mean, we haven’t had a problem with being attacked in our own Palace…ever? So the guards are few and far between. But still, we’ve got to move fast – because if they see us, they’re definitely going to tell my mom that I’m out of bed. 
And I really, really want nothing more right now than a few stolen hours with Jackson. 
My mate runs after me, shaming me a bit with his speed and his silence, and I can feel the joy pulsing through him as we go. He’s checking his steps, I know, to let me take the lead – but then again, I’m the one who knows where to go. When I get to the end of the hall I fling open a door and wave him through, whispering “to the top! All the way up!” 
Jackson sends a gorgeous grin over his shoulder before he starts to run up the stairs, so sweet and handsome that it makes me stumble in my steps a bit. But I recover quickly, dashing up after my mate. When Jacks gets to the top of the fourth flight he pushes open the only door there, and steps out onto our rooftop garden. 
“Whoa,” he says, going still so fast that I almost bang into him. 
“Move!” I say, laughing, not bothering to be quiet anymore as I give him a playful shove out of the doorway and press the door shut behind us. Jackson obliges, stepping out into the garden and looking around. 
“What is this place?” he whispers, a bit in awe, turning and taking in the four ancient, gnarled olive trees that stand in the four corners of our garden. Scattered fruit trees grow between them, as well as lots of pretty little potted roses and herbs, creating the effect of a very charming little orchard garden. Along the southern wall there’s an outdoor kitchen all set up and fully stocked, and next to that a little shed that contains everything we need to make a picnic.
“Mom was worried we weren’t getting enough sunshine when we were kids,” I say, moving to the shed and pulling out some blankets and pillows, handing them to my mate, who follows. “So, she built us this little garden. She said kids are like plants – they need sunshine to grow.” 
Jackson murmurs something that sounds like assent as I move to the kitchen. “Are you hungry?” I ask, pulling open the little fridge and pulling out a bottle of white wine, pouring us each a glass. “There’s food, if you want it.” I nod towards the cabinets and the fridge, which I know will be packed with food. 
“I’m not hungry,” Jackson says, watching me curiously and peering around. “You guys keep…food up here?” 
“We keep food everywhere,” I say, grinning at him and nodding my head to the side, silently asking him to follow me to the center of the garden, where you can see the stars between the branches of the trees if you lay down on the ground. “Mom didn’t grow up with much, so she has kind of a scarcity mindset. She stocks snacks all around the Palace so that if anyone ever feels a single hunger pang, she can be on it. Plus, growing up, Rafe did eat pretty much constantly. So it was kind of necessary. And Markie’s doing the same.” 
I trade Jackson the wine for the blankets and spread one out on the thick plushy grass before I scatter the pillows around. Then I sink down onto the blanket, patting the ground next to me, inviting Jackson to sit. He does, handing me one of the glasses. “Your mom didn’t grow up with much?” he asks, a little confused. And I guess that makes sense – mom wears her Queen status like she was born to it. 
“Mom was an orphan,” I say, peering at Jacks, curious that he didn’t know this. I thought everyone in the country knew mom’s story. “She and Aunt Cora grew up together in the orphanage – it was only when they were all grown up that they found out that they were biological half-sisters. Daughters of the moon goddess.”
“Yesss,” Jackson says, narrowing his eyes at me a little in a playful way. “This bizarre little bit of trivia was mentioned earlier with a promise of an explanation later. Can I have that now?” 
I laugh, nodding and scootching close to Jackson so that I’m pressed to his side, and Jacks winds his arms around me as I give him the quick version of mom and dad’s history – how they thought mom was a human, how she was accidentally pregnant with dad’s baby due to some shenanigans at a sperm bank, how they fell in love and uncovered a world of secrets while she was pregnant with Rafe. Jacks listens carefully as I speak and I lean against him, curling into his side and looking up into his handsome face as I tell it. 
“That’s really weird,” he says when I’m finished, stroking my cheek with his hand, and I laugh at the simplicity and the understatement of his chosen three words. “So, your magic comes like… immediately from the moon goddess? A gift from her?”
###Chapter 0280
Chapter 0280
“I think so,” I say, giving a little shrug. “That’s what she called it when mom and Cora talked to her, after all. A ‘gift.’ She said all of her grandchildren would be likewise gifted. Do you know where yours comes from?” 
Slowly he shakes his head. “No idea.” 
“Well, maybe it’s also a gift,” I say, considering it as I stare up into his blue eyes, his dark head framed against the night sky. “After all, she clearly knows about you, if she picked you out as my mate.” 
“That’s so weird,” he whispers, his eyes going a little distant, “to think that the Goddess…knows about me. I’ve always felt so…anonymous and inconsequential my whole life. I never in a million years would have thought the Goddess had an eye on me.” 
“Of course she does,” I say, lifting a hand to idly stroke his chest. “You’re like…really good looking, Jacks. And she’s a woman after all.” 
“Don’t be creepy,” he murmurs, his eyes focusing on me as he smirks. “That’s your grandmother.” 
I burst out laughing, shaking my head at him. “I don’t like you thinking of yourself as inconsequential, Jacks,” I say with a sigh, nuzzling closer. “You’re everything.” 
Jackson smiles at me, I think touched, and strokes my face with his thumb. “The city makes me feel more inconsequential, I think,” he says, lifting his head to peer around, though we can’t see the city around us from this part of the roof. “Though…being around these trees helps.” I nod, understanding. Mom was very careful in selecting the placement of our little roof garden – it feels very secluded up here – like our own little bit of nature. And I’m well aware that Jacks feels more comfortable in natural spaces than surrounded by stone.
I tilt my head to the side, wondering if I’d subconsciously considered that when I decided to bring him up here tonight. There’s a whole Palace’s worth of rooms to hang out in, after all. And I picked the roof. 
“Do you hate it? The city?” I ask quietly, genuinely wanting to know. Because, I mean, for better or for worse the city is my home, and if I’m going to be a part of this royal family at least part of my time will be spent here. If Jackson hates it…well, that will make things difficult, won’t it? 
“I hated it at first,” he murmurs, thoughtful. “It’s better with you here.” 
“Wait,” I say, sitting up a little and peering at him. “It was worse for like…the fifteen minutes you waited for me to get off the train? What was so bad about that?” 
“No, Ari,” he says, shaking his head and laughing a little. “It was worse for the three months when I lived here.” 
“What!?” I squeak, starting back a little and then smacking him on the chest, making him laugh harder. “Jackson! You lived here!?” 
“Well, yeah!” he says, still laughing, pleased that he surprised me and made me squeak. He likes doing that, I know – I can feel it down the bond. “Did you think I went straight from my weird cult up North to the Academy?” 
“Well, yeah!” I say, fascinated now and dying to hear this story. 
“Nah,” he says, smirking and shaking his head. “I would have been…a disaster, if I’d have done that, and the men who sent me to the Academy knew that. I would have been so shocked at the way people act and talk, so…out of the loop of the culture. They sent me to live in the city for three months first, so I could become acculturated, not stand out so much.”
I hesitate, grimacing a little, putting my hands flat on my sweetheart’s chest. “I hate to break it to you, Jacks,” I say softly, “but you…still kind of stood out. As a complete and total weirdo.” 
He laughs, grabbing me to him and pulling me tight against his chest, muttering all sorts of dark things about how dare I call him a weirdo and how he’s going to make me pay for that slander. But I just laugh, because his joking threats are nonsense to me, and I climb into his lap and let him wrap me up warm against him, so pleased and happy to be here in his arms. 
“I know,” he says with a sigh against my hair, nodding and holding me tight. “I was a disaster at the Academy too, which is why you were my only friend, even after I tried to kill you a little bit. But if you think I was bad then, you should have seen me when I first arrived in the city.” 
“Tell me,” I whisper, raising a hand to cup his cheek, loving the way the start of his stubble feels against my palm. 
And, to my delight, Jackson begins to tell me more of his story.
###Chapter 0281
Chapter 0281
“I was a catastrophe of a person,” Jackson groans, laughing softly as he presses his eyes shut and remembers his first few days in the city. “I was…so shocked by the noise, Ariel, and the pavement – god, stone and metal everywhere - and the people. God, I didn’t think that there were that many people in the world, let alone one city.” 
I stay quiet, letting Jackson tell at his own pace. He moves pretty quickly through the story of how he was chosen from the ranks of the young men in his community to attend the Alpha Academy, to gain what new military knowledge he could and bring it back to his own world. 
Jacks leaves out a lot as he tells me about how they barely prepared him and then dropped him at a boarding house in the city three months ahead of time, I think not wanting to remember all of it. But he tells me how he showed up basically with a spare set of clothing, a handful of cash, and the order to acclimate himself. 
“I stayed inside for a whole week,” he murmurs, shaking his head with an embarrassed smile on his lips. “Like, inside my room. I had this little window? And I sat at it all day, just watching people walk by, trying to…to figure out who they were, what their lives were like. I felt like a complete alien – like I was from another planet, Ariel. There were just – men and women, walking together, holding hands, in these weird clothes – and just like, kids everywhere…” he shakes his head at what must have felt so bizarre. 
“Well, what changed?” I ask, desperately curious. 
“The landlady came,” he murmurs, looking down at me with a smirk. “Demanding the next week’s rent. And that’s when I realized that…I was going to run out of money very, very soon.” 
“What!?” I gasp, horrified that he was out of money after a week. “Jackson, how much did they send you with?”
“Like, fifty bucks,” he says, laughing and shaking his head. “Which I’m sure to them felt like an insane amount of money to just hand over – we don’t deal with a lot of cash in the community. I’m not sure they knew how fast it would run out? Or maybe they did.” He shrugs like it doesn’t matter. 
I curl up closer to him, so sorry for my mate and feeling guilty that I’ve never once wondered about paying rent or whether or not I’d have enough money to get by. “So, what did you do?” 
“Some of the other guys in the house noticed how miserable and scared I was,” he says, smiling at me and stroking his hand over my hair, “and that I hadn’t eaten in a week. They took pity - got me a job washing dishes at one of the restaurants in town. It was enough for some food, and the rent, and the utilities. And it made me leave the room, made me go do what I was supposed to do – which is learn how to be in this world.” 
I’m quiet again as Jackson continues, telling me that he was basically a little mouse of an employee – always on time, reliable, hard-working, but silent. That he spent his days listening to people in the kitchen talking to each other, learning about modern life, starting to pick up the vernacular and get more comfortable here. 
“I was lucky,” he murmurs, “that pretty much everyone in the kitchen was a man. There were some waitresses, of course,” he smiles here and covers his face with his hand like he does when he’s embarrassed. “And I realize now that they may have been…hitting on me. But I refused to talk to them – I was terrified.” 
I laugh along with him at this and press myself closer, secretly grateful that none of those other girls got their mitts on him. As hypocritical as it is, the idea of another girl touching Jackson makes me want to bare my fangs and tear her stupid face off. And even if Jackson has hinted that there was another girl in his past…well. I guess I don’t want to talk about her right now, do I?
###Chapter 0282
Chapter 0282
“I hate that,” I murmur, working to press myself closer to him, even though that’s not really possible. “I hate the idea of you scared, and alone, and talking to girls when I was just like…half a city away.” 
“But you were engaged,” he says, his voice strange – I think a little amused? I don’t know. I can’t quite parse it. 
“You knew about that?” I ask, looking up at him wide-eyed. 
“How could I not?” he asks, grinning at me. “You were all over the media – and it’s all anyone would talk about, especially as it got close.” 
“Well,” I say, smiling myself a little too and reaching up to stroke my fingers through his hair. “What did you think about it?” 
“You’ll be disappointed in me, Ari,” he murmurs, lowering his face and taking a sniff of my hair. “I didn’t really think about it. It was all very far from what I had been instructed to think was important, what I could understand – a royal wedding…” he shakes his head. “I didn’t have a way to understand it, why it was important.” 
“Oh, come on,” I say, shoving his shoulder a little, my smile deepening. “You must have thought something.” 
Jackson grins at me for a long moment before he breaks, looking away from me like he can’t hold my eyes while he admits it. “Fine,” he says, heaving a little sigh. “I thought you were…very pretty.” 
“Pretty!?” I say, grinning and sitting up straighter with a happy squeak. “You thought I was pretty!?” 
“Just in passing,” he mutters, still not looking at me, a faint blush on his cheeks. “I saw a few pictures on the covers of magazines –“
“So then how did you not recognize me when we met!?” I shout, laughing and tugging on his shirt, wanting him to look at me again. My mate, ever obliging, turns his head to smile at me. 
“Because you were a boy, Ariel – and you smelled like a boy, and I had no reason to equate the lowest-ranked Candidate at the academy with the pretty girl I’d seen on a magazine cover –“ 
“You thought I was prettttty,” I sing, a little delighted, wiggling victoriously in his lap. 
“And I was right,” he growls, snatching me closer and bending me back a bit in a way that makes heat coil in my core. “You are pretty. Much prettier in person, and not dressed up in all that bride-y gauze.” 
“Yes, all that bride stuff really was crap,” I say with a sigh, staring up at him, starry-eyed and swept away by how wonderful he is – at once handsome, and powerful, and cute. God, how does he manage it? 
But there’s still so much more I want to know, and I’m being selfish, turning this conversation away from him. 
“So,” I ask, quieting down, sitting up straighter and resolving to be good. “How’d you spend your time off? Did you hang out with the guys that you lived with?” 
All I want in the world right now is to sit right here in my mate’s lap, listening to him talk for hours, spinning out the story of his life. I’d listen for days, if time and circumstance would let me, even though I know they won’t. 
“In my time off,” Jackson murmurs, thinking back on it and raising his hand to my hair, petting me again, “at first, I just sat alone in my room. But then the guys I lived with – they were kind, but…a little rough, you know? They told me I’m a sad sack and that I was being a creep, just sitting in there
in the dark. They made me come out into the communal living room, which is where I discovered… television.” 
“What!?” I gasp, unable to keep from laughing a little. Jackson laughs along with me, though, giving a self-deprecating little shrug. “You didn’t know what television was!?”
###Chapter 0283
Chapter 0283
“I mean, there was a tv in the living room of the boarding house,” Jackson says on a sigh, even as he starts to laugh. “But…before they showed me what it was for, I thought it was a computer.” 
“So, you knew what a computer was,” I say, grinning, “but not a tv?” 
“Yup,” he says, smiling down at me, nodding because he knows how ridiculous that sounds in my world. “We used computers sometimes as part of our education – we had a few in this building in the Community. Ones that I now realize are very, very old. But tv? I’d never watched tv in my life. And I was completely freaked out when they turned it on and showed it to me, but then I became… obsessed.” 
“You did!?” I squeak, kind of charmed by the idea of my sweet Jackson just spending three months before the academy rushing home from his job to watch TV. “Jackson, what did you watch?” 
He sighs, deep and contented, and grins at me again. “Ariel, I watched women.” 
“What!?” I gasp, completely not understanding. And then my eyes go wide. “Jackson,” I whisper, “do you mean that you watched…like, a lot of porn?” 
Jackson bursts out laughing and covers his face again. “No, Ariel, no,” he says, shaking his head, unable to help his smile. Then he drops his hand and looks back at me. “I mean, the guys I lived with showed me that too – and it was…” his own eyes go wide and his cheeks puff out with his breath, “it was a…a lot, wasn’t it? God…” he shakes his head as if to scare the ideas away. “But no, I wasn’t ready for that – I’m not sure I’ll ever be. No, I mean, I just watched a bunch of shows with women in them. And I was fascinated.” 
My heart swells completely as I stare up at him, even as my stomach drops to my feet. Because how – how does this man exist? On one hand Jackson is so brutal, and so powerful – and on the other…
God damn it, he’s just so sweet. 
“What did you watch?” I ask, my voice a whisper. 
“Anything I could find that had women on the screen,” he says, completely honest. “I mean, you have to understand, Ari, we were always fascinated by girls and women when we were growing up because we were forbidden to talk to them – even looking at them was discouraged. Women were these great, entrancing mysteries. And there were like, rumors? Passed down between the boys? About what girls were like, and that you could kiss them – whatever kissing was - and that there was once a guy in the military training who had found his mate, whatever that was, and he tried to run away with her, and they killed him for it.” 
My face goes pale at the idea of it, but Jackson just strokes my cheek. 
“I don’t even know if that was true,” he says softly, shaking his head. “But you have to understand how forbidden women were. And then to come to a place where I just got this magical box where I could stare at women? And listen to their stories, and hear them talking to each other?” He exhales deeply, shaking his head. “God, I…I couldn’t get enough.” 
I smile up at him, nodding, doing my best to understand as he starts to laugh, remembering something else. 
“The guys I lived with,” Jackson continues, “they were pissed, because I was always hogging the tv, and I never wanted to watch sports. I liked the boxing – that’s where I first saw Luca, too – because I understand fighting. But the other sports,” he screws his mouth to the side and shrugs, “I mean, who cares? Why would I want to watch another guy play a game instead of playing it myself? I was shocked that they wanted to watch them – like, didn’t they know that there were stories about women? I mean, I know these guys liked women, sometimes they even brought them home. But they didn’t want to watch the kinds of shows I watched. It never made sense to me.”
“So, what did you watch?” I ask, soft. 
“I liked sitcoms,” he says, again stroking my hair as he smiles at me and tells me his story like it’s a great secret he’s been dying to share. “I liked that they showed women talking to each other in their everyday lives, and being friends, and that they talked about what they wanted from life. It felt like… like I was finally getting answers to things I’d been wondering my whole life. It allowed me to see women as just…people. Not forbidden, mysterious things.” 
My heart swells in me with every word my mate says. “Did you have any favorites?” I ask, my question a whisper, not wanting to break the spell.
###Chapter 0284
Chapter 0284
His brow furrows as he tries to remember. “There was one, um…about the six friends? Who all lived in apartments across a hall from each other? Three guys and three girls?” 
“Besties,” I say, immediately supplying the name of the old sitcom we’ve all watched a thousand times, smiling softly because I absolutely love that he loved this show. 
“Yeah, that one was the best one,” he says, nodding like it’s a fact. “The girls were…really nice to each other, and so supportive, and so funny. And I learned about…boyfriends and girlfriends and dating. And what mates were. And with movies, I liked…um, what do you call them? Romedies…?” 
“Romantic comedies?” I offer. “Romcoms?” 
“Yes,” he says, giving me a decided nod that makes me grin. “I loved romcoms, and what the guys called ‘chick flicks’ – any movies and shows about women’s lives, I wanted to watch. And then when I found out that the library existed? And that you could borrow movies and whole seasons of shows?” 
He puffs out his cheeks again, like it completely blew up his world, and I laugh with him. 
“I put that library card to work,” he murmurs, staring off into the distance, “never had a late fee and watched…probably every movie in their collection that had a woman on the cover. And I got books, which answered…so many questions.” 
“What like, romance novels?” I ask, curious. 
“What’s a romance novel?” he asks, snapping his attention to me, immediately intrigued. 
I grin at him and shake my head. “I’ll tell you about those later,” I say with a little laugh, knowing that it will open a whole new world for him. “But tell me what you mean – what books did you get?”
“Books on science, on the world,” he says, staring down into my eyes. “I…well, that’s how I figured out that I’d been told a lot of lies at the Community. I read everything I could on history, and biology, and nature. I…I mean, I didn’t even know the earth was round,” he murmurs, closing his eyes on a deep sigh, like he’s embarrassed. “Or that there were…other planets.” 
“That is so insane, Jacks,” I whisper, wondering what else he still doesn’t know he doesn’t know about. 
“Yeah,” he murmurs, sighing. “Some of the science fiction shows I watched made absolutely no sense until I got my hands on a children’s picture book about the solar system. That was…that was a big day for me.” 
I sigh, and reach up, and stroke his cheek. There must be so many gaps in his knowledge, so many things about the world which he just doesn’t know. And, I mean, it’s not like I know everything… 
But I have had the benefit of a world-class education. And Jacks is so clever, and so hungry for knowledge that it breaks my heart. Suddenly, if I could give it to him – everything I have had, even if it means I had to give it up - I’d do it. In a heartbeat. 
“Don’t look at me like that,” Jacks murmurs, gentle, looking down at me with a little sadness in his eyes. 
“Like what?” I whisper, confused. 
“Like you pity me,” he murmurs, shaking his head. 
I sigh, realizing that he’s right – that I am pitying him, and it’s written all over my face. I reach up, running my fingers through his hair, tucking it back behind his ear. “You’re just so lovely, Jacks,” I whisper, meaning every word of it. “I want you to have had…more than what you were given. I know that the people who raised you…that you didn’t know any different, and that some of the must have
done their best. But I wish they’d done better by you – given you more. I want you to have everything, Jackson. You deserve it. You deserve the world.” 
“Well, I’ve got that now, don’t I?” he whispers, tightening his arms around me and giving me a shy smile, clearly meaning what he says and believing it – like now that he has me, he can’t possibly be lacking, at all, ever. He leans forward, nudging my nose with his, opening his feelings to me, letting me understand just how happy and content and whole he feels when we’re like this, curled up with each other, our own little world. Complete. 
And I can’t help it. I’m just completely overwhelmed, absolutely consumed by how much he loves me already, and how much my feelings match his, inch for inch. I lift my chin, closing the short distance between us and wrapping my arms around my mate’s neck as I kiss him, desperate for him to know that he’s mine – mine forever – and that I’m going to do everything in my power to give him the life he deserves.
###Chapter 0285
Chapter 0285
A tiny groan escapes Jackson’s lips as he pulls me tighter, moving his mouth slowly over mine, cupping my face in his wide palm as he kisses me breathless. Things move fast, as they always do with us, and it feels like hardly a moment has passed before my hand wraps in the fabric of his t- shirt, pulling him closer so that his body is leveraged over mine. 
Jackson complies, bending me backwards in his arms as he’s done before, kissing me deeply and taking control, dominating me in a way that feels natural, instinctual to us. Immediately I cede him power, wanting him to be in charge. Jackson moves his hand away from my face, sliding it over my shoulders and down my back until he takes a firm grip on my ass, using his leverage there to press me closer against him. 
When I feel the hard length of him pressing, ready, into my hip, I lose control a bit – lose my mind, if I’m being frank. A moan slips from me as I kiss Jackson harder, more fervently, tightening my arms around his neck and using my weight to pull him further on top of me. 
Because right now, I want to be laid out on my back, and I want Jackson’s weight on me, and I want to slip my hand down between us and feel him in my palm – I want – 
“Oooookay,” my mom’s voice says, tired but not without humor, from the direction of the door. I freeze, my eyes flying open to see Jackson staring down at me, shocked. 
Slowly, we both turn towards her voice. 
“I mean,” mom says, leaning against the open door frame and grinning at both of us like the sneaky cat she is, “I’m very pleased to see that my daughter has in fact inherited some of my passionate tendencies and is doing me proud here –“ 
“Mommmmm,” I groan, covering my blushing face with my hands, completely mortified and letting my entire weight rest in Jackson’s hands. Jackson just laughs, sitting up as best he can and pulling
me up with him. 
“But!” mom continues, and I slip my hands down from my face to see that she’s grinning even more now. “It’s time for bed, chickens. Clean all this up, and then let’s go. We have a busy day tomorrow.” 
I sigh, still embarrassed, but I just shake my head in disappointment because…well, because it was just getting good, isn’t it? But Jackson and I pull ourselves together, and quickly clean up the blankets and the pillows. I’m about to dump our mostly undrunk wine down the sink when mom protests, hurrying over to tuck it into the fridge for later, scolding me for being wasteful. 
I just smile at her, reaching out and wrapping her in a hug as Jackson tucks the last of the blankets away in the shed, I think going deliberately slow so that he has a moment to…pull himself together, as it were. 
“Are you mad at me?” I whisper, holding her tight. 
“No, baby,” mom replies, laughing a little. “You’re a young woman who just found her mate – I’d worry something was wrong with your relationship, honestly, if you weren’t sneaking off to steal a few hours with him. But,” she pulls back a little to look me in the eye. “Tomorrow we’re going to have a serious chat about birth control, okay?” 
I blush bright pink at this, looking down and biting my lip, but mom just laughs cheerfully and I glance back up at her. And then I smile back, because I know she understands, and that she isn’t trying to make me feel shameful about it. It’s just practical, yes? 
Because I have a very, very difficult time controlling myself around Jackson, and had mom not shown up at the door tonight…well, some things might have happened. Things with some very natural consequences for which I am very sure I am not ready. 
So, it’s a chat that I think I need and very much want to have.
My mom gives me a wink as Jackson comes to stand with us. “I’m sorry, your Highness,” he says, his face very serious. “I don’t want you to think I was…rude, or disobedient, or breaking your rules.” 
Mom just laughs, a little delighted, and steps forward to pat Jackson’s cheek. “It’s fine, Jackson, you’re young and sleep seems very unimportant when you’re young. But please – I’ll only be mad if you keep calling me Highness. It’s Ella.” 
“Ella,” he says, smiling at both of us as he tries out the name. He nods once, I think deciding that he likes it. 
“All right, now go,” mom says, giving me a little shove and gesturing towards the door. “Because I need to sleep, even if you don’t, and I’m not going to get any if I keep having to herd my children back to their beds.”
###Chapter 0286
Chapter 0286
“Children!?” I gasp, “who else is out?” I peer back over my shoulder at my mom as I head down the stairs. 
“None of your business,” mom says, very lofty, giving me a secretive smirk. “I’m not going to rat on my own children, after all.” 
“Is it Rafe!?” I ask, eager and a little scandalized, glancing back at Jackson too, who listens with interest. 
“Not my meatball!” mom says, laughing and continuing to escort us down. “My perfect little meatball, who’s never done anything wrong in his entire life!?” 
“It was Rafe,” Jackson murmurs to me with a wink, pressing a hand to the small of my back as we get to the bottom of the stairs and mom walks ahead. “Your mom put me in his room, like she put Daphne in yours, but he snuck out even before I did.” 
“Rafe,” I sigh, shaking my head. “God, I wonder where he went…” 
I look up at Jackson curiously, wondering if he knows. 
But, dead serious, Jackson just shakes his head at me. “Even if I knew,” he says, his voice low with the gravity of his charge, “I wouldn’t tell. I have been sworn to secrecy, and I take my charge quite seriously.” 
I scowl at him, mumbling discontentedly about how mates aren’t supposed to have secrets from each other, but he just laughs like that’s quite rich coming from me. 
And I laugh too, realizing that he’s right.
But when I get back into my room, and cast my eyes over Daphne, I see that she’s wearing a little pair of pink slippers that she certainly wasn’t wearing when I left the room. 
And that her eyes are pressed shut…a little tighter than I think they need to be for a girl deep in sleep. 
But I don’t say anything, letting my friend keep her secrets. I just climb into bed, pulling my blankets up with a contented sigh, and let sleep find me. 
All of my determination to let Daphne keep her secrets ends, however, the moment she wakes up. “Sooo,” she says, still groggy, waking up and rubbing her eye as she grins at me. “Someone was a bad little princess last night, sneaking out!” 
My mouth falls open for a second at her gall, but I snap it shut with a grin. 
“Oh really, Daph,” I say, flipping around on my bed so that I’m laying flat on my stomach as I grin at her. I perch my chin on my hand. “Do you really want to have a chat about who was bad, and who snuck out, with a certain someone’s brother?” 
Her jaw drops but then she bursts into laughter and flops back on her pillow, covering her face. “Wait, how did you know!? I got back before you!” 
“I know everything,” I say, exaggerating obviously but enjoying the way that she shakes her head in complete disbelief. “Sooo, Jackson and I took the roof. Where did Rafe take you?” 
“The kitchens,” she sighs, dropping her hands and smiling at me. “We sat on the counter and had cake. It was…very cute.” 
“Did you kiss?” I ask, eager, my eyebrows going up.
She laughs and shakes her head. “No, Ari, it wasn’t like that. It was just…” she sighs and covers her face with her hands again. “It was very sweet.” 
“Is that all the detail I’m going to get?” I ask, twisting my mouth in disappointment. 
“It’s your brother, Ari!” she says, laughing and turning her face back to me. 
“I know, I need dirt to blackmail him with,” I say, grinning and throwing a pillow at her before jumping out of bed. I move to my wardrobe, picking some clothes out for the day and letting Daphne keep her secrets if she wants to. It’s her love life, after all – she doesn’t have to share. 
But even as I sort through the dresses and clothes that hang before me – mom has clearly been updating my wardrobe, even in my absence – I let my mind wander. Rafe and Daphne, wow…I mean, are they becoming a thing? 
Or is it just…flirting? 
Are they just friends? Do they want to be more? 
“Ohhh, wear this green one,” Daphne says, appearing at my side and reaching into the wardrobe, pulling out a stunning but simple dress. “You’re going to Luca’s, right? This has very ‘meeting the mom’ vibes.” 
I laugh but nod, taking it from her hands, grateful for my friend’s impeccable taste. “It’s perfect,” I say, wrapping her in a quick hug before hurrying off to the bathroom to take a shower and get dressed. 
Because Daphne’s right – questions of my brother’s love life aside, I’ve got a lot on my plate today, and it’s time to get started.
###Chapter 0287
Chapter 0287
Daphne and I chat amiably on the way to breakfast, her telling me all the things she wants to see in the city, me giving my own recommendations. But when we turn into the breakfast room, I go a little still to see that it’s just my dad sitting at the head of the table, having a quiet cup of coffee while he scrolls through some document on his tablet. 
He looks up when we come in. Daphne freezes awkwardly beside me as dad stands up, giving us both a wide smile. 
“Daphne,” he says, giving her a little bow that makes her blush. “As much as I’d love to have breakfast with you as well, Ella’s set up a little something for you and the boys down the hall.” He gestures to the hallway behind her. “I think my daughter and I need a little moment alone to have a chat.” 
My eyes go a little wide because…well, I mean, I don’t think I’ve done anything to be in trouble... 
But did mom tell dad I snuck out with Jackson last night!? 
Does it even count as sneaking out if you don’t leave your house!? 
“Okay!” Daphne says, her voice a little squeaky as she scurries out into the hall. She looks back at me anxiously, though, not knowing where to go. 
“Three doors down on the left,” I whisper, grinning at her and nodding, knowing that’s the only other room mom would use to serve breakfast. Daphne grins at me and mouths “good luck” before heading down the hall. 
“The door, Ariel,” dad says, his voice stern, and I take a deep breath as I press it shut and move to the seat at his side, which is already set for breakfast, a cup of coffee waiting for me. “A bit late,” he
says, glancing at the clock as I seat myself. I glance at it too, and nod, realizing that this is more of a brunch or a lunch than a proper breakfast. 
“We were all tired,” I say, giving my dad my best innocent-Princess smile, “after our long journey home.” 
Dad just laughs a little, shaking his head, and seeing him smile allows my shoulders to unwind. “Don’t be so anxious, Ariel,” he murmurs as one of the cooks comes into the room with a plate of food for me. “You’re not in trouble.” 
The chef sets a plate of scrambled eggs and toast in front of me, my favorite breakfast since I was a little girl. I smile my thanks at the chef, who murmurs that she’s glad to see me safe home before discreetly disappearing form the room. As I begin to eat, I turn my attention back to my dad. 
“If I’m not in trouble,” I say, scooping some of the eggs onto my toast and making a little sandwich for myself by folding the slice of toast in half, “then…why the one-on-one?” 
“Because,” he says, settling back in his chair with his coffee in his hand, studying me. “I thought we should talk. About this two-mate stuff.” 
I grin at dad, anxious again because – well, because dad and I don’t really talk about romantic stuff. But when I see him clear his throat and flick his gaze away, I realize that he feels just as awkward as I do. And my anxiety subsides, replaced by love for him. 
“I could kill Roger,” dad sighs, a growl rumbling in his chest as he looks down into his coffee. “For not telling me about this sooner.” 
“Aunt Cora says you would have locked me up,” I say, taking a bite of my eggs and toast. 
“Still might,” he says, flicking his eyes up to me. I squawk a little, horrified at the idea, and then cough a bit as toast crumbs get stuck in my throat. Dad laughs, leaning forward to pat me on the
back. “Or I’ll just let your mates watch you eat,” he murmurs, “that should be enough to make them run for the hills.” 
“They’ve already seen it,” I mutter, mouth still full, as I reach for my glass of water and take a sip, swallowing. Then I turn my eyes back to my dad. “They were able to get over it.” 
“Brave men,” he murmurs, smirking at me, and I smirk back, and then everything feels…quite suddenly right again. Dad and I – we’ve always had a very special bond. And even if it is strange to talk about boys, I know that he’s got my best interests in his heart. And as we smile at each other, I know he’s realizing the same thing. 
“It’s not that I don’t want you to have these relationships, Ariel,” dad sighs, leaning forward and talking to me more naturally now. “I just…it’s going to be hard on you, isn’t it? And I’ve got that dad thing where I just want things to be easy for my kids – want it to be all right.” 
“Well, was it hard on you?” I ask, reaching for my coffee and taking a sip. “Aunt Cora told me that you have a little…experience here with the two-mate thing.”
###Chapter 0288
Chapter 0288
“It wasn’t…hard,” dad says, leaning back in his chair and thinking about it. “But it was different. It wasn’t like yours – I met your mother long after I met Lydia, and we had enough trouble figuring out that your mom was a wolf before we ever figured out that she was my mate. I think that had I met them at the same time…” he hesitates and then grimaces at me. “I think it would have been… insane. Mostly because they would have torn each other to pieces.” 
“Yeah,” I say, grimacing too as I lean back in my chair. “We had…a bit of that.” 
“No!” dad says, grinning at me and leaning forward, clearly wanting to hear more. I smile at my dad, because as much as he pretends he’s so serious, he loves gossip as much as the rest of us. And so I launch into the story, telling him about the night that Jacks and Luca found out about each other, and how they shifted, and how Jesse and Rafe had to intercede, and how Ben knocked me out of the way and probably saved me from some serious harm. 
“Wow,” dad says when it’s all done, looking a little pale as he runs a hand through his hair. “You were…lucky, Ariel. That could have been way worse. And I like this Ben character even more than I did before.” 
“Yes, Ben’s a gem,” I say, smiling. “But Jesse and Rafe have been amazing,” I continue, keeping my voice soft. “They really helped me to negotiate the whole thing, and calm Luca and Jackson down, and helped me advocate for myself when emotions were running high. I’m very lucky to have them.” 
Dad nods, thinking it through, and then we proceed to have a very long breakfast in which he asks for more details about my bonds with Luca and Jackson – nothing intimate, just the basics of how they feel, any abilities that come along with it, the politics of having to manage them. 
And then, to my surprise, he tells me the long story of his first mate. Of how she had been engaged to Uncle Roger, and the torture of discovering that she was his mate when he reached his majority, and how she made it worse for years by insisting that he keep it a secret until Grandpa Henry finally
decided to declare dad his heir, not Roger. And then Lydia had shocked everyone by revealing her mating bond with my dad and leaving Roger for his younger brother. 
“Wow,” I say, kind of shocked. “She sounds…not nice.” 
“Lydia was…complicated,” dad says on a sigh, lifting his eyes to mine. “And it wouldn’t have bothered her, at all, that people didn’t think she was nice. She cared much more about being powerful, and refined, and in control. She was a whirlwind of a woman – very easy to get caught up in, not at all concerned with the destruction she left in her wake.” 
I go quiet for a little, studying my dad, wondering how someone like that could be his mate. Because mom…mom is the opposite of all of that. And dad and she match so well. 
“I was a different man when I was younger, Ariel,” dad says evenly, intuiting the direction of my thoughts and telling me the truth even though I can see it pains him a little to do so. “I was…angry, and desperate for Lydia after so many years pining for her. And Grandpa Henry was…a different man too. He was still mourning the loss of mom and his political position.” Dad sighs, shaking his head. “It almost killed Roger and my relationship – we only got back on track after Cora and your mom came on the scene. They changed our entire world for the better.” 
I smile a little, liking that part of the story. “So, how did you change?” I ask quietly, really wanting to know. “How did you becoming…someone who matches mom, instead of Lydia?” 
“Grief,” he says, quite honestly, meeting my eyes. “It was a dark time, realizing that Lydia wasn’t the right match for me. Rejecting her – it almost killed me, Ariel. And I mean that quite literally – almost killed me in a physical way. The claim that a fated mate has on you, body and soul,” he sighs, looking down. “It is no small thing to reject them. It took me years to recover, but I think the crucible of that pain…allowed me to become the man who was worthy of your mom.” 
He looks up again, studying me. I look back at him quite seriously.
“Does that make sense?” he asks, his voice quiet. 
Slowly, I nod. But I don’t say anything. 
“What is it, daughter?” dad asks, leaning forward and taking my hand. Because he can tell something is wrong. 
And then, my voice soft in my fear, I tell him about Luca and Jackson’s decision – their request that I eventually choose one of them, and not just have them both. Because now that I know, at least second-hand, what it’s like to reject your mate? 
God, could I even do it?
###Chapter 0289
Chapter 0289
My dad sits quietly by me as I finish telling him what Jackson and Luca have asked of me, as I wipe a few stray tears from my eyes. Dad is strong and stoic as I speak – the rock in my life that I always need him to be, letting me feel my pain and sitting quietly by me as I do. And when it passes, he’s still there, holding my hand. 
“What do you think?” I ask, my voice a little shaky, wanting to know. 
He sighs. “Well, I’m not surprised,” he says, tilting his head to the side. “The possessiveness I feel towards your mother – there was a moment when we thought she had a second mate too, and I… completely flipped out –“ 
“What!?” I gasp, shocked. Why – why are there all these things about my parents’ past that I had no idea about!? 
Dad laughs a little, squeezing my hand. “I ripped the door basically off its hinges, went tearing through the Palace looking for him, fully intending to murder him, scared poor Conner nearly to death.” He laughs again, like it’s a fond memory, as I stare at him with wide eyes. 
“But he wasn’t her mate?” 
“No,” dad says, shaking his head. “Just…a misunderstanding. We checked with the Goddess, who confirmed things.” 
My eyes go wider. “How does one check with the Goddess!?” 
“Cora can do it,” dad says, waving a passive hand before reaching for his coffee. “Just summon her up – the rest of us can’t see her, but…” 
He goes still for a second, staring into space and collecting his thoughts, as I just gape at him. Aunt Cora can just summon the Goddess? God, and I thought it was impressive that she could control
the weather. 
“Actually,” dad says, turning his green eyes back on me and gently taking his hand from mine while he takes a sip of his coffee, sensing that my sadness has passed fully now. “You should consider asking Cora to call the Goddess for you, or see if you can do it –“ 
“If I can do it!?” I gasp, appalled. 
“You’re a little demigoddess too, Ariel,” dad says, grinning over his coffee at me. “I mean, we avoided saying that to you as much as we could when you were a kid because we didn’t want you getting a big head about it. But being the grandchild of a goddess – the first girl, too? It…might have some perks.” 
I just stare at him, completely baffled, before I blink myself out of my shock and concentrate on his words. “Wait, so, why would we summon the Goddess? To ask what?” 
“To ask if you need to choose between Jackson and Luca,” dad says, nodding slowly to me. “I mean, I’m not saying that you should break your word to your mates. But, I think it’s worth realizing that if the Goddess gave you two mates, she probably had a reason for it. After all, she gave me Lydia, I think, so that my loving her, and then rejecting her, would make me become the man who was worthy of being her daughter’s mate.” 
I grin at dad now, seeing where this is going, and very warmed to think that my dad really is the best – that if anyone on earth deserves mom, who is so amazing, only he can fit the bill. So, maybe his first mate really was part of the Goddess’s plan – that she made him go through a trial by fire to create the only man who was good enough for my mom. 
“So,” I say quietly, “you think I should talk to her?”
Dad nods slowly. “And I think Jackson and Luca should be there. Just to…get things on the same page. I think she has her reasons,” dad continues contemplatively, “and she gave you two mates at once for one of those reasons. If you ask, she may tell you why, or give you advice on how to proceed.” 
I exhale a deep breath and look down at my plate of food, suddenly not hungry anymore as I contemplate the fact that I’m adding “summon a goddess” to my list of things to do. 
My dad laughs a little, gently, turning my attention back to him. “Don’t let it scare you, Ariel,” he says, his voice a little growly as he leans forward and smiles at me, fond and loving and warm. “If anyone can handle this, it’s my brave girl.”
###Chapter 0290
Chapter 0290
I burst into a grin and then I’m out of my chair, reaching for my dad, who pulls me into a warm bear hug as he laughs. I hug him back, likewise laughing, so grateful that he always knows the right thing to say. “Thanks, dad,” I murmur, tucking my face down against his neck. 
“I love you, baby trouble,” he murmurs, holding me tight. “Don’t let those stupid boys walk all over you. You’re a Princess and a Sinclair, after all. You’re in charge.” 
“I won’t,” I promise, sighing happily. And as my dad releases me and gives me a little shove towards the door, telling me to get a move on with my day because I’ve got in-laws to meet, I’m grateful again that I’ve got absolutely the best dad in the world. 
As I move towards the door and smile at him, he smiles right back. 
And I know that he feels just the same about me. 
“Love you, dad!” I call, grinning as I push the door open. 
“Love you more, baby,” he says, heaving a happy sigh. 
I’m not at all surprised when I find Captain Conner waiting outside the door to the breakfast room. He pushes himself up off the wall when he sees me, his eyes crinkling with his smile. “Ready to go, Princess?” 
“Yup!” I say, grinning up at my old friend. Conner – he feels like so much more than a bodyguard. I’ve known him my whole life, and I know that mom and dad basically consider him family at this point. “Dad was just telling me about how he scared the hell out of you one night when he thought mom had another mate and he hunted him down with the intent to kill.” 
“Oh, that old story?” Conner says easily, raising an eyebrow at me that makes me burst into laughter.
“How can you talk about it like it’s so simple!?” 
“It was a long time ago, Princess,” Conner says with a grin, gesturing down the hall and then walking at my side as we get started. 
“What other stories about my parents do you know,” I ask as we walk, narrowing my eyes at him. 
“Oh, what I know about your parents could fill a book. A couple of them, actually,” he says, giving me a wink. “Did they ever tell you about the time they lived in a bunker for a few months because they were being assailed by Priests of the Dark God?” 
“What!?” I nearly shriek, laughing in my shock. 
“Oh yeah,” Conner says, nodding and grinning as we make our way down to the garages beneath the palace, where a town car is waiting to take us to Luca’s gym. “Buckle up, Princess,” he says, gesturing towards the car. “I’ll tell you on the way. This one’s a good one.” 
By the time we get to the gym, I’m absolutely gaping at Conner, who is clearly enjoying himself with the telling. “Wait,” I say, shaking my head in disbelief, “mom’s estranged uncle was trying to kidnap Rafe and take the throne for himself!? But that’s…that’s insane!” 
“It was a wild time, kiddo,” Conner says, unbuckling his belt as he puts the car in park. I nod like that’s one hell of an understatement, and he smiles at me. “You ready for this?” he says, raising his chin towards the gym. 
“Um,” I say, looking over towards it, a little anxious now. Because for the first time, I’m walking into Luca’s turf, which I’m very aware is a world filled with big tough Alphas who are all trained to beat each other up. And while I guess that’s not very different from the Academy…I’m walking into it as a girl now, aren’t I? And a princess. And Luca’s mate.
I bite my lip, looking back at Conner. “Will you come in with me?” I whisper, wanting our family’s old friend by my side. 
“Of course I will,” he says, bursting into a grin. “Besides, I’ve been wanting to get a look into the Grant Gym for a long time now! This will be fun.” 
Captain Conner gives me a wink, and together we get out of the car and head inside.
###Chapter 0291
Chapter 0291
Luca’s gym is…loud. 
My eyes go wide as Conner and I step inside, as I take in the dozens of people all working out. There three boxing rings spread out across the long room, and then at least fifteen large punching bags hang from the ceiling in the area to my left. Weaving in between them are a group of teenage boys, each concentrating hard as they punch the bag in front of them, being cheerfully yelled at by the man who is clearly their coach. Loud, heavy music pulses through the air, and no one turns to me as I come in. 
Despite the fact that each of the rings is occupied with boxers sparring with each other or working with their coaches, my eyes go immediately to the middle one. Because I know Luca’s form when I see it, and he’s there, working alone with an older bald man who barks out orders as Luca punches the pads on his hands. 
A smile breaks out on my face and I glance up at Conner, who’s looking down at me. He gives me another wink and then raises his chin towards Luca, clearly suggesting that I move boldly forward. So I do, remembering my dad’s words that I’m a Princess and a Sinclair, and that I was invited here today. Even if I do find this place intimidating as hell, there’s nothing here I can’t handle. 
Luca concentrates hard in the ring as Conner and I walk over to it, coming to stand quietly ringside and watch him finish his exercise. Neither he nor his coach give any indication that they realize that I’m here, the coach continuing to shout commands and suggestions for Luca. At each one Luca changes something slightly, standing straighter, or hitting harder, or ducking more quickly. 
I’m amazed, again, at how fast he is. I mean, I know that Luca is the national champion for a reason, but god he’s impressive. Luca’s hands move so fast that they’re nearly a blur to my vision and I can tell by the way that his coach’s hands snap back that each of his punches land with one hell of an impact.
I smile as my eyes move over my mate, taking in his tanned, sweaty skin, the lines of his torso as they disappear in to his cute boxing shorts. I raise my eyes to admire the line of his jaw, clenched in his determination, and the way the muscles shift in his powerful shoulders as he delivers punch after punch. 
God, but he’s hot. 
And mine, the fact of which is its own personal thrill. 
My smile deepens, and Luca flinches, a little bit, glancing to the side where I’m standing. 
When he does, his coach reaches out and cuffs him, hard, over the head. 
I gasp, but Luca just laughs as he stumbles to the side. “Okay, okay,” he says, rubbing at his head and grinning at his coach. “You got me there – I was distracted.” 
“Better not get distracted tomorrow night,” the coach mutters, gruff, clearly not happy about the fact that Luca lost his concentration. Then he flicks his eyes to me. “She’ll be there, you know. I won’t have her ringside.” 
“She’s not gonna be ringside, she’ll be in the box,” Luca mutters, waving a hand dismissively at his coach before turning fully to me, a wide grin taking over his face as he comes to lean on the ropes of the boxing ring. “Hey!” he says, his eyes crinkling in delight as he sees me. “I’m so glad you’re here! Just let me finish this workout and I’ll –“ 
“You’re done, you’re done,” the coach sighs, pulling the pads off his hands as he shakes his head. “You’re tired, and you’re not going to get any work done with her here anyway.” 
Luca grins at the coach before passively holding out his glove, palm up. The coach comes forward, reaching for Luca’s boxing glove and helping him with the laces on his wrist. “Ariel, this is my uncle,
Bruce Grant,” he says, nodding to me and then to the burly man who I can now see has a passing resemblance to Luca, though far gruffer.
###Chapter 0292
Chapter 0292
My eyebrows go up, because Luca’s told me about his uncle – the man who raised him, kept him out of trouble, turned him into the champion he is today. 
“Uncle,” Luca says, grinning at the older man and slipping his hand out of the first glove, starting on the second himself now that the first is gone. “This is Ariel Sin-“ 
“I know who she is,” Bruce says, gruff. Then he lifts his eyes to me, giving an awkward little bow. “Your highness,” he murmurs, clearly not happy about saying my honorific but doing it anyway. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. You’re welcome here, and to our family. We’re honored to have you, and glad Luca finally met a mate so he’ll stop being such a damn ass with women.” 
My eyebrows go up because…well, I wasn’t expecting such a warm welcome from this gruff man. I clench my teeth to keep from laughing, giving a solemn nod to Bruce as Luca bursts into laughter. 
“I’m not an ass with women,” he sighs, shaking the sweat from his hair and handing the second boxing glove to his uncle. “I’m just –“ 
“A damn ass,” his uncle says, cuffing Luca over the head again, softer this time, with a tiny smile on his lips. “Now go get a shower, so you can be presentable for your mother and your grandmother. Miss Ariel,” he says, shifting his eyes back to me and giving me a nod, “I’ll look forward to seeing you again at home.” 
Bruce walks to the other side of the ring as Luca climbs out from between the ropes, hopping down to the floor. My mate reaches for me as he nods his hello to Conner, wanting to give me a sweaty hug, but I squeak and swat at him. “You’re all sweaty!” I protest. “And I have to meet your mom!” 
Luca just laughs again and I beam at him, completely swept away by this very attractive, very sweaty Alpha as he runs a hand through his wet hair, slicking it back. “Fine, fine,” he sighs, shaking his head a little and spraying me with sweat in a way that makes me shriek again but which…well,
which I don’t hate. I mean, I like my mate all sweaty after a workout, I guess. Especially when he looks like that, all shirtless and muscular, smelling deliciously of boy and apricots and sunshine. 
“Come on,” Luca says, nodding towards the locker room and clearly inviting me to go with him. “I’ll be fast. Mom and Gran are waiting, after all.” 
Conner nods to me, murmuring that he wants to look over the gym, and I follow Luca towards the locker room. He leads me inside and I’m surprised to see that it’s tiny – just one shower, and some towels, and a little set of lockers. 
“This is just mine,” Luca says, shooting me a grin as he quickly pulls off his shoes and socks before stepping into the little shower stall, pulling the curtain shut. “Being the champ has its perks.” 
“I guess so,” I say, a little impressed as I sit on the little wooden bench in front of the lockers and listen as Luca turns the water on. As steam starts to rise above the curtain bar, Luca’s hand reaches out from behind the curtain, dropping his sweaty shorts on the ground outside. 
He starts talking, then, telling me about his day and how his mom and uncle reacted when he revealed to them that he has a mate, and that his mate is the princess. But if I’m being honest, I barely hear him. 
Because I am suddenly very aware that my super-hot mate is naked on the other side of a flimsy curtain, water running all over his sore, muscled body. 
And that we are…absolutely all alone in this private locker room. 
And I’ve got no big brother and cousin out there protecting my chastity for once. 
I mean…what is a girl to do?
###Chapter 0293
Chapter 0293
Luca, true to his word, showers quickly, continuing to tell me about his morning and how his uncle kicked the crap out of him, not impressed at all by anything that he learned at the Academy and taking the day to drill back into him all of his old techniques. 
“I mean,” Luca says, turning off the shower. “He’s not wrong – I’ve got to remember the basics that I’ve had drilled into me for years, or else I’ll get sloppy. But I did learn some stuff at the Academy, and I’m a little frustrated that he won’t even let me think of incorporating it into any of my strategy.” 
“Uh-huh,” I say, completely distracted, sitting prim and straight on the little bench before Luca’s small set of lockers, my hands on my knees, staring at the flimsy curtain, thinking hard about what’s behind it. 
I remember, suddenly, the first time that I saw Luca naked – in the locker room, while I was waiting to take my own shower, and I had gone completely still, just…staring at him. Watching the water slip down his skin, over his muscles. Watched him tilt his head back and fill his mouth with it, and then let it spill out over his lips… 
God, god. 
Suddenly all I want to do is leap forward and rip the curtain back, and grab him – 
But Luca beats me to it. 
I jump as he rips the curtain back, and my eyes go wide because… 
God damn it – crap – crap but he’s gorgeous. 
Luca – he’s a celebrity heartthrob for a reason, and as I stare at him, a white towel slung low over his hips, running a hand through his hair that’s darker now that it’s all wet…I know precisely why he’s almost always included in the top 10 of any “Most Eligible” list.
He’s just…beautiful. 
My eyes drift down his body, flicking over his wide, muscled shoulders, toned from years of determination and training, of hours and hours in the gym, working towards his singular goal of being the best at his art. Over his pecs and his insane abs that ripple like a damn washboard, all the way down to the sharp V of his hips, to where it disappears into his towel. 
When my eyes move back up to Luca’s face – his perfect, too-handsome, even pretty face – I see him smirking at me, clearly intuiting my admiration and enjoying the hell out of my shell-shocked expression, probably feeling every inch of my insane desire down our bond. 
“Oh whatever,” I huff, crossing my arms as I blush, a little embarrassed to be caught out in my lust while he’s apparently perfectly composed. “You’re into me too!” 
“Damn right I am,” he murmurs, taking a step forward towards me that makes something burn low in my stomach, makes me go loose and tense all at once. But to my shock, Luca just continues smirking at me for a moment before he shifts his attention to the lockers behind me, reaching for one and apparently completely ignoring me. 
I can’t help the indignant squeak that slips from my lips as Luca opens the locker and starts to rifle inside, pulling out some clothes and stacking them on the bench next to me. I just stare, open- mouthed, at my mate – who is apparently very, very willing to ignore my desire for him right now. 
Suddenly very miffed, I snap my mouth shut and glare at him, tightening my arms across my chest and sending every single one of my emotions down the bond so that he knows precisely how offended, and frustrated, and – well, yes, a little hurt – I am, so that there’s no chance he can ignore it anymore. 
To my shock, Luca just laughs lightly, a dark and ironic sound, pressing his eyes shut as he turns away from me and pulls on his underwear beneath the towel, and then lets that drop to the ground,
and then starts on his pants. I have to admit, I’m a little distracted by the sight, but not enough to overlook the fact that my mate is very able to just ignore me now, when we’re alone in our non- dream bodies for like, the first time ever.
###Chapter 0294
Chapter 0294
“Ariel,” Luca sighs, shaking his head and smiling as he turns back to me, buttoning his pants. “It’s not going to happen like this.” 
“What’s not going to happen!?” I ask, tossing out a hand. 
“It’s…” Luca says, his emphasis on the word, and his raised eyebrow making it very clear what he means, “not going to happen like this.” 
I jump to my feet in protest, my hands fisted at my side. “Luca!” I hiss, angry. “I mean, you don’t get to decide that for both of us! There are two of us here!” 
He sighs a little through his nose, frustrated, and then lightning-fast he reaches for me, grabbing me by the waist and pulling me tight against him, running his fingers through my hair and wrapping them lightly around the back of my neck before I have time to even think, to process what’s going on. 
“Do you seriously want to lose your virginity in a locker room, Ariel?” he murmurs, smirking down at me, shaking his head and staring into my eyes with his pretty brown ones. “With my uncle, and your bodyguard, and a passel of teenage boys on the other side of that wall?” He nods slightly to his left, towards the door. 
“Um,” I say, my eyes shifting to the side, because I didn’t think about it that way. But even as I know that’s not what I want, my hands move to his waist. And then I watch Luca shudder, and press his eyes shut as I flatten my palms against his ribs and run my hands up over his back, pulling him tighter against me even as I rest my weight against him. 
And that’s how I know that Luca isn’t nearly as resistant to me as he was pretending to be just a minute ago. And I smile.
“Come on, Luca,” I whisper, soft and teasing. “Just…kiss me. Just a little kiss.” 
He groans, and his hands tighten – just incrementally – before suddenly he twists and spins me, and presses me back against the lockers. I gasp when my shoulders clang against the metal, but it’s not that it hurts – not at all, Luca’s very careful with me – but the sound of it, and the surprise – 
I stare up at my mate, wide-eyed. 
“Is this what you want, Ariel?” he murmurs, moving the hand curved around the back of my neck up so that he cradles my head, using his half-naked body to press me back against the cold metal of the lockers. 
At the same time, he slides his other hand down the length of my body until it rests against my thigh. And then he slowly starts to bunch the fabric of my dress there, so that it raises up my leg, inch by inch. 
“Do you want me to take you right here, right now?” He lowers his face a little and my breath hitches as I stare up at him, my heart starting to pound. “Because if that’s what you want…god knows I don’t have enough willpower to resist if you ask me – really ask me.” 
I stare up at him, my breath coming in fast little pants now, completely at a loss for what to say. 
“Tell me what you want, Ariel,” Luca whispers, his face serious, before he presses a lingering kiss to my lips. 
And in that moment I realize that…I have absolutely no idea what I really want.
###Chapter 0295
Chapter 0295
My wolf absolutely howls inside of me, telling me to do ridiculous things as she always does. Kiss him! Jump on top of him, wrap your legs around his waist, he likes that! See if you can get his pants off – he just put them on - 
But I shake my head, willfully trying to ignore her, because the sensible part of me knows that Luca is right – that this is not how I want this to happen. 
“See?” he says, smirking at me, a little smug as he pulls himself away a little bit, pausing his hand’s work to get my dress up over my hip. “I didn’t think so.” 
“Hey!” I snarl, offended – because, I mean, I didn’t make my decision yet! 
Yes! My wolf shouts, encouraging me forward. Grab him! Make him kiss us again! Take the stupid dress off! Why did we let Daphne pick such a complicated dress – we should have worn something with snaps - 
“What?” Luca says, pausing and coming just an inch closer, teasing me now. “Come on, Ariel –let’s wait until after the match – then I can actually take you to bed, a real bed –“ 
“Why do you always think you get to tell me what I want?” I ask, frowning up at him, starting to get a little pissed now if I’m being honest. Because I mean, he actually is right. The first time I do this I do want to be in a bed, and relaxed, and not worrying if someone is going to come through the door. 
But damn it, why did he know that first? 
“Because,” Luca murmurs, stepping close to me again and pressing a kiss to my cheek and then to my neck – a soft, lingering one that makes my eyelids flutter. “You’re my mate – and because I know you Ariel.”
God, the way his mouth moves over my skin – it’s torture, and he knows it. My hands tighten against the skin of his back, my nails digging just slightly into him, and his skin shivers all over. 
“I know what you want,” he whispers, raising his head and looking into my eyes again before pressing a soft kiss to my mouth. “And…well, I know what you can handle.” He hesitates here, just for a second. “I’m…more experienced in this than you.” 
My mouth drops open now, a little appalled. “Luca!” I gasp, whipping my hand around and smacking him in the chest – not hard, but with a satisfying smack that lets him know that I’m mad. “Are you seriously saying that I – that I can’t handle you!?” 
His face breaks into a smile and a little growl rumbles in his chest. “I know you can’t handle me, Ariel,” he murmurs, his voice dipping lower in a way that – god, that makes the heat in me grow more steadily. “Not yet, at least. We need to get your body used to this a little more before we start doing adventurous things like a quickie in a locker room. You’re trying to run before you can walk.” 
I huff now, genuinely angry, and shove harder against his chest, fully pissed now. “That is so rude, Luca,” I snarl, lifting my chin up to glare at him. “Just because you’re so slutty that you’ve had more experience than me –“ 
Luca laughs, genuinely pleased, his eyes crinkling. But he doesn’t step back – steps closer, even, bunching my dress up more, slipping his hand beneath the hem of it and sliding his palm steadily upwards until his hand cups my ass, his palm moving over the lacy edge of my panties. 
I gasp again, my eyes going wide, any protests falling dead on my tongue. 
“So, this is really what you want? What you can handle?” he murmurs, his eyes shining, tightening his hand a little, squeezing my ass in a way that makes my head fall back, just a little, a puff of desperate breath slipping between my lips. “You won’t let me show you the ropes slowly? Want to just…jump into the deep end?”
“You’re mixing your metaphors,” I growl, my brain fuzzing, talking nonsense because I’m having trouble concentrating with the way his fingers are moving over my underwear, trending inwards, towards… 
“It’s too easy,” he murmurs, shaking his head, taunting me. “Honestly, Ariel, you should let me take it slow. You won’t be able to handle it.” 
“Wha…what?” I murmur, my eyes half shut as he presses himself closer to me, as I feel his chest press hard against my breasts. 
“If you let me touch you, Ariel,” he whispers, “when you’re all worked up like this? I’m going to make you come in about…thirty seconds.” 
My eyes fly open, appalled at his arrogance, his gall. 
He smiles, greedy, dipping his head closer and taking a sniff of me, like he can smell my anger, like he likes it. “Seriously, gorgeous,” he says with a sigh, even though he doesn’t move his body away, keeps his hand right where it is on my ass, his other still cradling my neck. “We can take our time later, make it right.”
###Chapter 0296
Chapter 0296
I just narrow my eyes, still pissed. Because I mean – I’ve done stuff by myself before – and never, ever have I finished that fast. 
Damn, but he thinks highly of himself in these regards. 
“You’re exaggerating to get what you want,” I growl, even though it turns into a gasp when Luca tightens his hand on my neck, holding me still as he lets his other hand inch closer to the center of me. “There’s no way you could ever make me come in thirty seconds.” 
Luca turns his head to the side a little, considering. “Probably right about that,” he murmurs, nodding. 
I smirk, smug. 
“More like…two minutes.” 
My jaw drops before I snap it shut, livid. “You arrogant little –“ 
He laughs, low and pleased, liking me all worked up and feisty like this. “Wanna bet, Princess?” His mouth is so close that I can feel is breath on my lips. 
I go still, staring at him, realizing that he’s offering… 
Luca’s smile deepens. “If I win,” he says softly, “I get a weekend with you. All to myself. Before we go back to the Academy.” 
Yes! My wolf howls, dancing around inside of me, her paws skittering delightedly in my soul. Sweeten the pot! Give him money! Give him your crown – that’s worth something, right? Give him the PALACE!
I loose a shaky breath as Luca’s fingers start to trace circles around edges of my panties, dipping inwards, slow and distracting and maddening and wonderful. 
“And if I win?” I whisper. 
“Whatever you want,” he murmurs, lowering his mouth to brush against mine. “A blank cheque. Anything.” 
He pulls back for a second, looking deep into my eyes, and I consider – just incrementally – that this might be stupid. But god, the way he’s looking at me, the way he smells – 
God, fuck, I don’t care – my wolf wins, I give in – 
“Fine,” I say, giving a half-hearted little shrug, still trying to play it cool even though I can barely think. “Do your worst, Grant.” 
“So, it’s a bet? A weekend, against a blank cheque that you’re absolutely never going to cash?” 
“Why wouldn’t I cash it?” I ask, frowning, confused. 
“Because you’re never going to win,” he says, laughing a little, grinning at me. 
“It’s a bet,” I growl, pissed again, newly determined – 
But there’s no time to think on it, because faster than I can wrap my mind around anything new Luca closes the final few inches between us and fastens his mouth to mine like he can’t wait another second. 
The kiss absolutely sweeps through me and I forget any determination that I had as Luca parts my lips with his, as his tongue presses against mine, as he licks me and presses me hard back against the lockers. I’m panting already, my heartrate so high I can feel it pounding in my ears.
As Luca lines every inch of his torso up with mine, I can feel that he wants me too – can feel it in the way that he pants into my mouth, in the intensity with which he clings to me, in the hardness of his cock, which is pressed between us, thick and ready. I slide my hand down towards it, wanting to – 
“Absolutely not,” he growls, snatching my hand away and pinning it to the locker above my head with the hand that was around my neck a moment ago. “You’re not distracting me with that, Ariel – not when I’m on a time limit.” 
But I just moan, and press my body closer to him, grinding my hips forward – wanting him, wanting my mate, wanting to feel his body, every piece of it – 
“No,” he murmurs, shaking his head at me. “This is about you.” 
And then he moves his hand from my backside, sliding it around towards my stomach. Luca shifts his body to make room, still pinning one of my hands above my head. My other hand smacks flat against the lockers behind me like they’re some sort of anchor to the world as I concentrate on his touch, on the way his hand moves all the way around so that it’s pressed flat against my navel, his fingers pointing down towards the floor. 
And then, as I pant, my eyes half shut, my focus on his face, Luca slides his hand lower and slips it into my panties.
###Chapter 0297
Chapter 0297
I moan again, hard, as Luca touches me, his hand moving slowly lower, sliding his fingers against the slick skin he finds there. Subtly, moving without even thinking about it, I shift my feet further apart, wanting him to touch me deeper, wanting more. 
“Good girl,” Luca murmurs, his voice a purr in my ear. I shift my eyes upwards towards him, my vision hazy, not understanding because – because what’s good – what did I – 
But Luca just shakes his head and kisses me again, passing words down our bond. Don’t think, he instructs, his voice a tender purr. Just feel. 
And so I do as he says – I give myself over to the sensations as Luca gently strokes me, his fingers nimble as he expertly finds just the precise spot where I want him to press. And then, slowly, he begins to stroke and tease me there, his movements a steady rhythm that builds something in me – a heat, and a need, and a desperate flame that seeks to burn – to destroy everything in its path and wipe everything out with it. 
I tear my mouth to the side, unable to handle the intensity of it, his name a breath on my lips. He shifts again then, moving his hand away from that spot, and the building intensity inside of me wanes in a way that makes me gasp in protest, my eyes opening, seeking his, wanting to know why – 
Luca just smiles at me, and shakes his head, and shifts his hand lower so that his fingers press at my entrance. His thumb takes their place higher up, turning in slow circles that make me shiver. 
But now that I feel him there, at my entrance, his fingers teasing, just barely pressing in – it’s all I want. My hips buck forward on their own, urging him onward, wanting him to feel him fill me. But Luca just pulls back, denying me what I want. I groan, and shiver, and stare up at him, not understanding, my mind absolutely blank with anything but want for him.
My entire body now is tense with wanting it, my knees shaking, because I’m close – I’m so close – and he’s deliberately holding back now. I shake my head at him, not understanding, my panting moans coming with almost every breath. 
Luca smiles at me, delicious and wicked, and he drops the hand that’s pinning my wrist to the lockers above me. He wraps that hand in the hair that grows at the base of my neck instead, pulling gently, just enough to make me moan so loud at the intensity of it that I’m not sure the entire gym outside doesn’t hear. 
Not that I care. Not that I care about anything right now, except – 
“Beg me,” he breathes into my ear, before his tongue licks me, just once, across my earlobe and then down the length of my neck. “Beg me for it, Ariel.” 
I resist for just a moment, but then god – fuck – I give in. 
“Please,” I groan, eager to obey, eager to give him anything he wants, if he’ll just… “Please, Luca,” I say again, shaking my head, hardly able to bear it. 
My mate instantly obeys, turning my head back to his and capturing my mouth with his lips as his hand shifts lower, as two of his fingers press inside of me, as his thumb flicks harder against that point at the crest of me that makes me shiver and gasp. Luca’s fingers pulse once, twice, and then they curl deliciously forward – 
The moan that tumbles from my mouth is intense as I spill over, as whatever dam within me breaks and the sensation races through my body. Luca holds me tight, kissing me through it as his fingers continue to curl in that way that shatters me, that sends sparks through my blood, that feels like a living flame consuming me from the inside out. I groan, and shudder, shaking against him as little sobs break from my lips. I barely notice, can barely describe it, but somehow it feels like wind rushes through the room – raising the hair off my sweaty neck, carrying sparks with it.
And then it subsides, and I’m panting, and Luca’s got one arm tight around my back, the other withdrawing from me and slipping around to the back of my leg as I gasp against him, my knees going weak, completely unable to hold myself up anymore. 
But Luca’s there, shushing softly to me, holding me tight. He quickly steps back to sit down on the bench and takes me with him, gathering me up into his lap as I go to puddy in his arms, resting my head against him as the feeling echoes through me, pounding and then fading, less and less, until I can breathe again, until I can come back to myself.
###Chapter 0298
Chapter 0298
And when I do, Luca’s right there, holding me tight. 
I tilt my head up, looking into his eyes, and he cups my cheek in his hand, looking seriously down into my face. 
“You win,” I murmur, and he bursts into laughter as I tuck my head under his chin, and press my flushed cheek against his chest, and try to catch my breath. 
Luca gives me a moment, rocking me back and forth, until I think he can feel me come back to myself more completely. He kisses me softly on the side of the head. “You okay?” he murmurs, curious and a little concerned. 
I raise my head to glare at him a little, and then pass all of my emotions down our bond to him so I don’t have to bother putting it all into words. He grins as he feels them – figures out that it felt amazing, and overpowering, and delicious, and wonderful, and scary. All at once. 
I just sigh and murmur that I’m fine, shaking my head at the understatement. 
Luca tightens his arms around me and, and I can feel his own joy pulsing through him. “Wait till you see what I can do with my tongue,” he murmurs. 
My head whips up, my eyes a little wide, because if that wasn’t the full extent of it… 
Luca just laughs, and traces the shape of my bottom lip with his thumb, and shakes his head, staring at me like he could never look at me long enough. “You’re so beautiful,” he whispers, making me smile. “And very sexy.” 
This just makes me blush, and laugh, and look away from him a little bit, down at the floor, because that I find hard to believe.
“What?” he says, brushing his hand along my jaw and turning my head to look back up at him. “You don’t think so?” 
“Luca,” I groan, tucking myself closer to him and looking away, blushing a bit. Because, I mean, I’ve gotten used to the idea that I’m pretty, but sexy!? No, Daphne’s sexy, with her curves and her smirks. But me? I’m just cute at best. 
“What?” he protests, laughing again. 
But I shake my head, sighing and looking up at him. “I just went to pieces in front of you in under two minutes, and made the most ridiculous assortment of obscene sounds, and you want me to believe I was sexy!?” 
“Really sexy obscene sounds,” he murmurs, nudging me playfully with his nose, and I groan and cover my face with his hands. “I’m serious, Ariel!” he says, laughing more and tightening his arms around me, making me listen to him. “I could very happily spend a few happy days laid up in bed with you, making you make those noises.” 
“Oh my god,” I moan, laughing a little against his chest, but…not hating the idea. Not at all. 
“I am not at all kidding,” he murmurs, but I’m immediately more at ease. Luca, he really does know me – knows what I like, knows what will make me laugh, knows what I need emotionally and, clearly, physically. 
I sigh happily, dropping my hands and looking into his eyes, believing him just a little bit. Because, I mean, the emotions that are coming down the bond to me match what he’s saying – he was very turned on by it all. Luca simply nods, smiling at me, and I wind my arms around his neck. “And when do I get a chance to wring some embarrassing sounds out of you?”
“Oh, five to six years,” he murmurs, grinning and giving me a quick kiss, “after I’ve had a chance to lick every inch of you over and over again.” He quickly dips his head then, demonstrating his meaning by giving me a long, languid lick up the length of my neck, making me shudder all over. I laugh, unable to help it, every nerve in my body still tender from what he just did to me. I swat him away, and he complies. 
Luca’s face drops into more serious lines as he contemplates me. “I’m sorry,” he says, looking into my eyes. “If that was…too much, with the bet and…pressing you up against the lockers. You’re just very sexy when you’re all worked up, and I have trouble not…stoking the fire.” 
“No,” I whisper, tightening my arms around him and pulling him a little closer. “I liked it too. I kind of…” I hesitate, biting my lip. 
“What?” he prods, smiling his pleasure.
###Chapter 0299
Chapter 0299
“No,” I laugh, wrinkling my nose at him and smacking him playfully on the chest. “I don’t want to give you any encouragement.” 
Luca growls, snatching me closer, willing me to tell what I’m thinking. And I can’t help it – I just laugh and lean back against his arm. “I kind of like it when you’re bossy with me,” I whisper, blushing a little because I’m not sure I even knew I liked that. And I’m sure I wouldn’t like it with anyone else, not at all. 
But with Luca? 
He just groans, his eyes fluttering half shut, tugging me closer and taking a long languid sniff of my scent. “I’ll boss you around all you want, Princess,” he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my shoulder. “I’ll even –“ 
“Not in real life,” I say, pointing my finger into his face and narrowing my eyes. “Just in bed. Or… locker room. As it were.” 
Luca grins, and nods once, and snaps his teeth just millimeters from the edge of my finger, making me jump and laugh again. 
But then we both jump, and then go still, at the pounding at Luca’s locker room door. 
“Your grandmother is waiting for you, Luca!” his uncle’s voice shouts from the other side. 
And I gasp and press my hands to my mouth because – oh my god, because I completely forgot. Completely lost entire track of the world outside of this room, if I’m being honest. 
“Yup,” Luca says, glancing up at the clock with a grimace. “We’d better go.” Hastily he stands up, setting me on my wobbly feet, and I frantically spin for the mirror, wanting to make sure I at least look like I haven’t been making out with my boyfriend in his private the locker room.
“Coming!” Luca calls when his uncle knocks again. Then Luca moves to the little pile of clothes that we knocked to the floor a few minutes ago, grabbing his undershirt and pulling it over his head. He turns to me and grins as the shirt pulls over his face, ruffling his wet hair. 
And everything is just so perfect in this moment I can’t help but grin right back at my mate before I turn to the mirror and fix my hair. Because I’m a Princess, after all, about to meet my mate’s family. And the least I can do is be presentable. 
A huge cheer erupts when we walk into Luca’s house, hand-in-hand, and I gasp, completely undone by it. 
“Sorry,” Luca says, giving me a grimace even though he can’t stop smiling. “I told them that not everyone could come and meet you today – just the essentials. But I guess they…didn’t listen.” 
I flick my eyes up at him, grinning like crazy, but there’s no time to respond before Luca’s family swarms forward, reaching out their hands to me, eager to make me welcome. So, I just pass all of my feelings down our bond, letting him know that I love it, and I feel so warm and loved already, and I’m thrilled to meet all of them – every single one. 
Luca introduces me as his girlfriend, telling me a lot of names I unfortunately won’t remember as I shake hands with his family members, saying my hellos and giving everyone my best Princess smile. But then I find myself facing a woman who holds both hands out to me, a beautiful smile on her face. I take her hands in mine, and as I look up into her warm brown eyes, and take in her own set of perfect dimples, I know instantly that it’s Luca’s mom. “Welcome, Ariel,” she says, beaming at me. “It’s so nice to meet you –“ 
“It’s so nice to meet you too!” I say, eager, walking with her as she leads me forward – but we don’t get far before a very tiny, very eager little woman steps towards us, both of her hands out, smiling so hard that her eyes are two little half moons on her face. “La Principessa!” she shouts, thrilled, and then before I know it I’m wrapped up in her arms.
I laugh, hugging her back, letting her rock me back and forth. Behind me, I hear Luca laugh goodheartedly. 
“Ariel, this is my grandmother,” he says, and I turn my head to smile at him before pulling away from the old woman a little bit and beaming down into her face. She shakes her head at me like she can’t believe I’m real. But then she blinks and looks around behind me. She murmurs something in words I don’t understand, and I turn with real surprise when Luca responds in the same language.
###Chapter 0300
Chapter 0300
I stare at him, shocked, and Luca just grins at me. “Do you – do you speak Itablio?” I ask. 
“I mean, just a little,” he says with a shrug as his family moves eagerly around us, setting out food and drinks, turning on music. 
“Of course he speaks Itablio, it’s his native tongue!” his mother says, laughing and coming to press a fizzy orange drink into my hand. 
“It is?” I gasp, still staring at Luca. He just laughs and looks away, maybe a little bashful. 
“Where!” his Gran says suddenly, pulling my attention back to her. “Where…Rafe!” 
“What?” I ask, baffled but bursting into a grin. 
“Where…Rafe!” she repeats, looking around the room eagerly. 
Luca’s mom laughs and slips an arm around her mother’s shoulder, grinning and speaking quietly to her in their language. I look to Luca, curious. 
“Yeah,” Luca says, stepping closer and running a coy hand through his hair. “I kind of forgot to mention that Gran is…kind of obsessed with the royal family.” He lifts his chin towards the corner of the room, and I turn to see a picture of my mom on the wall, looking saintly and smiling beatifically, holding a little baby Rafe in her arms, their cheeks pressed together. A candle burns beneath the painting, and it’s clear that it’s very well cared for. 
My mouth drops open in shock and delight. 
“Rafe is her favorite,” Luca continues, and I burst out laughing, turning my face back up to his. “She is going to be bummed when she found out that it’s just the Princess today, and not her precious Prince.”
“Principe Rafe!” Gran says again, clapping her hands. “He so…handsome!” Luca’s mom laughs, picking up the end of our conversation. 
“Don’t listen to Luca,” she says to me, rolling her eyes at her son. “Gran is, of course, thrilled to meet you, Ariel. We all are.” She opens her arms to me now, and I go to her, letting her wrap me up in her arms too. “I always prayed he had a mate,” Luca’s mom whispers to me, holding me tight, and a true warmth rushes through me at her words. “I didn’t realize he’d be lucky enough to get you.” 
She pulls back a little, and cups my cheek in her palm, her eyes filled with tears. 
“Mommm,” Luca groans, reaching for me. “I’ve been telling her that our family is fun –“ 
She laughs, pulling away and shaking her head. “You’re right, you’re right!” she says. “Call me Linda, Ariel – and please, yes, eat! Drink! Have fun! You’re partying with the Grant’s now, and Luca is right – we are a good time.” 
Over the next few hours, I learn that this is absolutely true. Luca’s family instantly makes everything easy, pulling me into the cozy, well-worn living room and sweeping me up in their conversation like I’ve been there a hundred times – like I’ve always been there, honestly. I mean, they ask me about my life as Princess, of course, but his family works hard to ensure that I am instantly comfortable in Luca’s home, immediately included in all of the jokes. As time slips by I don’t all feel the revered Princess – which I don’t like, anyway, if I’m being honest – but instead like Luca’s new girlfriend, accepted and loved. 
Or at least, I’m feeling quite accepted and loved by everyone in the room except Luca’s uncle, who stands in the corner nursing a beer and frowning, staring into space. He doesn’t make it clear that I’m the source of his dissatisfaction, but he doesn’t look at me.
And the way he scowls down at his drink and refuses any food – man, but anxiety twists in my gut. What possible reason have I given him to not like me?
###Chapter 0301
Chapter 0301
At Luca’s house, the company is really the thing that shines. His cousins and family are just so funny – they’re also a little bit mean to each other, in a teasing, familial way, but every insult is lined with love and is so damn funny that I’m laughing until my sides ache. 
And of course, my sides aching makes it difficult to get down all of the food that’s pressed in my hands. But considering how delicious it is, I definitely prevail in my quest to eat absolutely everything. God, I’m not sure I’ve ever eaten so much or so well. There’s plate after plate of pasta, and meat, and seafood – and then the sweets! Cookies, and little slices of coffee-soaked pastries, and gran’s coffee cake, served with coffee – which is a good addition, considering how many tiny glasses of clear liquor I’ve been passed and drank. I’ve never had it before, but it’s delicious, and tastes like licorice. 
“Ugh, how are you not fat,” I groan, leaning against Luca on the couch as one of his cousins takes what is probably my ninth plate away. Luca grins and slips an arm around my shoulders. 
“I know, it’s the greatest disappointment of Gran’s life that she can’t fatten me up,” he murmurs, smiling around the room at the family he so clearly loves, who shout and joke and play with each other. “If it were up to her I’d be like…a little beachball, unable to get up off this couch, just hers to keep and pet and love and feed, as she likes to do.” 
My eyes drift to the little fat dog that sits on the back of the couch behind Luca in what is clearly his habitual spot, his tongue lolling happily out of his mouth and his legs sticking out comfortably from his belly. “You mean like Valentino, over there?” I point at the adorable old pup and Luca bursts into laugher. 
“Yes,” he says, nodding and tightening his arm around me, “just like Valentino, her favorite son.” 
I smile up at Luca, buzzing with happiness, completely charmed by all of this. “I like your family,” I whisper. “They’re really great.”
“Your family now too,” he murmurs, dropping his head a bit to press a kiss to my mouth. “The girls are all really excited. They want me to leave you alone with them so they can have a good gossip with you – but I told them not tonight.” 
“I can do that tonight!” I say, sitting up, eager, and looking around. “I miss girlfriends. Where are they all? I’ll go now.” 
Luca just laughs and lifts his chin towards the clock on the wall. “Little late for that, Princess,” he says with a sigh. “It’s midnight.” 
“It is?” I gasp, my eyes going wide as I follow his gaze. I shake my head, awed, because I can’t believe it’s that late. And then I gasp again, spinning back to Luca. “Oh no, you should go to bed! Luca!” I put my hands on his chest, desperately sorry to have kept him up – he has a huge day tomorrow! He should already be asleep! 
“Don’t,” Luca whispers, smiling and shaking his head, bringing his face close enough that our noses nearly brush. “This was way better than sleep. I loved having you here, Ariel, it was so important to me.” He lifts a hand to brush his knuckles down the length of my cheek and I can’t help leaning forward to kiss him. I do my best to keep it chaste – I’m in his family’s house after all – but…well, it’s difficult, isn’t it? 
Luca – he’s just so amazing, and confident and handsome and sweet. I can’t get enough. 
He kisses me back for a long moment and then sighs as he breaks it, slipping his hand into mine. 
“I should go,” I whisper. 
“Want me to come back to the palace with you?” he asks quietly, a little hesitant – and as he asks I realize that part of Luca very much wants me to ask him to come back, even if it’s not what would be best for his fight tomorrow.
“No, sweetheart,” I say, shaking my head with a smile as I push back a little of the hair that’s fallen into his face. “You let your Gran tuck you in tonight. Tomorrow we’ll have more fun, after you win.” 
Luca bursts into a grin at my confidence, and then he nods, because he knows that I’m right. But as he stands, offering a hand to pull me up with him, I know in my heart that if I did ask him to come to the palace with me tonight…he would have done it. And I’m not really sure what to do with that level of power over the nation’s champion.
###Chapter 0302
Chapter 0302
We walk slowly to the front porch, murmuring our plans for tomorrow. His family lets me go with a few calls of goodbye, but without much fuss. I’m warmed by this – by the casual goodbye of family members who know they’ll see you soon, and so don’t need to make a big deal out of it. As we step onto the front porch though, Luca’s grandmother calls him back, saying something in swift Itablio. 
Luca sighs, hesitating but stepping away from me. “She wants you to take a slice of cake to Rafe - is that all right? I know it’s ridiculous, but –“ 
“Of course I will,” I say, laughing and pushing him towards her. “I’ll call Captain Conner – you get the cake.” Luca nods, smiling his dazzling smile at me, and then he steps back into the house with his Gran. I make a quick call to Conner, who let’s me know he’s just around the corner and will bring the car up. 
I sigh happily, looking down the dark street, but I jump slightly when a shadow detaches itself from the corner of the porch and steps forward towards me. “Did you enjoy yourself tonight, miss Ariel?” 
I press a hand to my heart, laughing a little at how skittish I am when I see that it’s just Luca’s uncle, who was out here enjoying a quiet cigarette. “Yes,” I say, nodding when I get some of my equanimity back. “Your family is lovely – thank you so much for making me feel so warm and welcome.” 
“You are very welcome here,” Bruce says, nodding evenly to me, and I can tell that he means it by the serious way he says it. “You’re family now, and I’m glad we’ve let you know that. Even if I didn’t think the party was a good idea.” 
My face falls a little. “You didn’t?” 
Bruce glances at me for a moment, perhaps takes in my crestfallen expression. “It’s nothing about you, miss – you’ve been nothing but a lady tonight, and I’m grateful for it. Some of the girls that boy
brought home,” he shakes his head contemplatively here, “…they were a mess. But you did very well. Still – I told him to hold off introducing you until after the fight – to just concentrate on what needed to be done. But he insisted.” Bruce shrugs, like Luca’s a problem he can’t quite solve and has resigned himself to that fate. “And his mother and his gran indulged him, like they always do.” 
“I’m sorry,” I say, shaking my head and feeling guilty – because as lovely as tonight was, perhaps Bruce is right. Luca should already be in bed, he should be thinking about the fight tomorrow, not me. It is a big deal to be boxing against the Atalaxian champion and…well. This party could have waited, couldn’t it? 
“I should have thought of that,” I murmur, dropping my head to look at the wood of the porch. 
“Well, perhaps you should have,” Bruce murmurs, and I raise my head to look at him, my eyebrows raised. Because I meant it – I should have thought of Luca’s responsibilities, should have encouraged him to delay the party. But…I didn’t really expect Bruce to agree with me. 
He looks at me evenly now, assessing me, his mouth pressed to a thin line. 
“Do you mind, miss?” he says quietly, seriously. “If I say something true to you, that you might not want to hear?” 
Anxious, but wanting to know, I nod. 
Bruce nods quickly and then looks away into the dark. “Luca is a talented boy – ambitious, hardworking, and he’s got a left hook like I’ve never seen. But his emotions run high – and he lets them. He’s got a temper, which I’m sure you’ve seen –“ 
He glances at me and I eagerly nod my confirmation, which makes him smirk fondly and shake his head.
“The temper’s just the start of it, though. He lets his emotions run him, sometimes, gets his damn heart into something and can’t quit it even when it’s not good for him. Or he quits something good because he got his feelings hurt. That’s why I say he’s been a damned fool with women – dates them all, loves some who treat him like crap, breaks up with others over the pettiest nonsense. But he lets it run him, lets it wreck him. He likes the intensity of it, I think – and that love for thrill and passion makes him a good boxer but…” he sighs, shaking his head, lost a bit in his thoughts. “It’s not always wonderful for his career.” 
I turn my head to the side, suddenly confused because… 
Is Luca’s uncle suggesting, right now, that him being mated to me is bad for Luca’s career!?
###Chapter 0303
Chapter 0303
I’m quiet for a moment, thinking of the ways that Bruce’s assessment of his nephew – who is so much more of a son to him – line up with my own experiences with my mate. It’s true that Luca is emotional, though I’m not sure I’d have thought of him that way before now. 
Luca’s willful, and bossy, and controlling – and he can be a little petty when things go his way, like when he didn’t talk to me after he found out, in the dream state, that I’m a girl. But I guess I never attributed all of that to Luca being hot-blooded, as it were. Of being someone who feels things so strongly that he has trouble controlling his intense reactions to them. 
I turn my head for a moment, a little lost in my thoughts, because…well, because I think I’ve been thinking lately that Jackson is the more emotional of my two mates, deep down. 
But secretly, is it Luca? Does he have an entire well of emotion that he likes to keep veiled under a thousand confident smiles and jokes? 
God, how did I miss that? 
“I hope we can rely on you,” Bruce says quietly, again drawing my attention back to him. “To…help Luca.” 
“Of course you can,” I say instantly, meaning it utterly as I link my hands earnestly behind my back. 
“Yes,” Bruce murmurs thoughtfully, studying me. “I can see that you’re a good girl, Ariel – and I mean that. You’re a nice young lady, you clearly care about my boy – you want to do right by him. And I appreciate and admire that for you. But…Luca has his own career, and his life, that I’m not sure lines up completely with yours.” 
My eyes go wide, because…what?
“Again, I don’t think it’s anything you’ve done,” he says, drifting his hand through the air between us in an ameliorating way. “I just…well, you’re a Princess, aren’t you? And you’ve got mixed up in this Academy, just as he has. I told him not to do that – not to go joining the military, but he liked the idea of being a hero, of serving his nation.” Bruce rolls his eyes a little here. “But he didn’t really care about Moon Valley - what he liked was the fact that the magazines called him a hero. He didn’t really –“ 
“I’m sorry,” I say, interrupting a little and starting to get frustrated because – well, because I’m kind of getting the impression that I’m being a little insulted, frankly. “What does this have to do with me being good for him?” 
“I’m sorry, you’re right - I’m tired,” Bruce says, sighing and dropping his head, collecting his thoughts. “What I mean to say is that…Luca has responsibilities.” He lifts his head now, meeting my eyes. “He bought this house for his grandmother and his mother, which was a good thing to do. He bought that gym, too, and he pays for all of those boys to train there – got them all off the street. He gives them a monthly stipend, too, so they can afford to not work – to just train.” 
I go quite still because…I did not know that Luca did that. 
Bruce nods, seeing my understanding now. “Luca’s made money, and he’s been successful, but his career has an end-date. He’s young and he’s strong now, but he’s not going to be forever. There’s always someone younger and stronger coming up the ranks. So Luca needs to win the prize fights while he can, and invest the money wisely so that he can continue to support the women who raised him, and continue to give back to his community. Which is why I don’t like him throwing a party for you the night before the biggest fight of his life.” 
I step back a little, feeling like I’ve been slapped. Because I didn’t ask for this party but…
###Chapter 0304
Chapter 0304
Well. I didn't think about it either, did 1? I set my jaw, offended and guilty all at once.
“I'm sorry,” Bruce says, shaking his head as he sees my expression. “It's just...I think it would be good for Luca, and helpful, if you really understood his situation, and his world. You need to help him make the right choices. He's a good boy — and I can see he loves you. But he's someone who lets his emotions run away with him. He needs a bit of guidance to make the right choices — and you can help with that.
“l will help him,” I say, steady, meaning it. “In whatever way I can.” ‘I hope we can count on you for that,” Bruce says, holding my gaze, giving me a steady nod.
Luca comes out of the house before I can respond, a plate of coffee cake wrapped in tinfoil in his hands, a big smile on his face. At the same moment, a car pulls around the corner, headlights flashing.
Luca smiles at his uncle, who nods and walks back to his comer of the porch, before coming to slip an arm around me, frowning at the car. "I was hoping for a moment for a quiet goodbye,” he says, sighing.
“That's okay,” I say, smiling up at my mate and standing on my toes as I take the plate from his hand, begging silently for a kiss. Luca grins and then obliges me, kissing me softly and pulling me close for a moment as Conner's car pulls to the front of the house.
“Thank you for coming,” he says. "This was amazing. Everything I wanted it to be.” “It really was,” I say, honestly meaning it and unable to help my smile. "But you will get some sleep, yes? And tomorrow I'll see you at the fight.”
“You'll be there?” he asks, a little desperate, almost as if he’s worried that I won't.
‘I promise say, laughingand ~~. grinning up at him. “I can't wait. It's going to be amazing. I'll be right in the Royal box — right up front: You won't be able to miss me’ “Content ~~
"Good," he says, tugging me close ane more time and planting a kiss on my forehead before starting to walk me to the car.
uce calls a goodnight after me,
nd I give hia little wave, but as ca gives me a final kiss goodnight d tucké me away in the car, I can't op my mind from wandering over ergtning Bruce said about Luca, ndhis life, and his responsibilities, id my role in it all. to FindNovel.Org
228252 oC
=
Because it really does make me wonder...am I the best thing for Luca right now? Can I really support his career? Or...is dating a Princess going to be a huge distraction for him?
I sigh, sinking back into the seat,
) ~ disturbed by {.all. I want, more than anything, for Luca to have the best. life he can = to have a wonderful career to support his family, to conte doing this work he never even ntold me about to help. Boys that ranst be so like he was when he was an angry teenager. to FindNovel.Org
But how do I do that?
"Did you have fun?” Conner asks, glancing over at me.
“ did,” I return, tucking my thoughts away and giving him a friendly smile. "It was an amazing night.”
"Did you bring me some cake?” he asks, raising an eyebrow and nodding to the plate in my lap.
"Oh no." I say quite seriously, "this cake is for Prince Rafe. Exclusively.”
Conner bursts into laughter, and I begin to tell the story of Luca's Gran and her Royal favorite, who is clearly not me.
And as we drive...I can't help but worry that the same might be true of Luca's uncle as well. 
###Chapter 0305
Chapter 0305
I got home a little too late to see anyone. I mean, Rafe was probably awake somewhere, but I didn't really feel like going to find him, so instead I simply cracked open the door to my parent's room and called softly inside to let them know that I was home — groggy affirmations greeted me from both, which made me smile. I left Rafe’s special cake on the coffee table with a little note of explanation, laughing a little, and then I went to bed.
I wake up late, and immediately looked for Daphne, but then I sigh when I remembered that mom moved her to her own bedroom last night. Scowling, I pull myself out of bed and dress casually for breakfast, wishing she was here so I could tell her what happened with Luca's uncle last night and get her perspective. Daphne’s really even-headed - she'd definitely give me good advice on how to handle this.
My stomach growls as I yawn and pull a hairbrush through my hair, so when I finally set out for breakfast I'm definitely eager to get there. But when I push open the door to the breakfast room
Instantly, I know that something's wrong. The room goes from hushed, angry whispers to absclute silence as heads turn and see me standing at the door.
"What," I say, freezing with my hand on the door, my eyes going wide. “What's wrong?”
Rafe, Ben, and Jesse sit at one end of the table, Daphne between them, all huddled over a copy of a magazine. Juniper lounges at the other end of the table, sighing like she’s so bored by all of it, and Markie freezes stock still at the sideboard, where he is loading up probably his third plate of bacon and eggs for breakfast, staring anxiously my way. Cora and Roger stand with him, but Cora just grimaces when I come in and Roger looks at me with a great deal of pity that makes me feel even worse — because if even Roger isn't teasing me!?
God, something really is wrong
Frantic, I move my gaze to my parents, who are sitting at the center of the table right in front of me. "Come in, Ariel,” my mom says on a heavy sigh, putting down her own copy of the same magazine that Rafe and my friends are looking at. When I glance around the table again, I see another copy at Markie’'s seat, and one more in front of Juniper.
“What?” I ask, worried. “What is it?”
“It's nothing, baby,” mom murmurs, standing up and starting to come around the table towards me as my dad stays stoically in his seat, his arms crossed, looking pissed as hell.
“It's obviouslyrot nothing,” I reply, my voice getting higher as I become more frantic. I look around the roof suddenly;realizing tha Jackson isn't here. (asp, and stumble backa step.starting to freak out. “Where is Jacks? Did he — he didn’t —Where — 
“Ari” Mom says, finally reaching me and taking mé.by the shoulders and looking mei the eye. “Jackson is fine, he'sgjuist late for breakfast, like you. Probably figuring out how te put afya pair of jeans — it's all-a very news wor d for him. Okay? .~ Just. come in, darling, close the door. We'll talk about it as a family.”
A huge sigh of relief rushes from my lungs at my mom's assurance that Jackson is fine, just late and struggling with fashion. Because she wouldn't lie to me — she wouldn't say that he was okay if she knew he wasn’t.
Still, something is happening, and with the whole way the room is looking at me right now, it's obviously got something to do with me.
"Mom?" I ask, my voice tight with worry as she guides me around the table to the seat next to her, where Cora brings me a cup of tea with milk and sugar. "What's — what's going on?
“Sweetheart,” my mom says, sitting down next to me, and taking both of my hands in hers. "Now, I don't want you to freak out —"
"Oh, just tell her, Ella,” Cora sighs, putting her hands on her hips and rolling her eyes as she stands straight. “You're making it all worse with all this coddling.”
“[ am not!” mom protests, her jaw falling open as she gapes up at her sister.
“You totally are! You —
Jesse comes {0 my rescue, standing and 0ssing &-￠copy of the magazine halfway down the length of the table so that ifsmacks right in front of me. It's upside down so I don'tcatch all the details, but my eyes gorwide when I see my own face ontone half ofthe cover, beaming. Cantent
"Someone spilled the beans, Ari,” Jesse says, crossing his arms and glaring at me — not at me, of course, but angry and looking me steadily in the eyes. "About you being mated to Luca.” 
###Chapter 0306
Chapter 0306
"What!?” I gasp, grabbing the magazine and lifting it up, reading the headline and realizing that the other half of the cover is, of course, a picture of Luca in his boxer's getup — which, essentially, just means sweaty and shirtless. And, of course, he looks stupidly good with his boxing gloves up by his face, his expression all tough and gritty and determined.
But I tear my eyes away from the picture of my handseme mate to read the headline splashed across both of us. "CONFIRMED: LUCA GRANT MATED TO PRINCESS ARIEL.
"Ohhh my god,” I murmur, my fingers tightening against the cover in my shock. Because, I mean, it's not a secret within our inner circles that Luca and I are mated — but this is not public knowledge, and certainly not something my parents would have wanted me to announce so openly and so early on in my relationship.
And, especially, since I have — you know — a second mate that's going to complicate all of this — this is not at all a good thing for me. But who did this?
I mean, I know that my family knows, and that Luca told his mom and his uncle, but to everyone else he introduced me to last night — he always said girlfriend, never mate. Because that’s incredibly personal, and considering who I am, and what my position is within this world...
God, spilling this to the press? It's a huge betrayal. My fingers hesitate, a little, as I begin to flick through the pages of the magazine, because I am suddenly quite terrified that I know who leaked this...
Someone who...who quite likes the attention of the press. And is incredibly proud to be mated to me. Someone who wants everyone to know that we're mated, especially since there’s another claim on my affections that he’s quite eager to dismiss.
And suddenly I can't. I can't read the article. I sigh, and press the magazine shut in my hands like that could keep my secret inside. I just...can’t get the confirmation, if it's there at all, that Luca did this. I don't know what I'll do if that turns out to be the truth. A little unsteady, I look up at my mother. “Mom?” I whisper, not really knowing what I'm asking, staring at her with all of my horror in my eyes.
"Oh, sweetie,” she says, her words sounding like her heart is breaking, and she reaches for me in an instant, wrapping me up in a hug and pulling me half off my chair, half onto hers.
"Did he do it?” I whisper, horrified, not wanting an answer. “The article is unclear, sugar,” she replies, her voice grave. "He.. he didn't deny it, when he was asked by the reporter. I sit up straight, surprised and confused, wanting to see her face. "But then, who..."
“It reads that ‘a source close to Luca Grant’ confirmed that you two are mates,” dad says, and mom leans back a little so that I can look into my father's stern face. He's not mad at me, obviously, but I can tell that he's keeping his temper on quite a tight leash.
‘And then Luca was interviewed at is gym early this morning,” Rafe adds from across the table. I look over to seedim standing, his hands in his pogkets, his face sorry for me. ext ta him, Ben and Daphne lock exactly'the same. Jesse just looks pissed as hell, and starts acrdss the room to pour himself a cup of coffee that he probably doesn't fieed, just wanting something to do. As he does, Markie slips back into his seat next to Juniper, watching everything with wide-eyed attention.
=
June looks at me with more empathy than I'd expect. But, then again, she is my sister. Maybe I don't give her more credit.
“Well,” I say with a sigh, reaching for the magazine again. "what does the interview say?”
“The interviewer blankly told him that she wasZold that he is mated to you, and asked if he would confirm. it,” Jesse says, his words clipped as he sloshes creamer into his coffee bef Ore urning to me, his cup fight in hishands. “Apparently Lucablushed and was very charmingly evasive,
but he smiled and didn't deny it” 
"Which we all know is tantamount to confirmation,” Rafe says, his voice dry and disappointed.
I groan a little, looking down at the magazine in my hands, devastated by this betrayal. I start to flick N through the pages now, noting the. pictures.that they captured — > pictures of Luca and me holding hands at the train station. Lica and rug leaving his gym yesterday. Luca and me kissing on his fréht porch last night. FindNovel.Org
I gasp at this last one — because while paparazzi might easily have caught the other two — this ane? It's just too intimate — like the photographer knew just where to stand to get this shot.
Like someone tipped them off, 
###Chapter 0307
Chapter 0307
"Ariel, darling,” mom says, reaching out to tuck a strand of my hair behind my ear. “Tell me, sweetheart, how are you feeling about this?
I look up at my mem, trying to sort through my feelings. trying to figure it out. Because on one hand...I mean, he is my mate — it's just the truth, and it was going to come out sometime. And why should Luca have to deny who his mate is, or hide it, when the press asked him? If it were any other mating bond, just between two people, I'm not sure it would be as big of a deal
ut...I mean, that's not our situation at all, is it?
Passively, I look down at the article, reading enough to gather that it is a laudatory piece. The press is, apparently, thrilled that I'm mated to Luca Grant — it marks us officially as the cutest new couple in the celebrity world and suggests that everyone's rooting for our future. Especially today, with Luca in the spotlight and so much at stake, everyone is thrilled to have the Princess at his side while he fights for our national pride against the enemy.
But...even if it's good. ..it's not what I wanted. Not right now anyway.
would have liked to be asked,” I say quietly, raising my eyes to look up into my mom's eyes and then around the table at my sympathetic family. “It's not a small thing to tell the world that someone’s your mate, especially when you're already someone in the public eye. I should have been asked. I should have had...some control over it, at least been part of the interview.”
Rafe and Jesse stand coldly, still pissed and not even willing to be as fair as I'm trying to be in this moment. But Ben nods warmly towards me, and Daphne presses her mouth into a commiserating line, her expression letting me know that she understands and feels for me.
I look to the other side of the table, where Markie looks worried and Juniper stares at me evenly, like this is nothing I can’t handle. Uncle Roger gathers Cora to his side and looks at me with sympathy, like he understands how important a mating bond is, and how intrinsic honesty is between those who share it.
And as I look around at my family and friends, all so eager to support me in my own way, I feel so incredibly bolstered. Like I can certainly handle this as Junie's expression suggests — like it's really not the end of the world, even if it felt that way a minute ago.
I'm even almost smiling as I turn back to my mom
‘I agree completely, baby.” mom murmurs, again wrapping me in a hug as I turn my attention back to her and dad.
‘It's a betrayal,’ dad says, meeting my eyes ove'my mom's shoulder and givin rie a steady nod. "We're. _ not going to stand for it, Ariel. Yous deserve-better than this. You're> absolte y right — you should have had a say in whether or not this article came out today. It's unacceptable that you did not.” 
I press my eyes shut, taking a deep breath and letting my mom hug me tighter. Because I hate that Luca's in hot water with my family now — he's my mate, and obviously I want everyone to get along.
But, well...if he did this?
Doesn't he deserve it?
As I tuck my head down against my mom's neck soaking in her comfort ~ N as she strokes my back and I try to? figure out how I feel, I hear the = breakfast room door creak open. The
But my jaw drops. Because...I mean, I knew who it was going to be — or at least had a really good idea — and I know that a hard conversation is coming.
But I had no idea Jackson was going to look like that. 
###Chapter 0308
Chapter 0308
He's standing there holding the breakfast room door open with one broad hand, frowning around at all of us, looking like a god damn model Somehow, he got his hands on a really nice pair of jeans, and a blue button-down shirt that looks like it was made for him, rolled up to his elbows. His lock is all very simple, which suits him, but it's very clearly expensive and tailored. And it suits his body completely, making him lock...honestly, almost a little unreal, unnaturally perfect,
But the real coup is his hair. Jackson has always had a longish, shaggy mess of hair that really worked for his brutal, controlled-ferocity sort of vibe. But some genius has transformed that into a style, cropping Jackson's hair closer on the sides and trimming the ends so that theyre more even. Now his hair falls into his face in a soft curtain of silky brown, and he just looks
God, he looks like I want to jump him right now.
But if Jackson notices the effect his new appearance has on me, he doesn't let me see it, instead quickly surveying the room and realizing that something is wrong.
When his eyes fall on me, and he sees the trace of devastation left on my face, and puts together that scmething happened to me? His response is immediate.
"What is it.” he growls, slamming the door shut and striding into the room so that he stands across the table from me, leaning far across the wood to lock his eyes with me, smacking his hand down against the surface. “Who did this to you? Are you all right? What happened?”
Jackson absalutely ignores everyone else in the room and a swell of joy and pride rises in me, pride for my big scary Alpha mate who is ready to tear the world apart because something made me sad
“I'm okay,” I say, putting a hand out on the table like he’s doing. not reaching for him but wanting to be closer. “I promise, Jacks, I'm okay."
Incrementally Jackson relaxes, standing taller and starting to look around the room. I do the same, a little entertained by the shock on almost everyone's faces. But some people aren't shocked, or don't show it. My eyes move first to Rafe, Jesse, and my dad, who look stern and pleased, like this is precisely the reaction they were expecting from him.
And then to my mom, who I see is bursting with pride for Jackson as well, not at all startled by a huge man storming around and slamming his hand on tables, demanding answers. That's just a normal Tuesday morning for her, after all.
And then to Cora who is...perhaps a little toc appreciative of Jackson's glow-up to be shocked by anything else.
"Will someone please tell me what's. going on? Jackson asks, his voice tense as he clearly works to balance his desire to intercede and make it all better with his need to be polite. 
I sigh and untangle myself from my mom, standing and rolling ene of the magazines up so Jackson can't see the cover — not just yet. "Come cn, Jacks,” I say, moving around the table towards him and gesturing towards the door. "Let's go somewhere quiet - I'll explain.” "Wait no, don't go!” Jesse gasps. “I want to see this!”
Juniper bursts into laughter at Jesse, who she always finds much funnier than any of her actual siblings.
“This is not for your entertainment, Jess,” Rafe snaps under his breath, turning to glare at our cousin.
Jesse slumps down into his chair, frowning up at Rafe. "Everything is for my entertainment.”
I ignore them as I reach Jackson, . NN .
looping my hand around his elbow and looking-Up i nto his gorgeous face for g long moment, willing him to relax;-to see that I'm al right and that this is manageable. Feeling thesé emotions down ou bend, Jackson sighs and his sheulders oosen. Conten belongs to FindNovel.Org
~
take a moment to glance to my parents. My dad looks at me sternly but nods, just a tiny movement, to .. et me krow that he trusts me to RN handle this with my mate. And my momjst beams at the two oft us, her-hands clasped delightedly beneath her chin. I can't help smiling at her — mom, she’s just so pure. 
"Come on,” I say softly to Jackson, tugging on his arm. "Let's go somewhere and have a chat.” 
###Chapter 0309
Chapter 0309
He nods to me, and we duck out of the room.
I take Jackson down a few doors to dad's study. Not his office, where he does all of his big work — but a peaceful room where he goes to relax and think, or to have little intimate chats with his closest advisors, or mom, or Rafe, or me. Or Markie and June now, I suppose, now that theyre all grown up too.
I can't help but smile when Jackson walks into the room like he owns it, like he's been there a thousand times. It's not that he's being conceited - Jackson just doesn't care to look around and admire the furnishings or dad’s books. He only cares about me — this room could be filled with rubbish, for all he would notice. Jackson moves instantly to the window seat, sitting and opening his arms, a clear invitation for me to come close.
I press the door shut and go to him, exhaling in relief when he pulls me to his chest and then up inte his lap, helping me to curl comfortably against him in the circle of his arms. When I'm nestled in tight, his voice rumbles out, deep and reassuring. “Tell me.
And so I do. I hold up the magazine so that he can see it, telling him all of the details of what it contains — about someone spilling about how Luca and I are mated, and the press running with it, and printing all sorts of images that confirm it. Jackson listens closely, letting me talk, only glaring a little bit at the picture of me kissing Luca. I have to fight my smile when I see him do that, and I quickly turn the page to get away from it.
When it's all finished, Jackson nods quietly, thinking it through. “So, do you think Luca did it? Told the press?” “[ don’t know,” I murmur, leaning into Jackson's warmth. “Itisn’t...something I think is beyond him.”
"What do you mean?” Jackson asks, confused and a little horrified. And as I look up at him, I realize it's because he'd never do something like this — it wouldn't even enter his head. So he doesn't get the motive — not at all.
“Luca...likes being a celebrity, Jacks,” I say quietly, staring up into his face. "And that's not a bad thing — Jesse likes it too, and Rafe and I don’t mind it. But Luca actively cultivates it — he's talked to the press about his romantic relationships before. And considering how positive this article is...Luca telling the press this big news the day of his big fight? It... can see how it would be tempting. The ratings for the fight will probably go sky high.”
“But he knew it would upset you,” Jackson says, frowning. I stare up at him, and put a hand out flat on his chest, wanting to be close when I clarify things for him. "Jacks, Luca knew it would upset you.
“What?” he breathes, screwing up his face in confusion
“Think about it; I say, sitting up a little straighter, wanting to ensure that he understands. If Luca did this, therrhe knows that I'm going to be mag-at it — but he knows that.I'll events y forgive him. This isn't the sort of thing I'd leave him ayer — not ifthe long run, not with <= how..important he is to me.” 
Jackson's face goes a little dark when he hears me say that, but he doesn’t say anything, listening closely.
“But Jacks? continue, lifting a hand to cup his'cheek, "in doing this, Luga also basically made it impossikle for yout to claim me publicly as your mate.” ta. FindNovel.Org ig
Jackson's expression doesn’t change — he still just frowns in confusion.
“Whoever did this made it so that the two of us — ge ie and you, Jacks? We can’t be seer in public together ._ romantigally — you can't hold my > hand, QFKiss me, or pick me up; of give any indication that we're— ronaantical y involved. At all-Not where anyone with a camera could catch us.” FindNovel.Org
"What!?” Jackson breathes, his eyes going wide as the gravity of the whole situation sets in. 
###Chapter 0310
Chapter 0310
“I'm a public figure too,” I explain to Jackson, incredibly sorry, “and... my reputation, unfortunately, matters. If Luca has confirmed to the entire nation that I'm his mate, and then I'm stepping out with this super hot Alpha, kissing him in the streets? The press is going to tear me to pieces — call me unfaithful, say that I've betrayed Luca. No one will believe me that I have two mates — everyone will say that I'm a liar. And...I mean, as a political figure...l can't be seen as a liar.”
"Oh," Jackson says, his eyes unfocusing as he looks away from me and starts to process this. “So...he claimed you first. So that I couldn't.”
“If he did it,” I say softly, needing that to be stated. Because, well, while it doesn't look precisely good for Luca right now...I'm not willing to damn him without confronting him first and getting the truth from his own lips.
Still, Luca isn't my priority in this moment.
"How are you feeling about this,” I murmur, softly running my fingers through Jackson's newly cropped hair, loving the way that it feels against my skin. I feel so much calmer than I did even half an hour ago — and it's not only that I got a chance to process everything, but also because Jackson is here, holding me, being steady and warm as he always is.
He turns his head to me, frowning consideringly. "How do you want me to feel about it?” I scoff and smack him lightly on the shoulder. “I want you to feel how you feel!”
Jackson laughs a little, his pretty blue eyes crinkling. “Okay, I just...I mean, I want to support you, Ariel. And I think that if he did this then it was an absolutely horrible thing to do — that you should be livid. You're right — it's not up to one person in a pair to make unilateral decisions regarding these kinds of announcements. He took that from you.”
I ned, grateful for his support, but I smack him again. “You're dodging the question.” He laughs at me, smiling, and I can’t help but grin back. "How do vou feel, Jacks?”
“Don't be mad at me,” he murmurs, leaning forward and gently pressing his forehead to mine. “But Ariel... for me? 1...1 don't really care.”
"What!?” I squeak, and Jackson grins, pulling me tighter, liking that sound. And I lift my arms, wrapping them around his neck as I shake my head at him. “Jackson, this was a blow to you! He took a shot, he made a move to actively counter your claim on me! That's bullshit!”
"He took a shot,” Jackson murmurs, “but it didn't land, Ariel. I just...I'm not wounded by this. It's not something that's important to me.”
"Please explain,” I sigh, leaning back a little and letting my fingers lace together behind his neck. “I don't get it. How does this not piss you off?”
Jackson takes a deep breath, thinking for afimoment before he speaks, trying to put words to his. emotions, which I know is N sometimes foreign to him. “If Luca did this, then he did it at least... partially to piss me off, thinking that l'ebget jealous. But I'm justnot jealous of this sort of thing.”
He shifts his eyes back to me, looking a little worried that he won't express himself clearly. I nod to him, encouraging.
‘I have a very visceral reaction, Ariel,” he murmurs, “when I see Luca touch you. That's difficult for me. And I did...” he growls a little, the sound rumbling in his chest, and I can’t help but smile, “I did not like that picture of you and him on the porch, in the magazine.”
I bite my lip, a little pleased, but he moves on.
"But this more...abstract jealousy? Where like, he has a claim on you, and it matterg because other people know aboutit? And that's supposed to botherthe?” Jackson shakes his head, clearly indicating that he Ny
thi kets nonsense. ‘I don't think that’s a natural response, Artel = think that's a very culturakthing — having to like, announce To the world that this woman is your woman, and getting all pissed off when someone else looks at her the wrong way.” 
I look at him curiously, needing more.
Jackson sighs a little, wanting to be clear. "I don'tZcare if anyone else knows that'm your mate, Ariel. Don't take that the wrong way — bit what other people think and feeb.” aboutour relationship? It doesn't matter to me — the only thing that rhatters is you being herezin my arms, where you belong.” “Content 
He says this last bit with an edge of a growl on his words and I grin at this, pleased
‘I didn’t grow up here,” Jackson continues, looking at me steadily. "I didn't. .learn how to be jealous like that — how to get mad and possessive because some other guy announces to the nation that you're his girl, when I know you're mine. I think it's kind of...dumb. 
###Chapter 0311
Chapter 0311
I ned, getting it now, unlacing my fingers from behind his neck and starting to run them again through his hair, liking Jackson more now than I have before, which is...saying something. He's right, though — he doesn't have some of the more annoying and disgusting habits of our culture's masculinity. He just never learned them
“I don’t want you to think that I'm dismissing this,” Jackson murmurs, lifting a hand to softly stroke my cheek. “I respect that you're a public figure — and I'm proud of you for that. I think you take it seriously, and I...1 like that. So, if this hurts you, and you're mad about it, then I'm mad about it. But. if you're worried that I'm wounded by this?”
Jackson just shrugs, like bullshit like this can’t even touch him. And I grin, and pull him closer, and press a simple kiss to his mouth. “You're amazing, Jacks,” I say, shaking my head in awe a little. "You're so lovely.
"Do you want me to be madder about this?” he asks, genuine and earnest. “Because I can be angrier, if that's what you want.” And then he forces his face into more rigid lines, growling again, and I laugh as I feel the rumble of it in his chest. “This stupid...magazine!" he grumbles, taking it from my hands and tossing it to the floor, clearly trying to figure out how to perform an appropriate level of rage for my sake. “I'll...beat up that reporter! I'l... punch Luca!"
I burst into laughter now, taking his cheeks between my hands and shaking my head, urging him to stop.
Jackson laughs too and then shrugs. "Actually, I won't punch Luca,” he murmurs, smiling down at me. "Because...I mean, I really want him to win tonight, and I'm really strong and would seriously mess him up. So. If you want me to punch him, I'll have to save it for tomorrow.”
“Don't punch him,” I murmur, sighing happily. absolutely adoring my big tough Alpha. “But thank you for offering, baby, it's very sweet.” A little shiver passes through Jackson when I call him baby, and he looks away from me, I think hoping I didn’t notice. But I did, and I grin.
“Baby,” I murmur, turning his face back to me, and he groans and brings his mouth to mine, kissing me swiftly and burying a hand in my hair, absolutely sweeping me away.
We both sigh in disappointment when the door opens.
"Oh, gross,” Jesse says, and I turn to see him standing stoop-shouldered in the doorway, a pastry in each hand. “Rafe, my best friend is kissing my cousin! And it's gross.”
"Oh, shut up. Jesse," Rafe says, shoving him into the room and closing the door behind them. “It's not like I haven't had to watch you make out with people like, a million times.
“Yes, but this time it's Ariel, and I am the one having to do the seeing, and it's very terrible, Rafe, honestly — I might need a nap — I have to recover from this shock —
ait,” Rafe says, frowning at Jesse and processing what he said before — which sometimes takes a moment. Jesse talks a lot, and he says it all fast. "Aren't I your best friend?
‘Oh, no, that's Jackson now,” Jesse says, his facerfalling into mock apologetic lives as he points over at my mate:Rafe’ s jaw drops open in pretend shock as he presses a hand to histheart, making me laugh. &Yes, we came to new terms on a cliff outside the Academy the night Ariel told everyone she has two mates. It was a very traumatic experience, but very bonding.” FindNovel.Org
“All right, all right,” Jackson sighs, releasing mefrom his arms and putting his hands up like he gives in and just wants it all to end. I laugh” and mave over slightly, sitting pext to hiri'in the window seat instead of in-his lap. “What's going ons afiyway?’ FindNovel.Org
"We come bearing breakfast,” Jesse says with a broad grin, moving forward and handing Jackson and I each a pastry.
"And also, a ride.” Rafe adds, crossing his arms over his chest and tilting his head back towards the door. “Car's waiting outside to take us to Luca's house. Time to go give him a piece of our collective mind.”
I beam at my brother and my cousin, thrilled that tiiey knew that this is precisely what I'd want to do next, N and that put this in order so that I.- didn’t have to bother with the details. takes bite of my pastry and jump tomy feet. "Great!" I say, wiping crimbs from my lips. “Let's go! I want to get to the bottorn of this.” 
Rafe nods to me and then turns his eyes to Jackson. “You coming, McClintock?” I look back eagerly at Jackson, but my face falls when I see him hesitate. “Well...” Jackson says, a little awkward, running a hand through his hair.
“You're kidding me, right!?” Jesse sputters out. 
###Chapter 0312
Chapter 0312
"Ch, come on,” Jackson says, keeping his spot on the window seat and spreading out his hands, the seriousness of his gesture ruined a bit by the fact that he's holding a raspberry pastry. "Do any of you honestly think that my presence at the Grant family home is going to help anything today?”
“It's going to help Ariel,” Jesse says, eyebrows raised, pointing at me. My own eyebrows go up because...I mean, is it?
“Ariel can handle herself,” Jackson sighs, rolling his eyes a little bit and dropping his hands to his knees. I mean, I get being over-protective in the Academy where people are trying to beat the shit out of her —*
“You included,” Jesse says, crossing his arms and glaring at my mate.
Jackson just returns his glare and keeps going. “But, Ariel is smart and capable — she doesn't need her big brute mate coming along when she’s got her big brute brother and big brute cousin at her side. Besides, you know my being there is just going to set Luca off. It's not worth it.
I beam a little at my mate, because even if he is declining to come and defend my honor, he's doing it because he thinks that I'm perfectly capable of defending myself. And there's something really nice in that — in Jackson's utter faith in me.
I send a grateful, warm little pulse down our bond, letting him know that I love that he sees me that way, and Jackson turns to give me a little wink before returning his gaze to Rafe and Jesse.
“Nah, I think he's right,” Rafe says, turning to Jesse. "Jackson's great backup, and he's on Ari's side, but in this case...it might be toc much backup Showing up to a knife fight with a rocket launcher. We want to keep this quiet, even if we do want to get to the bottom of it. Ariel's two mates getting into a brawl before Luca's fight isn't going to help anyone.”
Jesse scowls but puts his hands up, willing to be outvated. But then he turns his head to Jacks. “So, what are you going to do all morning, then?” ‘[ don't know,” Jacks says, giving a shrug, looking between the three of us. “Ella said something about...shoes. "Shoes?" I ask, bursting into a grin, dead pleased.
“Yeah.” he says with a confused frown, even though he doesn’t seem bothered by it. Then he looks down at himself and gestures casually with his hand towards his new clothes. "She did all of...this.. yesterday.”
"Ohhhh." Jesse says, grinning now as Jackson looks back up at us. "So that's where the glow-up came from — Auntie Ells.” "What's a glow up?” Jackson asks, frowning.
I can't help my laughter as I grin at my mate. “Wait, so...mom took you shopping?
“She brought the shopping here,” he says, frowning a little at the
nemory. “She.came and got me
om my roar, and then there were Il these people, and all these ~ clothes, ind someone cut my hair? and th§n I had to try on everything — took hours. And by the endof it your mom filled the whole room attached to my room with clothes. And she told me they're all mine, and I can wear whatever I want. And that today we're doing...shoes.” He shrugs, his eyes a little unfocused, like he’s remembering a fever dream. FindNovel.Org
-—
jak]
Which, considering mom's shopping methods...is probably a pretty accurate description
"Wait," Rafe says, fighting a grin as he steps forward towards Jacks. "What do you mean, a room attached to your room?” “I don’t know how to be clearer than that,” Jackson says, frowning at Rafe.
“Like, the room next door to your room?” Rafe asks
“No.” Jackson says, shaking his head slowly and looking between us. “You can only get to it from my room.”
“I think he means a closet,” Jesse whispers, grinning with delight.
“No, it's a room — a whole room, with a door," Jackson says, holding his arms out tohis sides to demonstrate how big it is. “And it’ Ss just fi led with clothes. A closet-> is. small. This one's big — like you could put a bed in there.” He frowns asgund at us, dropping his-arms while we all do our very Best not to laugh. FindNovel.Org
“Yeah, that's your closet, Jacks.” I say, taking another bite of my pastry and smiling at him. “It's called a walk-in. And it's your fault for letting mom have free reign over it — she'll never stop now.”
"So, all those clothes. . are for me?” He stares around at us like that can't possibly be true. “That's just the winter line, Jacks,” Rafe says, coming forward and patting him on the shoulder. "Wait till you see what she brings in for the spring.”
Jackson stares at my brother like he has absolutely no idea what that means, and he's a little scared of it. “Wait so,” he whispers, shifting his eyes to me. "How many.. shoes do I get?”
Instead of answering — because I know the trus-answer will freak him out - I just laugh and swoop down te give him@ quick kiss on the cheek’ He resgonds instantly, almost autarviatically, raising a hand that brushes quickly down the length of Hy side, a caress and a farewell. 
###Chapter 0313
Chapter 0313
"Have fun with mom,” I say, straightening up. “She's nice to you, right?
"She's so nice to me.” He replies, eyes wide, like he cant believe how nice mom is to him. But we all know her, and so we just smile again, pleased to see him feeling cozy and cared for.
"Ckay, we'll be back as soon as we can,” Rafe says, turning towards the door. "And then we'll try to come rescue you before mom picks out your 80(th) pair of shoes.”
“That's impossible...” Jackson murmurs with a frown, standing to follow us out the door and go find mom. “80 pairs of shoes...nc one has that many.” "So, you haven't shown him your closet yet?” Jesse asks, grinning at me.
‘l am a lady, Jesse,” I say, waving goodbye to Jacks as he turns back towards the breakfast room, "Jackson has seen no part of my room, let alone my closet. A princess must keep her secrets.
"Ch, yeah right.” Jesse laughs, striding forward with me and Rafe towards the front of the palace, where the car they've arranged is waiting. “You have simply lacked the opportunity.”
“Yeah well,” I murmur, pitching my voice low so Rafe doesn’t hear me as well. “If I did get him in my room, I wouldn't be showing him my shoes.”
Jesse bursts into laugher but then turns it into a gag, pretending to be horrified and disgusted at the idea, which just makes me laugh more. Rafe gives us a little glare as we reach the car, wondering what's going on, but we just wave him off and he shrugs, deciding that he’s better off not knowing.
When we all climb into the car, though, things turn a little bit more serious as we all mutually turn our minds back to the problem at hand. I'm a little bit grateful, if I'm being honest, for the distraction that a bit of laughter brought me — it's been kind of an intense morning. But now that we're driving the short distance to Luca's house, I set my mind on what's really important: getting to the bottom of who released this information, and what the consequences should be.
Because if it really was Luca — I mean, I'm going to be devastated. But how, honestly, should I react? Should I...break up with him? Refuse to go to the fight? But no, even if I'll be horribly hurt, both of those options seem just... way too extreme
My wolf turns anxiously inside me at the idea of breaking up with Luca, about what that would do to our heart. But what, really, would my option be? Because...even if he's my mate, I couldn't let him walk all over me like that.
But did he even do it? And if he didn't, who did?
I'm still puzzling over it — and by their quiet, Jgsse and Rafe are too — when we alt up to Luca's house. -_ Rafe curges under his breath when he sees-that there are a couple of press\ans spread out along t the street, clearly covering Lucas aetivities before his big match tonight. Content be ongs to FindNovel.Org
And, perhaps, locking out for a royal sighting.
Which were absolutely about to give them
"All right,” Jesse says on a sigh, looking between Rafe and me. “Nothing we haven't done before. Just — into the house as fast as possible, right?” "What, are we just going to barge in without knocking?” Rafe asks, his face clearly letting us know that this isn't a great idea.
But I see Luca's mom at the door peering out at it, looking closely at the black town car with tinted windows that’s stopped outside her front door, and then I see her turn to call to someone inside.
“It's not going to be a problem,” I say, reaching over Rafe to open his door and giving him a hearty push, urging him to get out. "Go — now. Let's get inside.”
Rafe follows my lead, getting out of the car and putting out a hand to help me, which I take. Then, together — Jesse a few steps behind — we stride towards the house.
By the time we get to the front steps, shouts from the press vans let us know that we've been spotted. They shout our names, trying to get us to turn so they can get a shot. We quicken our pace.
But before we can get to the door and slip inside, Luca’s already pushing through it, his face desperate.
"Ariel" he shouts, already shaking his head d;reaching for me. Before can stop him, he crosses the porch to metaking my face in his hands, staritig down into my eyes. ‘Ariel — I aneso sorry — I did not do this —* Cdntent 
“Not the time or the place, Grant,” Rafe growls, @sing the bulk of his body to blosk us from the sight of -_ the p esgbehind us, which are N currenthy running towards the house to see-f they can get a shot ofc our encounter. Jesse strides forward, clasping a hand on Luca's=shoulder to get his attention. to FindNovel.Org
Unwilling, Luca drags his eyes from my shocked face to look at Jesse. “Inside.” Jesse growls, fierce, giving him a hard shove. “Unless you're trying to get more publicity out of my cousin?”
Luca blushes a deep, ashamed red and steps away from me. 
###Chapter 0314
Chapter 0314
I watch Luca's face change as he realizes that he's causing a scene, and that this does indeed look like a press setup. Luca coming running out of the house to clasp my face in his hands, when he could have easily just let us come inside?
Yeah, it really does look to everyone here - the press included, probably - like he deliberately came outside so that the press could get a shot of us on the front porch.
But no one else can feel Luca's emotions like I do right now - he's devastated, completely out of control of how he's feeling. Which, I mean, really could affect his choices, right?
"I'm sorry," Luca mutters, his eyes back on me now as he drops my face and stumbles back towards his screen door, yanking it open. "Please - yes, come inside _"
We do, and I duck my head, staying close to Rafe's side, hoping that the paparazzi didn't get anything that they could use. I mean, it's not like anything bad happened - but if pictures of me on Luca's porch this morning come out with Rafe and Jesse by my side? Who knows where social media is going to take it.
The speculations, I'm sure, are already wild.
Jesse closes the door behind him and shakes his head at Luca, clearly pissed off. "What the hell was that all about?" he asks, gesturing towards the press.
"They've been here all day!" Luca explains, shooting out a hand, I think desperate to be believed. I watch him closely, and honestly I don't think that he's acting - not at all. He seems to me to be really upset. I take a step towards him, wanting to comfort my mate, but Rafe reaches out to touch my arm just slightly - asking me, silently, to hold back for a minute.
I hesitate, but do as Rafe asks, letting my brother take charge. "You're not an idiot, Luca," Rafe says, his voice low, his eyes narrowed. "You're a celebrity - you know how press works. You know not to go running out on the front porch unless you want them to see it. So, what the hell was that? What the hell is all of this?"
Rafe crosses his arms, getting angrier at Luca as the moments pass.
I look between my brother and my mate, thinking again that this whole thing doesn't look great for Luca.
And my heart sinks because...I mean, honestly, I think this whole time I didn't really believe that he broke the story. But...did he? "Come on," a voice rings out from behind Luca, and I peer around him a bit to see his mom standing there, her face very serious, her arms crossed over her chest. "They can still see you," she says, lifting her chin to where press are gathered around the porch, aiming their cameras through the large window in the front door. I mean, I doubt they're getting anything they can use, but Linda is right - they can see us.
"Why don't you all come into the living room, where there's a bit more privacy?" Linda gestures towards the room before walking into it, clearly suggesting we follow.
Luca sighs, shaking his head and gritting his teeth, realizing that he's doing this all wrong. But then he turns, gesturing to where his mother is waiting. "Yes, of course, please come inside," he says, falling back on the manners which I'm sure his mom drilled into him as a child.
Rafe and Jesse glance at each other but then move, following Linda into the living room. I go last, glancing at the window and all the hungry press outside, wondering how the hell we're going to get out of here.
Inside the living room I see Luca murmuring his introductions between the Crown Prince, the Duke, and his mom, but the whole time his eyes are searching for me. I just cross my arms and wait for him to finish, my face not giving anything away.
Linda smiles politely at Rafe and Jesse, shaking their hands, before sighing and recrossing her arms. "Well, I'm not going to insult you by pretending that I don't know why you're here, and why you're upset." She gives Luca a little glare that makes my stomach drop - because, I mean, if his own mom is mad at him...
"We didn't mean to disturb you, ma'am," Rafe says, nodding apologetically. "But -"
"No, you're very welcome here," she says, holding up a hand to stop him as she turns away. "I'll let you talk and will bring you some iced tea." With that she leaves the room, leaving the three of us to turn back to Luca.
"I didn't do it," Luca says immediately, holding out his hands towards us.
My heart instantly lightens and I grit my teeth, wanting so terribly badly to believe him.
"I promise," he says, locking eyes with me now and shaking his head slowly back and forth. "Ariel, I didn't know that the story got leaked - I swear it, I didn't tell anyone, and I was completely shocked this morning when the reporter asked me if you were my mate - "
###Chapter 0315
Chapter 0315
"You were shocked?" Jesse asks, stepping forward, wanting more details.
"Yes!" Luca says, almost shouting in his need to be believed. "She was asking me about the match, and life at the Academy, and then she just dropped the question about my mate in there casual as hell! I think she knew I was going to be shocked - wanted to surprise me! And if you read the way it's written in the article - that I blushed, and stumbled over my words - that was all me having no idea that this was coming!"
Rafe and Jesse just glare, not buying it not yet.
"Do you think I don't know how much this fucks things up for her!?" Luca says, gesturing towards me now and then looking into my face, ignoring my brother and my cousin now, knowing that this is - deep down - about us. "Ariel," he says, stepping forward, though Rafe puts out a hand to stop him from getting to me knowing that my judgment is compromised by physical touch with my mates.
Luca glares at Rafe for a second but then gives in, dropping his hand and looking at me again. "Ariel, I would never do that to you," he says, pressing his hands to his heart and willing me to believe him. "I know that this is not my story alone - that you have a right to hold your secrets, and that you live a very private life on purpose! You have to believe me."
And as Luca stares at me with his big brown eyes, passing all his love and carnestness and truth down the bond to me - I believe him. I do, instantly. There's just...no room for deception here - he's too raw, too open.
"Okay," I say, my voice breaking a little as I step forward, reaching for him. Rafe drops his hand and Luca groans aloud as I dart to him, wrapping my arms around his waist as he gathers me close. "Okay, Luca," I whisper. "I believe you."
Jesse sighs, believing my belief in Luca, but still not finished here. "Why didn't you deny it, Luca?" he snaps, still mad. "That would have fixed a lot -"
"You can't lie to the press, Jesse," Luca says, frowning at him. I loosen my arms around him a little so that I can look to see Jesse's expression, but I don't let Luca go. "The best you can say is no comment, but you can't lie - if it ever comes out one day that Ariel is my mate then they have me on record as a liar, and you can't get away from that "
"Well then why didn't you say no comment?" Rafe asks, folding his arms and still frowning at my mate, I think pleased to know that our friend didn't betray us but still unhappy with the whole situation.
"I basically did!" Luca says, his voice raising again in self-defense. "I just said a lot of noncommittal things about how Ariel's a lovely girl and how my love life is private - I thought that was all better than a cheeky, blushy 'no comment,' which just sounds staged!"
"It makes sense, Rafe," I say softly, wanting to come to my mate's defense. Because if he didn't do this, then he's on our side and doesn't deserve to be interrogated anymore. But if he didn't do it...
I see the same question forming on Rafe's tongue, but before he can ask it, there's a soft cry from the kitchen and then the door bursts open, a blur of grey and blue dashing through it.
"Principe!"
The tiny figure dashes immediately for Rafe, shouting his name in desperate tones, sounding almost as if she's crying. And then suddenly Luca's Gran has her arms around Rafe's waist, squeezing him tight as she shouts his name and his title over and over, her eyes pressed shut with little tears at the corners.
Rafe stumbles back, a little shocked, and Luca groans, reaching for her, but I hold him back, letting her have her hug. Jesse grins, a little delighted, and Rafe glances around at us for a second before lowering his arms and patting Gran warmly on the back.
"Principe Rafe!" Gran cries, clearly having the best moment of her life. "Mio preferito!"
I have a very, very hard time keeping the smile from my face as I watch her meet her idol.
But my smile falls immediately as Luca's mom comes back into the room with a tray of iced tea, followed closely by his uncle. And Luca's uncle looks stern as hell, and ready for battle.
Which can only mean...one thing.
###Chapter 0316
Chapter 0316
Rafe immediately goes into Prince-mode, continuing to pat Gran on the back while looking up at Luca and quietly mouthing "who is this?"
Luca sighs and gestures towards her. "Rafe, this is my Gran," he says. "She's...a big fan."
"Oh," Rafe says, his eyebrows going up, because of course we've heard a lot about Luca's Gran at the Academy. "Oh, with the cake!" he says, laughing a little. And then, I think to everyone's shock, he puts his hands on Gran's shoulders and presses her away just a tiny bit. Surprised, Gran opens her eyes and looks up into his face.
And then, in what sounds like perfect Itablio, Rafe says, "Grazie per la torta. Lo amaro."
Gran gives a loud shout of joy and then starts to cry harder, pulling Rafe close again and tucking her face away against his stomach, crying hard into his shirt.
"Oh my god," Linda says, hastily putting down the iced tea and reaching for her. "Mom, please -"
"No, it's okay," Rafe says, holding out a hand towards Linda and giving her his best Princely smile. His other hand softly strokes Gran's back in a comforting way. "It's fine. This...happens sometimes."
And Linda laughs and rolls her eyes but gives a shrug, like he asked for it. Gran continues to cry softly, starting to pull herself together, as Luca looks awkwardly between all of us, and then over to his uncle.
"Rafe, Jesse," he says with a sigh, holding a hand out towards his coach. "This is my uncle and my coach, Bruce Grant. Bruce, this is_"
But Bruce just waves a hand at him, clearly indicating that he knows who they are, and Luca hangs his head. He doesn't look at me anymore even though I stare up into his face.
And it's all the confirmation I need.
I slowly loosen my arms from around Luca's waist and take a step away from him, staring at the guilt in the lines of his posture, the sorrow. And then I turn my eyes to Bruce.
"So," I say, slowly, softly. "You did it."
Bruce holds my gaze, his mouth a thin, determined line. "Yes, miss Ariel," he says, crossing his arms as he leans back against a sideboard, at once casual and defensive. "Yes, I did it. I told the press about your relationship with my nephew. And I'd do it again."
Rafe glares, hard, at Bruce Grant, but he continues to stroke Gran's back, clearly unwilling to push her away when she's still overwhelmed. But this just makes space for Jesse to shine.
"Are you kidding me?" Jesse growls, stepping forward loom over Bruce, who is an inch or two shorter than him. Bruce doesn't flinch away, instead simply looking at Jesse with a steady frown. "You had absolutely no right to spread that information to the press. God damn it, you selfish asshole, did you sell it!?"
"Of course I sold it," Bruce snaps back, glaring at Jesse, not backing down. "I sold it in Luca's name - all the profits when to him."
Rafe gasps, and so does Jesse, and I look up at Luca with sadness in my eyes. Because I'm starting to put it together now - that Bruce did this without Luca's permission.
But still. Luca is the one reaping all the benefits, isn't he?
How much did he sell it for? I whisper, directly into Luca's mind.
Luca shifts his eyes to me, his face grim.
Tell me, I command.
Luca drops his eyes. There was a bidding war, he says, his voice echoing in my mind as Jesse and Bruce start to go at it, shouting at each other.
And? I ask, prodding him to continue.
And the final sum was...north of 1.5 million, Luca says, a sigh slipping through his lips.
My eyes flare wide because...because that is one hell of a sum. And while I very much want Luca to have it - especially considering that I have never once in my life wanted for money-
But...his uncle made that money selling a story about me, didn't he? And now it's all in Luca's pocket.
God, this is complicated. More complicated than I ever thought it would be.
Honestly, I didn't know that a story about who I'm mated to could be worth so much - but I should have had a say in it. That money - it could have gone to aid something, done something that Luca and I agreed on together.
But now it's just...his. His uncle took that opportunity from us and seized it all for him.
And the realization that Luca pays his uncle's salary does not pass me by either.
"You can expect a lawsuit from this," Rafe says, drawing my attention back to the room as he speaks for the first time. Gran has loosened herself from his waist now and is wiping at her face, bustling around the room and straightening pillows before dashing back to the kitchen, probably getting more refreshments.
###Chapter 0317
Chapter 0317
Passively, some part of me is very grateful that Gran speaks a different language from us - I want her to remember this as a nice day, not as the horrible afternoon it already is.
"You can bring along any lawsuit you want," Bruce says, giving a casual shrug as he meets Rafe's eye. "I didn't do anything illegal. Can't sue me for libel, I didn't say anything that wasn't true."
"You sold a story that wasn't yours," Rafe points out, taking an aggressive step towards him.
"Luca's story too, not just your girl's, just because she's high class -"
"Watch yourself," Jesse snaps, stepping forward to glare at Bruce.
"All right," Grant says, slowly raising his hands and silently admitting that he's crossed a line. "You got me there, that was a step too far towards disrespect. But Luca passed me power of attorney for all decisions regarding his public image years ago," he says, gesturing over at his nephew.
Luca's face goes a bit pale as he realizes that this is true, his mouth falling open.
"And," Grant says, "all I said was that Luca was mated to Princess Ariel. It was a story about him, about his life. I have every right to do that."
Rafe takes a deep breath and I see the thoughts passing over his face. He frowns because he's a bit out of his league here when it comes to these sorts of laws. "I'm not sure we're too worried about the specifics," Rafe says evenly, dismissing Bruce's point. " What it comes down to, sir, is that you made an enemy of a very powerful man today, not to mention his entire family. I'm not sure you'll find moving in this world very easy while Dominic Sinclair looks at you with disapproval."
"Well," Bruce says with a sigh, lifting his chin a bit while he meets Rafe's gaze, clearly holding his stance. "I've operated long enough in this world without Dominic Sinclair looking my way at all. So, we'll have to see how the future goes, whether or not the King approves of me." Bruce shifts his eyes to Luca now, who is still looking at him, devastated. "I did what I did for my boy here. And if I go down having put a significant sum in his pocket, and setting him on the right path for his future?" He nods once, steady. "I'll take it."
My heart hurts now, as I finally figure it out, as I look between Bruce and Luca and remember everything Bruce said last night about Luca having a short career, and needing to make what money he can now before someone younger and stronger comes to replace him.
And even though I wouldn't have done it myself...I get it.
Bruce Grant is a man who is fighting for his nephew, his family, to have everything in a new world in which their immigrant family has clearly struggled to build a life.
And even if I can dislike that I am the one at whose expense this was earned... I can't hate Bruce for it. Because I would fight just as hard for my family in his position.
"Why did you do it?" The words fall from my mouth before I can even think about whether it's wise for me to ask them.
Everyone in the room turns towards me, and everyone looks grim.
LL
"I did it," Grant says, holding my gaze, his voice gentler now, I think grateful to have the chance to spell out his reasonings. Because image-wise, Luca needs a boost. The boxing he's got - I'm not worried about that. But he's built too much of his public image up around being a git and a playboy party animal, womanizer, whatever you want to call it."
Bruce waves a dismissive hand and Luca hangs his head. I have to work very hard not to move to my mate's side right now, to comfort him when he hears the man he cares about so much say such nasty things about his image.
"So?" I ask, keeping my focus on him. "What does being mated to me have to do with that?"
"You, miss," Bruce says, leaning forward and staring directly into my eyes. "Are like buttermilk. Sweet, clean, and pure. And when the world sees the way he looks at you? How dedicated he is, how in love?" he shakes his head. "One single move, and this boy's image problems are fixed. You saved him."
###Chapter 0318
Chapter 0318
"I didn't do anything," I correct, putting out a hand between us. "And it may be true that I'm good for Luca's image, but it should have been our choice to make this announcement. I'm part of this now, and even if you are in charge of Luca's public image, you're not in charge of mine."
Bruce holds my gaze, accepting what I say but still not backing down. And I see in him that he still believes he made the right choice for Luca and his family - and that I'm not nearly as included in that family as he'd have me think.
But also, in the same moment, I realize that it doesn't matter whether Bruce is sorry or regrets it or gives me an apology. Because it's done. And it's time to move on.
And besides, Rafe is right - my father will have his own response to this matter in time.
And when that comes, Bruce will have his own debts to pay.
"You know," I say softly, considering my words very carefully as I step to Luca's side. "Luca's bigger than just his boxing career. His worth is not measured alone by what he can earn in the ring, and through the media. IIe's doing beautifully at the Academy, which is a career path in itself. And he has people who believe in him, who will help him build the roads to whatever he wants to do once he's no longer boxing anymore."
I slip my hand into my mate's as I feel a rush of shock, and humility, and gratitude come flooding through our bond. And as I look up at Luca, I realize that no one's ever said that to him before - that they think he's bigger than just his boxing career. That he's worth something beyond it.
"I very much hope you're right, miss," Bruce says, his voice soft.
I snap my gaze back to Bruce.
"I am," I say, my voice firm.
And nobody says another damn thing, because we're all very aware that mine is the final word on the subject.
I let the silence ring for a moment before I look up at my mate, and tug on his hand. "Is there somewhere we can go?" I ask quietly. "I want a private word with you."
Luca stares at me for a second before he clears his throat and nods. "My room," he murmurs, lifting his chin back towards foyer in front of the main door, beyond which is a staircase. "We can talk there."
I turn towards Rafe and then Jesse. "You'll be all right here?"
"Sure," Rafe says, nodding easily to me as Bruce sighs and walks out of the room, heading into the kitchen at the same moment that Gran comes out, carrying a heaping tray full of plates. Rafe smiles softly. "I think we'll be... kept busy down here. Take your time, Ariel."
As Luca and I set off for the stairs, I see Rafe and Jesse sit down on the couch with Linda as Gran happily sets the tray down on the coffee table.
"Who..." Gran says, straightening up and putting her hands on her hips, looking curiously at Jesse. "Who....are you?"
Jesse's jaw drops. "You don't know who I am!?"
She just leans closer, like studying him will help her figure it out.
But Jesse just sighs, a tiny bit devastated, as he reaches for a slice of cake. "I'm the Duke."
"The best Duke," Rafe says, grinning at our cousin and patting him on the back as Gran presses a plate of cake into her favorite's hand.
I smile a little, but then we're too far up the steps to see any more of the action below, and the smile falls from my face as I follow Luca into his room.
He doesn't say anything as he holds open his door, letting me slip inside. A grin creeps over my face as I move to Luca's little twin bed and sit down on it, curling my legs up beneath me, because the room is just so boyish. There are boxing posters all over the wall, and old sets of gloves heaped in a corner, and a desk where I can imagine him immediately abandoning his homework as a kid. There's even still a cup with all of his pencils in the corner, a few of them broken and haphazardly shoved away.
Honestly, it's charming as hell. But Luca clearly isn't thinking about how cute his room is as he shuts his door and leans back against it, staring at the floor. "I am so sorry, Ariel," he sighs, his voice low with shame.
###Chapter 0319
Chapter 0319
"Luca," I say, putting out my hands towards him.
He lifts his eyes a little to meet mine, but he doesn't move.
I just raise my eyebrows, a demand in them, and he sighs and presses up off the door, coming to take my hands and sit by my side. "Your room is so cute," I whisper.
He laughs, though his heart isn't in it. "Mom keeps it like a shrine to my childhood," he murmurs. "I had an apartment, obviously, in the city. But I sold it when I decided to run off to the Academy. Put the profits into the gym."
"Yeah, why didn't you tell me about the gym?" I ask, turning towards him and scooting closer, reaching out a hand to softly stroke his cheek. "It sounds amazing, what you're doing for those boys."
"Because...." he says, hesitating and leaning into my hand, "I don't know, Ariel, I mean who knows how long it will last. I don't want to tell you about a project that might fail in a few months when we can no longer afford to fund it."
"Well, you've got millions now," I say, my voice a little dry.
He looks up at me now. "No, I don't," he murmurs, his hands tightening on mine. "I'm giving you that money, obviously." "Okay," I say, a little too cheerful. His eyes widen in surprise - I don't think he thought I'd actually take it. "Except, I want my half donated anonymously to your gym. As long as the profits go to scholarships for the boys. I don't want to pay your uncle's salary,"
Luca huffs a laugh, but when he sees that I'm serious his face falls. "Ariel," he says, shaking his head like it's ridiculous.
"Luca," I say, mimicking the sound of his voice, because he's the one being ridiculous now. "I believe in you. If this is something you care about, then it's something I care about too. I think it's amazing. You should have told me about it sooner - you know that the rest of us would want to help. My mom is going to love it - she loves anything that helps kids who need a little boost in life." "I can't just...take your parents' money."
"Okay," I say, understanding. Money is easy for me, but I understand that it's not that way for everyone. "Then we'll help in other ways."
I smile, but Luca drops his head again, shaking it. "I'm so sorry, Ariel," he repeats, still stuck on it. "You're making this too easy. It never should have happened. My uncle - he crossed a line - and I'm so pissed at him - he's got way too much control of my life, and I think that he hates that I have a royal connection now, that someone else - especially a little blonde girl - might influence me more than he does -"
"Luca," I murmur, moving closer so that my side is pressed to his, sensing that he's on the edge of a rant that's going to take him deeper and deeper into a spiral of worry and sorrow and grief. I press his cheeks between my palms and force him to look at me. "I forgive you, all right? If there's anything to forgive - which I'm not sure there is - I forgive you."
He stares at me, a little baffled. And we stay like that for a long moment before he raises one hand, covering one of my own, still pressed to his cheek. "You're too good," he murmurs. "I don't deserve you."
"The Goddess doesn't make mistakes," I say with a happy little sigh, lifting my chin and pressing a kiss to his mouth. Luca takes a moment to respond, but then his eyes drift shut, and he wraps his arms around me and kisses me back, kisses me like I'm precious, and wonderful, and like he's terrified to lose me.
When we break apart a moment later, I know that we're all right. And that even if the situation isn't right yet - that he and I? We're good. We'll see it through.
"I'm going to go now," I whisper, staring straight into his brown eyes, my voice steady and warm. His eyes widen, worried, but I shush him softly, lifting my face a little to press a kiss to his cheek. "Not because I want to, or because I'm mad - but because you need to get your head back on your fight."
Luca just blinks at me like he forgot all about that.
And I laugh - because he probably did.
###Chapter 0320
Chapter 0320
After a moment Luca starts to laugh with me before he takes a deep breath and nods. "Fucking fight," he murmurs, running an anxious hand through his hair. "I have so much to do."
"I know," I say, resting my head on his shoulder. "But I don't want your mind on me at all, okay? Put all of this out of your head and concentrate on what you have to do. I'll be there, tonight, in the box. Just like I promised."
"Are you sure?" he asks, tentative - because he knows that there will be eyes on me now that this article is out - way more than there were before.
"Royal box," I whisper. "Dead center. I'll be right there, nowhere else."
"You're not just saying that you're not mad so that I won't worry about it?" He whispers, and I grin at him, shaking my head a little because he's overthinking it.
"You didn't do anything bad to me, Luc," I say, pressing another kiss to his mouth. "So, I've got nothing to be mad about. We're good. You just concentrate on the fight - bring me home a pretty new belt to add to my accessories."
Luca laughs and then kisses me, swift and passionate, sending a great flood of love and gratitude and something very close to reverence down the bond. And I kiss him back for a good long time, not letting my own emotions travel to him, because I'm still mad as hell at his uncle and frankly a little sorry for Luca. And he doesn't need to know that right now.
Luca - he's so brash, and brave, and funny and charming and charismatic. But he's had someone behind him controlling a great deal of his life, hasn't he? And every part of me can see how a teenage Luca - so angry, so driven by his emotions - needed that control. Bruce and Luca - there's a great deal of love in their relationship, but also some condescension I'm not sure I can forgive.
No, I'm not sure I can countenance at all a man who has told his nephew that his only worth is in his ability to get into a ring and beat the tar out of other boys. I'm not sure I'm going to stand for that at all.
But... that's something Luca and I can talk about later. There's plenty of time for that.
"Okay," I say, laughing a little and breaking our kiss, running my fingers through his hair slightly. "I'm going to go. You have to concentrate."
"No," he mutters, bringing his face back to mine, "five more minutes
"Luca!" I laugh, pulling away.
"Two!"
CC
But when I laugh harder he does too, and holds me tight for a second before letting me go. Luca stands with me, walking me to the door, and we kiss one last time before I leave him there and hop cheerfully down the stairs. He sends a warm pulse of affection after me, and I send it right back, along with a great deal of assurance.
When I get to the ground floor and peek into the living room, I grin to see that basically all the cake has been eaten, and that Jesse and Gran are looking together at a photograph of the entire royal family that she's taken down from the wall.
"That's me!" Jesse says, pointing at his image insistently. "Duke Jesse! Me!"
A little dubious, Gran looks between him and the picture. "Duchessa Cora?" she asks, hesitant, pointing to Aunt Cora in the picture.
"That's my mom!" Jesse exclaims, throwing out an eager hand. Gran grimaces, staring at him like that can't possibly be true and making Rafe laugh.
Linda stands and comes over to me, slipping an arm around my shoulders. "She knows who he is, she figured it out ages ago," she whispers in my ear. "She's just messing with him now." I look at Linda in shock and then burst out laughing. Jesse and Rafe turn my way, Rafe getting to his feet.
"All good?" he asks, hesitant. I look to Linda, seeing the same question in her eyes.
"All good," I say, nodding around to everyone. "Luca and I are fine." I look up at Linda again. "We'll see you at the fight tonight? Would you like to come and sit in our box? You'd be more than welcome."
###Chapter 0321
Chapter 0321
She beams at me, genuinely pleased. "We always sit ringside for Luca's fights," she says, giving me a little squeeze. "But thank you. That's very kind."
"Offer stands," Rafe says, coming over with Jesse, Gran between them with one arm around each of their waists. "Any concert or sporting game - if you want to use the box just let us know."
She blushes and laughs like we can't be serious, but Jesse assures her that we are. Then we all say our goodbyes and head out the door, dashing as fast as we can for our black car so that the paparazzi can't get a good picture.
But as we run, I wonder if it even matters -
Because I'm going to be at Luca's fight tonight, front and center. And isn't that all the confirmation they're going to need?
I'm still wondering about it, a little worried, when I wander into my bedroom about half an hour later, barely concentrating on my surroundings because I'm so lost in my thoughts.
So, it's no surprise that I don't notice the tiny Queen sitting on my bed.
"Heyyy babyyy," she croons, and I shriek and basically jump out of my skin, making her laugh and fall back against my pillows. "Mom!" I growl, dashing forward to smack at her, even though she dodges my half-hearted blow. "Don't scare me like that!" "It's not my fault you were lost in Lala-Land," she says, grabbing me and hauling me over to her when I slump down onto the bed. "What would you have done if I was some kind of agent from another country sent to kidnap you? Aren't they training you for precisely this sort of thing in that school of yours?"
"I would poison you," I mutter, laughing a little, "because my education hasn't gotten me any further than that yet."
"Oh yes, very powerful," mom murmurs, stroking my hair and grinning at me. She pulls me back against her, my back to her chest, and starts to pet my hair. In the mirror across the room, I watch as her face falls into more serious lines. "How did it go with Luca?"
I sigh, nestling more comfortably against her as mom leans over and produces, of all things, a cup of hot coffee, pressing it into my hands. I grin and take a sip, pleased both to have it and because she knew I'd want it - she saw I didn't have any caffeine this morning at breakfast.
"It went okay," I say, nodding and relishing the taste of the coffee. "Luca and I are fine. He wasn't the one who told the press." Mom exhales a deep breath and nods to me with relief.
"But," I continue with a grimace, "his uncle did." She gasps satisfyingly mom is a great listener of gossip and then sits quietly while I tell the whole story. By the end she's shaking her head in a bit of awe.
"It's such a shame it had to go like that," she says quietly, staring into space a bit and idly playing with my hair, curling a strand of it around her finger. "If Luca needed funds - especially for his family, or for such a good cause - then they could have come to us instead of gambling your secret away. We'd have been happy to help."
"That's what I said!"
She nods to me. "But I agree with you - his uncle is underestimating Luca's abilities to support himself for the rest of his life. Luca - he's more than just a talented boxer. I just hope his uncle didn't get so far into his head that Luca can't see that himself."
"Well, we'll help him." I say, curling up closer to her and resting my head back against her shoulder, pleased to have my mom's support.
"Of course we will," she murmurs, slipping her arm around my shoulders. "Now, let's talk about your mate."
I blink for a second, and then turn my head to frown up at her. "Didn't we just do that?"
"No baby," she says, grinning at me. "Your other mate."
And I sit up straighter because....Jackson?
Did something go wrong?
###Chapter 0322
Chapter 0322
"What's wrong with Jacks?" I ask, a little frantic, turning to look her in the face.
"See?" mom says, sitting up with a grin and pointing her finger at me, poking me in the chest. "The fact that you keep assuming something is wrong with him tells me that you know something is up too."
"That's not a ridiculous assumption to make when someone says they want to talk about someone, mom," I say, glaring at her a little and slumping back against the pillows, taking the last sip of my coffee and putting the cup on my bedstand.
"I know, but you did it at breakfast when he wasn't there, too. He's a big, powerful Alpha, Ariel - why do you assume he can't take care of himself?"
I sigh, pressing my hands together and screwing my mouth to the side as I consider my mom, who is so pretty, and considerate, and kind. But I know that she's asking for a reason, and I don't know how much Jackson told her, or how much he'd want me to reveal. "Well, Jackson's kind of..." I hesitate, not knowing what to say.
"He's precious, isn't he?" Mom says with a little smile, staring at me with a whole heap of love in her eyes.
"So, you see it too?" I ask, leaning forward a bit. She nods. "He's so...you're right, mom, he's so powerful, but he's so delicate too -like he totally doesn't understand this world, and he doesn't know how to move around in it, and he's so hungry for someone to love him - but I don't even think he knows that. I just feel...very protective of him."
"Oh, baby," mom sighs, beaming at me and reaching out to pat my cheek. "I'm so glad you see it too."
"How could I miss it?" I say, a little awed.
"Well," she says, with a shrug. "I think...pretty much everyone else in his life has missed it. He's so... rugged. I think people just assume that what's inside matches the outside." She pauses a minute, considering. "He told me a little bit about where he comes from. It...it doesn't sound good."
"What did he tell you?" I ask, fascinated and curious, glad she knows so that we can talk about it.
"A little about the Community, about not having parents. Most of it came out when I was getting him new clothes
I laugh, and she does too, and I can just imagine how funny, awkward, and sweet my mate was when mom was putting him through his fashion paces.
"But," she says, "did you know he's like...never chosen his clothing before?"
"No," I say quietly, resting my head back against the pillow, a little awed by it.
"Yeah," she says, nodding, her eyes a bit far-off. "His entire life Jackson's just worn whatever was provided to him - a tradition we continued at the Academy. When I gave him his new wardrobe, he asked which piece he should wear next, and I said whatever you want, and he looked at me like I was crazy."
"Did you pick out his outfit today?" I whisper, kind of dying to know.
"Nah," she says, grinning at me. "I gave him some hints about how to put together colors, and I left him with some fashion magazines. But he successfully put together a button-down and some jeans today. Clever boy."
We both laugh then, but there's no malice in it. Just a great deal of love between two people who care about someone who is trying very hard.
"He's so sweet," I murmur, dropping my head a little to hide my ridiculous smile.
"He is," mom says, and the slight hardness to her voice makes me look up at her again. She looks at me seriously now and my smile falls away. "I won't have you breaking his heart, Ariel."
My mouth pops open a little, because - well, one, because I have no intention of doing that. And two - "Wait," I say, voicing my protestation aloud, "aren't I your daughter!? Shouldn't you be saying that to him!?"
Mom laughs now, unable to help it. "Jackson doesn't need to be told not to break your heart, Ariel." I open my mouth again to protest, but she holds up a hand, asking me to let her finish. I scowl, and snap my jaw shut. "But baby, you've got a team behind you - a whole world of support. Luca does too. If either of you get your heart broken, you've got people to fall back on. Jackson..." she lets her words fade off here, because I know how they end.
###Chapter 0323
Chapter 0323
And my heart sinks, thinking of the reality of that. Thinking that my sweet Jacks - he's really got no one in his life to hold him and coddle him and be his safety net. Well, almost no one.
"He's got us," I whisper, looking into my mom's eyes, which I know are precisely the same shade as mine. "Which...I mean, it isn't nothing, mom. We're formidable."
"It's true," she says, a slow grin coming over her face. "Pint sided, but formidable."
We both laugh again, and she strokes my cheek. "I love you so much baby," she whispers, "I just...I care a great deal about that boy already."
"Why?" I ask, a little curious.
She just grins at me. "An orphan boy, looking for a mom? Who wants a family, but doesn't even know how to ask for it? Come on, baby trouble," she murmurs, and I immediately put the pieces together - and I can't believe I didn't see it before. "Jackson's basically my catnip - I can't resist wanting to give him everything I didn't have."
"Mommm," I groan, scooting closer to her over the bed and wrapping my arms around her, putting my head down on her chest as she tugs me close. "You're so nice. Thank you for taking care of him. And I promise, I'll be careful. He's very important to me."
"I know he is sweetie, and I know that it's not easy for you. I know it's complicated, with Luca too. Just...try to remember that Jackson's kind of an island. And that he's putting a great deal on the line, loving you."
"Do you think I've done a bad job so far?" I ask, kind of terrified to hear her answer.
"Not at all, baby," she says, "this is all...for the future. Because I don't think it gets simpler for the three of you. I think...well, I think there are going to be hard times."
I nod, agreeing, kind of dreading it. And inwardly, I solidify my promise to be on Jackson's side, even when things get hard. Because mom's right - in some cases, I'm the only one there.
Mom presses a kiss to my forehead and then reaches for my bedside table again, where she slides the drawer open and pulls something out. "Speaking of the future," she murmurs, putting a little green bottle into my hand. "This should set you up well to... make whatever plans you want to."
"Huh?" I ask, staring at it. And then my eyes go wide when I realize what it is. "Oh," I say, a little...at a loss for words.
I've seen a bottle like this before - mom keeps it in her bedside table too. The day I figured out that it's a contraceptive tonic - a mild and specific variety of wolfsbane, combined with ginger and wild carrot - I had blushed for days at the idea that mom still needed it. But when mom had finally confronted me on why I was being so weird around her, we'd had a really good chat about sex, and pregnancy, and reproductive health.
"I think you should start taking it,” mom says, thoughtful. "I mean, obviously, the choice is up to you. But there's nothing wrong or bad or shameful about sex, Ariel, even if...well, if your mate situation makes it a little more complicated. But considering your choice of career, I don't think you want a baby right now
"No, I don't," I confirm, my eyebrows raised. God, it sure would be hard to pretend I'm a boy at Alpha Academy with a big pregnant belly to give me away.
"Not that I would protest that!" mom says, putting her hands up.
I gape a little, staring up at her.
"Listen, baby," mom says, grinning at me, "the sooner you want to give me a grandchild - or eight - the better, as far as I'm concerned -"
"Mommm!" I groan, tilting my head back so far that I fall back on the bed. I use the new position to kick at her lightly,
embarrassed and kind of appalled at the idea. A baby! A grandchild for my parents! God, I haven't even thought of something like that.
###Chapter 0324
Chapter 0324
"I know, I know," mom says with a sigh, flopping down next to me on her stomach. "I am willing to wait. And if you decide you don't want kids, Ariel, that's fine too - I'll badger Rafe and Junie and Mark, because one of you will have to give in. I just..." she shrugs, and I look over at her seriously as I clutch the contraceptive tonic to my chest, "I want you to be in charge of your choices. I want you to decide when and if you have kids. And that," she says, pointing to the tonic, "helps with that."
I consider my mom seriously for a moment, and then the tonic in my hands, and then I sit up with a new curiosity burning in me. Well, does it like, change anything?" I ask curiously. "Will my period be different? What does it taste like?"
Mom laughs, and begins to tell me everything, and it's the start of a very long, very detailed, and very important chat.
CC
In fact, our chat is so long that it only ends with a big thump on my door that makes both of us jump, but which we know can only be one thing.
"Arielll," Mark groans, slumped against the outside of my door. I laugh, because he's been doing this since he was a kid. Markie doesn't knock - he just throws his body against the door and starts talking. "Stop hogging mom! Some of us need help with our bow ties!"
"Bow ties?" I call, "what are you talking about?"
My handle twists and Markie comes in then, and I gasp to see him all dressed up in a tuxedo, looking down at the two ends of the bow tie in his hands. "Mark!" I squeak, thrilled. "You look so handsome!"
"Really?" he says, grinning and striking a pose for me. "I'm not cute anymore? I'm handsome?"
"You're both," I say, nodding, decided, and my baby laughs and jumps on the bed with us, pleased to be so complimented. I laugh too, watching him with a bit of fascination, because it's not like I've never seen Mark in a tux before mom dresses us up formally for all sorts of occasions. It's just that he really did grow up in the few months that we were away. He looks...god, he looks like an adult now.
Soon the girls are going to be all over him, and I won't know what to do.
"Come here, Markito," mom murmurs, holding out her hands for him. "Let me tie that tie."
"I'm not going," Juniper sighs at the doorway, and I turn my head to look over at her, a grin immediately taking my face. She's slumped against my doorframe, her arms crossed, her eyes rolled up to the ceiling. "I don't have anything to wear. So, I'm not going. Plus, it's a primeval form of entertainment, watching two men beat each other to bits."
"Oh Juuuune," mom sighs, waving her to come in as Mark scootches closer to her. "Come in, you can raid Ariel's closet, I'm sure she has something that will look amazing on you."
"She so can not raid my closet!" I gasp, even as I subtly tuck the contraceptive potion away beneath my pillow, not really ready for Mark and Juniper to know about this burgeoning aspect of my life.
"Ariel, you don't even know what's in your closet," mom murmurs, rolling her eyes, "how would you even know if Junie wore I bought for you or for her?"
"You have to pay rental fees by the hour!" I say, pointing a finger at June as she wanders over to my wardrobe. "And don't spill anything on it!" I don't mean it, not really - I never care if my sister borrows my clothes. I just like to torture her about it.
Juniper, knowing this, completely ignores me.
A little gasp comes at the door and I turn to see Daphne standing there, staring at me. "Ariel!" she says, a little freaked out. "Why aren't you ready!? we have to like...go!"
"What," I say with a frown, looking at the clock. "We have like, an hour, Daphne -"
"And you have to get ready!" she says, scurrying into the room, looking amazing in a red dress.
"Daph!" I say, gaping and putting out a hand with my palm out. She skitters to a stop, not knowing what I mean, and I just stare at her. "That dress looks insane on you!"
Daphne blushes, but I can tell that she's pleased as she gives a tiny ironic curtsey. "Daphne Designs, of course," she says, waving a hand down to gesture to the expanse of the sleeveless dress that hugs her every curve all the way down to the intricately pleated skirt, which flares out at her hips and spreads around her, all the way to the ground. It's just a few shades darker red than her hair, which I never realized would look so good until I see it now in person.
"You made this?" mom gasps, standing and moving to Daphne's side now that Mark's tie is tied. Daphne laughs and nods, again pleased, and mom admires the dress extensively. I grin, likewise pleased, especially because I can tell that not an ounce of mom's compliments are flattery.
###Chapter 0325
Chapter 0325
"Seriously, Daph, good job," I say, giving her a thumbs up and wandering over to my wardrobe to sort through the dresses with Juniper. "Now come help me pick out something for me to wear - I have to look at least half as good as you tonight."
"You don't even know what you're going to wear!?" Daphne squeaks, horrified, as she scurries over to my side. "Oh my god, Ariel, I don't know how you live such a chaotic life"
"What are you talking about?" I burst out, laughing. "What's chaotic about -"
"Ariel, I have had this outfit picked out for a month," she says, staring at me like I'm completely insane. "And you're picking out what you're going to wear to the media event of the year - at which you will be center stage, miss mated to the boxer -" here she pokes me in the center of the chest with a finger, making me laugh again, "and you haven't even decided what to wear?"
"It's because she's spoiled," mom says, making me spin in protest as she comes to stand with the three of us at the wardrobe. Mark sprawls over the bed, watching, grinning, enjoying the drama. "I always pick out her clothes - all of my children's, honestly. They've never had to worry about it a day in their lives."
"I pick out my outfits all the time!" I protest.
"Because mom basically turns your room into a department store," Juniper mutters, smirking.
"Oh, look who's talking," I snap playfully, giving my sister a playful shove. But Juniper ignores me, her face going serious with awe as she gasps and reaches for something in the back of the wardrobe. When she pulls out a shimmering silver gown, my eyes go wide. "Ohhh....this is pretty," she murmurs, her hand running over it.
I gasp a little too, because it is a gorgeous dress, the fabric shimmering like liquid. But not in a metallic way - almost like...well, like it's actually water, reflecting starlight, or something equally mythical and fantastic.
"Wow," Daphne says, reaching out to touch it.
"Um," my mom says, and we all turn towards her, surprised by the hesitance in her voice. She reaches for the dress, and Juniper hands it over to her. To my surprise, mom holds it up to me. "Actually," she whispers, "I kind of did buy this with Ariel in mind. Since it's such a special night for her."
I look at my mom in surprise, and then gratitude, because it is an incredible dress - and it was so nice of her to realize that tonight was going to be important for me, with Luca boxing for our nation's pride.
But when I see the way June's eyes cast down to the floor, not at all protesting, but...disappointed...
I know that the choice is simple.
"No, let's let Junie wear it!" I say, beaming at my mom and taking the dress from her hands, holding it out to Juniper's body to see how it looks. Juniper snaps her head up, a little agape.
"But it won't fit me," Juniper murmurs, pushing it away, wanting me to take it since mom got it for me. "It's too long - mom will have had it tailored for you -"
"Well, I can help with that," Daphne says, taking my side and nodding eagerly to June. "I can fix a hem in a cinch. Why don't you try it? I think it's going to look great."
The smile on Juniper's face - it makes the sacrifice of such a stunning dress completely worth it. My taciturn little sister even laughs a little as she takes the dress from my hands and hurries away to the bathroom.
"You are so sweet," mom murmurs, stepping close to me and pressing a kiss to my temple after Juniper closes the door. "But.... you're also going to be naked at this fight. Because I didn't get a backup for you to wear."
I grimace a little, turning back to my wardrobe and sorting through the dresses, realizing that mom is right. Because even though there are dozens here, none of them at all match the one that Juniper just took.
I bite my lip, wondering what the hell I should do. I mean, it is an important night - I should look good. There are going to be lots of eyes on me as the returned Princess and the champion's declared mate- I want to show everyone that I'm proud of both.
"Hmm," Daphne says, tapping her lip with her finger and staring into the wardrobe. "I might have an...idea. Do you mind?" She raises her eyebrow at me and mom, and I know that we both give her the same grin.
###Chapter 0326
Chapter 0326
"Be our guest," mom says, gesturing towards the selection in front of us.
"Actually, what I'm thinking of is in my room," Daphne says, a huge smile on her face. And then she skitters away.
"I like this new friend,” mom says, nodding as she watches Daphne dart out the door. "She's got moxy. She's also...talented, and organized, and precise, and ambitious."
"I know, she's the best," I say, looking at the empty door that Daphne just skittered through.
"You and me, we need people like her," my mom says, looking over at me with a grin as she darts a finger rapidly between us. Because we're just big-hearted chaos on wheels."
I burst into laughter, tilting my head back for the joy of it. Mom laughs along with me. "What?!" she says, grinning. "It's true!"
"Not completely!" I protest, bringing my head back in and grinning at her. "I mean, we're ambitious! And I'm organized, when I want to be!"
<<
"Oh, sure, sure," mom says, flapping a hand like it doesn't matter. "But selective organization and ambition are easy execution is hard. We need Daphnes in our life to help us along. And Dominics and Rafes. Practical, organized, precise."
"Which team am I on?" Markie calls from his spot on the couch, flicking through his phone as he does, only half paying attention. "Team benevolent chaos, baby!" Mom calls over to him with a big grin. "The fun team!"
Markie gives a whoop, happy to be included, and I laugh again, losing myself to it. But then I pause, my eyes drifting over my mom as she laughs along with me. "Wait mom, what are you going to wear?" I ask, gesturing towards her very high-end but completely leisurely leggings and sweater.
"Oh my god!" mom gasps, and then she, too, runs off for the door. "See? Chaos! I'll be back, twenty minutes! I have a dress! I'll be back, don't do anything fun without me!"
I'm still laughing when she's gone from the room, swinging the door shut behind her. I head over to my bed to sit with Mark and wait for mom and Daphne to come back.
"Can you help me with this?" he asks, staring baffled at the two ends of his bow tie that has, somehow, come undone already. "Should have just gotten you a snap-on," I murmur, leaning close and fiddling with the ends, trying to remember how to do this. "Definitely," Markie agrees, lifting his chin so that I can see what I'm doing.
It takes us awhile and a couple of internet videos to get Markie all fixed up again, but we get there. Not long after we do I hear the click of two doors - my bedroom door as well as the bathroom door - as they open almost simultaneously.
My head first moves to Daphne, who comes in with a length of black fabric draped over her arm, but when I see her wide grin looking towards the other end of the room I snap my head around to Juniper, who shyly pecks around the bathroom door, only half stepping through.
Mark and I gasp in tandem when we see her in the dress and I get up to my knees, excited. "Junie!" I say, my voice soft and referent as I wave her into the room. "Let me see you! Oh my god!"
Juniper laughs a little, anxious, as she steps fully out of the bathroom, but I can tell by the smile she can't keep off her face that she knows she looks good - and that she's really enjoying it. But good - the word doesn't cut it.
I clasp my hands beneath my chin as I beam at my little sister, who looks...ethereal. Something about the shimmering silver of the dress against her newly-black hair makes her emerald eyes sparkle - and the way the dress hugs her petite form to pool on the floor at her feet...
"Junie, you look so pretty," Mark says, and I can hear the happiness in his voice.
"You really do!" I squeak, my throat tight as tears spring to my eyes. Because my little sister - I've never seen her so grown up! The dress is very innocent with its sweetheart neckline and slim straps - it's not sexy or provocative at all. But still, she doesn't look like our family's little girl - she's a beautiful young woman, and I feel so proud.
"Guys," she moans, half laughing, her shoulders slumping forward as she sees the way that we're all staring at her. "Stop! I mean ...is it... is it good?" She looks down, spreading her hands out over the dress.
"It's perfect," Daphne breathes, tossing what I assume is my dress onto the bed and moving swiftly over to Juniper. "What do you think about..." she hesitates but then reaches out to softly gather Junie's hair up behind her head in a delicate twist. I nod eagerly as Daphne and Juniper look to me, because sometimes Junie hides behind her hair, but this really allows her pretty face to come forward and take center stage.
###Chapter 0327
Chapter 0327
"Do you think we can darken her eyebrows?" I ask Daphne, eager. "To match her hair more?"
"Oh, good idea!" Daphne says, and then gets started. Excited, I jump off the bed as Daphne ushers Juniper over to my vanity. Very quickly Daphne loosely pins Juniper's hair up and then uses a very light bit of cosmetics to highlight Juniper's features - her lovely dark lashes, her high cheekbones - and then, to my surprise, lines Juniper's lips in a very dark red - almost black.
"Really?" I ask, surprised.
"What?" Juniper says, her eyes going wide, trying to glance over to the mirror. "What are you doing to me?"
"Trust me," Daphne murmurs, grabbing some clear lip gloss and dabbing it onto juniper's lips and then smudging the color at the edges a bit so that it bleeds onto her lips like a watercolor, leaving her mouth dark at the edges and light at the center, making them look full and gorgeous.
"Ohhhh," I say, my eyes crinkling with delight - because it's just precisely the right detail, and the dark color makes her look very mysterious. "You look coooool, Junie!"
"What!?" June protests, but when she spins towards the mirror her eyes go wide, I think because she's probably never seen herself like this before - glamorous, enigmatic, alluring. She stares at herself, shocked, and then a little smile takes her lips as she leans forward. "Wow..."
"That's amazing," Mark says, coming to stand with us and also peering at June in the mirror. He turns to stare at Daphne. "Can you do my makeup? What can you do to make me more handsome?"
Daphne bursts into laughter and gives Mark a playful shove on the shoulder. "You're already handsome enough, with all of those Sinclair genes. You don't need anything else."
"Yes, I do," he says, striking a dramatic pose with the back of his hand against his forehead. "Make me stunning!"
I laugh at my little baby brother, adoring him as always, but then Daphne gasps again. "Ariel!" she says, gesturing over to the fabric sitting on the bed. "What are you doing!? You haven't even tried that on yet!?"
"We got distracted!" I protest.
"Go!" she shouts, giving me a shove before reaching a hand out to Juniper, asking her to stand so that she can check the hem length on her dress. I move to the bed and gather the black fabric in my hands while I head to the bathroom door just as Markie starts to try to pull Daphne away.
"No, her hem is fine!" he groans. "Give me a makeover! What color should my eyebrows be!?"
I'm laughing as I step into the bathroom and pull the door shut behind me. Then, grinning, I quickly peel my clothes off and step into the dress, pulling it up over my body. I turn to look at myself in the mirror, but eyes immediately go wide with anxiety as I fasten the zipper on the side and stare at myself in the mirror.
Because as innocent and ethereal as Juniper's was?
This one is...sexy.
The zipper done, my hands fall to the sides as I stare at myself in the mirror, at the dress that's cut in so sharp a sharp V over my chest that it comes to a point just above my navel. In many ways it's cleverly done, the V so narrow that it's almost demure there's no cleavage on display, just a great deal of implication that it could be.
I twist a little, observing the way that the dress loops up over my shoulders in diaphanous straps about an inch wide and then falls gracefully down my back in a wide scoop, leaving my entire back bare as the fabric settles just barely an inch above my butt. My eyes go wider - if possible - when I see how much flesh is bared, and I blush at myself...
But then I bite my lip because...I mean, because I kind of like it.
This feels like the kind of dress that was made for a spy disguised as a princess, a femme fatale, someone who people underestimate because she's pretty and delicate but who can poison you in nine different ways.
The kind of dress for a princess with two Alpha mates, each of which is ready to tear the world apart at her command. Slowly, I smile.
Because I absolutely love it.
###Chapter 0328
Chapter 0328
I beam in particular at the thought of Daphne, who envisioned me in this dress tonight. Daphne, my dear friend who knows the intricacies of my story, and my personality, so completely that she...made this dress.
And instantly, I know that she made it. And that she made it for me. Because it fits like a damn glove, even if it is a little bit long.
Eagerly, I move for the door, pulling it open and smirking when I find Daphne standing about ten feet away, waiting for me, the straps of a pair of insanely high stiletto shoes draped over her fingers, held out towards me. "I cut the hem for six-inch heels," she says with a smirk. "Think you can handle it?"
I squeal with excitement as I scurry over to her, throwing myself into her arms as she laughs and hugs me back, as Markie says " whoa!" and Juniper gapes from her spot by the vanity, pins all over the bottom of her dress.
"I love it," I whisper to Daphne, incredibly excited as I pull back and take the shoes from her hands, leaning on her shoulder as I start to pull them on.
"You do!?" Daphne nearly sings, excited. "I dreamed it up, but I wasn't sure you'd like it -"
"It's perfect," I say, shaking my head a little.
"Actually," she murmurs, and I watch with surprise as she pushes hastily at the straps over my shoulders so that they fall, dainty, to hang in loops over my arms, leaving my shoulders bare. I hesitate for a second, thinking that the whole dress is going to fall down, but then I realize that Daphne's crafted it so carefully that the boning and structure beneath the long strip of black silky fabric holds it up. The whole dress looks like it's crafted to go to pieces and leave me naked in an instant, but really it's quite sturdy.
"You're so clever," I murmur, twisting a little as I take in the effect in the mirror. "I can't believe you did this. Every girl in the nation is going to want one of these tomorrow." Daphne laughs and heads back to Juniper while I finish pulling on my shoes. I turn towards Mark and Juniper, wanting their opinions, when the door opens and mom comes in in her own gorgeous gown, a confection of peach-colored organza and lace.
When mom presses the door shut and turns to me, her mouth falls open.
"Oh my god," she whispers, looking me up and down, her eyes wide and her expression blank.
I bite my lip, not sure if I like this reaction. "Is it too much?"
Slowly, my mom raises her eyes back to mine. She's silent for a long, long moment, and my stomach sinks, but then she clasps her hands in front of her chest and gives a brilliant little shriek of joy. "Ariel! You look gorgeous! You look amazing!"
I burst into a grin and my mom hurries across the room to me, taking my hand and making me spin in a circle for her, her eyes going wide again when she sees the back.
"You look so sexy," she whispers, meeting my eyes, which makes me laugh and blush at once. Pleased, Daphne goes back to kneel on the floor in front of Juniper, fixing up her hemline in a hurry.
"But seriously, you don't think it's too much?" I ask, a little worried.
Mom laughs and gives me an anxious little grimace. "I think your dad's going to flip."
I go a little pale at the idea but mom just flaps her hand at me, darting over to the closet where some of my coats are kept, pulling out a chic little faux-fur wrap. "You can just wear this until we get to the fight, and then he won't have a chance to protest, will he?"
I laugh and nod, grinning at my mom, loving her loving that she doesn't have a prudish bone in her body and would never try to make me feel any shame about my body or wearing whatever I want.
Mom tosses the coat onto the bed and then quickly begins to confer with Daphne about what we should do for makeup and hair. Mark pretends to get in on it, giving his playful suggestions, all of which are dismissed because he has terrible teenage-boy tastes. But by the time Juniper's hem is all sewn up, I'm equally fitted out as well, with dark and smoky makeup on my eyes, and barely a bit of gloss on my lips, and two tiny diamond clips holding my hair back from my face so that it flows down my back. Simple, sexy, dangerous. When I stand next to my mom and my sister and look in the mirror, I grin around at all of us - shocked at how three women with such similar features can look so different tonight. But each of us so lovely in our own ways.
"Oh, I love you both so much," mom squeals, putting her arms around our shoulders and giving us each a kiss and a squeeze. "What about me!?" Markie protests, behind us, left out.
"Yes, you too, Mark, of course," mom says, her voice over-indulgent as it always is with him, but he beams anyway when she turns and gives him a hug.
As she does, Juniper turns to me and crosses her arms, looking me up and down. "Who's spooky now?" she asks, smirking.
"Yes, bubblegum sparkle princess is no more," I say with a mock sigh, grinning at her, remembering her words on the day I came home. "It's all dark Ariel now."
Juniper laughs with me and then gives me a nod. "I think it's cool," she says, giving a one-shouldered shrug. "New era, new princess. I think it...suits you. All sides of you."
"Thanks, Junie," I say, a little softer now, genuinely touched.
"You're welcome," she says, giving me a big grin. "In exchange for my kindness, please do not tell mom and dad if you see me drinking champagne tonight."
I narrow my eyes a little at my wicked sister, but then I grin and loop my elbow in hers, giving her a nod. Secrets between sisters, after all, are very important. It's about time Juniper and I were on the same team.
"Are we ready?" mom asks, moving towards the door.
"Aye aye, Captain Mom," Markie says, giving her a foolish salute. She grins at him and then points to the fur still on the bed." Seriously, Ariel, you'd better wear that or your dad will lock you in your room."
I grin and, as I move out of the room with my sister on one side and Daphne on the other, I grab my coat, pulling it over my shoulders and feeling incredibly excited about the night.
Because I have a new dress, and I get to go to an event with my entire family, and watch my mate beat the crap out of someone and defend our national pride. It can't get any better than this.
And what, possibly, could go wrong?
###Chapter 0329
Chapter 0329
Downstairs, where we all gather by the door and wait for the cars to come around to the front of the palace, is the best kind of chaos. I'm beaming ear-to-ear, a cheeseburger in one hand and a glass of champagne in the other, as I chat with my family, greeting everyone and exchanging compliments.
None of the compliments are false, actually, because everyone looks amazing. All the men are in tuxes, and while my dad and Rafe wear tuxedos like they were born for them, nobody outdoes Uncle Roger and Jesse for flare. Jesse's suitcoat tonight is made out of an incredibly gorgeous wine-colored velvet with black lapels. It would swallow anyone else, but Jesse's personality can handle it. "Hello, gorgeous cousin," he murmurs, pulling me close to give me a kiss on the cheek as he smirks at my cropped fur jacket. " What are you hiding under there?"
"Oh, weapons," I I say, grinning and taking a big bite of my cheeseburger. "Vials of poison, a very small sniper rifle." I put my fingers up close to my face, pinched together, indicating the rifle's approximate size.
"Not a crossbow?" he asks, raising an eyebrow, his hands slipped into his pockets.
"No, I'm kind of over those at the moment," I say with a sigh, tilting my head to the side. "Though I can't imagine why." Jesse laughs and pats me on the shoulder before moving over to the little buffet mom had set up by the door she always does this, wanting us to each have a bunch of greasy food before we go out to a party or an event so no one's drinking on an empty stomach. And, despite being practical, it's delicious.
I continue to eat my burger and sip my champagne, letting my eyes drift over my family. I grin to see Markie standing with my dad and Rafe, pleased as hell to finally be allowed to come along to a big grown-up event like this. Ben and Daphne are raiding the buffet, I think a little shocked by it but enjoying it nonetheless. Juniper, meanwhile, is being extravagantly admired by Aunt Cora, who is stunning in an elegant navy-blue jumpsuit with wide-flared legs that almost give the impression of a dress until you see her move.
I'm suffused with happiness, thrilled to be here with everyone, except...
Well, except my eyes keep moving to the door. Because there's one person missing, and he's precisely the one I'm waiting for.
A bell rings by the palace's main doors, letting us know that the cars are here, and my dad looks over at me with his mouth drawn into a thin line, a little worried. Because it's time to go, and he's well aware that Jackson's missing.
I wave to my dad, swallowing my last bite of cheeseburger, and head immediately for the door to the hall, intending to check Jackson's guest suite to see if he's ready-
But there's no need, because before I've even taken three steps, Jackson appears.
And, as it so frequently does these days when I see him, my mouth drops open.
But this time, it's not a good thing.
"Jacks!" I gasp, quickly closing the distance between un and looking worriedly over his jeans, his casual flannel button-down, the brown jacket draped over his arms. I mean, he looks good, but... "Why - where's your tux!? Didn't mom get you one!?" I look anxiously over my shoulder at the waiting crowd, some of whom have noticed Jackson's appearance and look worriedly over at us, and some of whom are still oblivious.
"Ariel," Jackson says, putting a hand out on my shoulder and smiling down at me. "No, she did, I just "
"Well, why aren't you wearing it!?"
Jackson sighs, and holds my gaze, but he doesn't say anything. It only takes me half a second to figure out the answer to my own question.
"You're not coming?" I whisper, stepping closer to him so that the fur of my coat brushes against his chest, so that I'm staring up into his sapphire eyes.
"Ariel," he murmurs, raising a hand to tuck my hair back behind my ears, gazing down at me, his expression sorry to see me so dismayed. "I'll just be a distraction -"
"No, you won't!" I insist, meaning it and shaking my head. Anger starts to roll in me, a bit, because Jackson - he always thinks he's an imposition, but I always want him by my side. Why does he keep insisting he'll be a bother? "Jacks, I want you to come! We all want you to come!" I gesture vehemently back towards my family, nearly spilling what's left of the champagne from the glass still in my hand.
###Chapter 0330
Chapter 0330
Jacks sighs and deftly takes the glass from me, setting it on a table by his side as he speaks. "Luca doesn't want me to come," he murmurs, raising an eyebrow at me.
"Oh, Luca won't even know you're there," I say, waving a hand to dismiss the idea. "Seriously, Jacks"
"No, seriously, Ariel," he says, his tone a little sharper than I've heard from him before. I go still, looking up into his face, realizing that Jackson is asserting himself. Which I certainly want him to do - I just...am not used to it. He sighs and takes my face between his palms, stepping close, speaking more softly now. "I'm fine with it, okay? This is Luca's big night, he's worked hard for it, he deserves the spotlight. And he deserves your full attention. And beyond that, you deserve to have a night where you just get to concentrate on him - I know that if I'm there you'll check yourself, always looking over your shoulder to make sure that I'm okay."
I sigh too, my expression falling as I gaze up at my sweet, thoughtful mate. "I just...always want you to be okay."
"I know," he murmurs, slipping his hand around to the back of my head and wrapping his other arm around me, pulling me close, bringing my head to his chest so I can hear his words rumbling as he speaks them. "Take the night, Ariel. Feel what it's like to be Luca's mate, to give him your full attention. I think that's...important."
"Why is it important?" I murmur, hating the idea of Jackson not being there, of him missing it.
"Because," he says, and I turn my head up to look into his face again when I hear the smirk in his voice. "When you pick me, Ariel, I want it to be with the full knowledge of what life would be like as Luca's mate - all the highs and lows. I'm not going to be accepting any accusations that I sabotaged his chances by always hanging around you, spoiling your good time."
"I would never accuse you of that!" I gasp.
"Yeah," he says, smirking and laughing a little. "But he would."
And I can't help it - I grin, and stare up at him. "I think you're too good, McClintock," I whisper, shaking my head a little. "That maybe you should play dirty, every once in awhile."
"Oh, I've got plenty of time to play dirty with you, Clark," he murmurs, his voice hitting that low register that makes my eyes flutter half shut. He takes my chin in his hands, then, sharp, and pulls me up onto my toes as he dips his head to kiss me. His movements are rougher than usual, his lips hard on mine in a way that lets me know precisely what he's got in store for me in the future.
My wolf responds with a panting little howl, frantically turning in circles, urging me to try to find a way to stay in his arms. To make him come with us, or stay here, or run away to Aunt Cora's beach cottage with him and just live on whatever canned food they've got stocked up there for as long as it lasts -
Because I never, ever want to not feel precisely like this - pressed wann against Jackson's body, tight in his arms.
I have to admit, I'm a little dazed when he pulls away, but his arm tight around me stops me from stumbling.
"Have fun, enjoy yourself," he murmurs, smiling down at me. And his eyes twinkle a bit, like he's daring me to have more fun than I could with him. Because he kind of...knows that it's impossible.
"Ariel?" my mom calls, worried. I glance over my shoulder and see that my family is starting to head out the door. Jackson raises a hand to her, letting her know she's been heard, asking for another moment.
"Jacks," I say, pouting pathetically, a little whine in my voice.
He just laughs and shakes his head at me, moving to step away. But I move with him, not ready to part.
"What will you do tonight?" I ask, really wanting to know.
Because Jackson, alone in the palace, or the city?
What on earth will he get up to?
###Chapter 0331
Chapter 0331
I frown a little, looking Jackson over, wondering what his plans are. I mean, he's dressed - he's got a coat. If he was just going back to his room, he'd be in pajamas, wouldn't he?
"I'm going to go watch the fight in a bar," he says, nodding to me. "Actually, the one I used to work at - I'm going with the guys I used to live with, those three months I lived here."
"The rough boys?"
He grins at me. "Yes, the rough boys," he says, a little laugh in his words. He leans forward, conspiratorial. "Don't worry, Ariel, I can take them."
I frown a little, narrowing my eyes. "And they're taking you to the restaurant you used to work at? With the waitresses?"
Jackson bursts out laughing now, but a vicious little snarl slips from between my teeth.
Because I do not like that. I do not like that at all.
"I can take them too, Princess," he murmurs, running his fingers through my hair passively, not even thinking about it. And as he does I can sense his feelings - that he's putting up one hell of a front right now, and is having quite a bit of trouble not throwing me over his shoulder and just carrying me back upstairs. But also, that he genuinely wants to support me, and let me live and explore my life. Even if he can't really bear to think about what it means to be giving Luca a full night alone with me, he pats that emotion away for my sake.
Or at least, he tries to.
I pass my own warm feelings back to my mate, a promise amongst them that Jackson will get his own night. Very soon.
A little smile curls at the corner of his mouth at that, and he nods.
"No waitresses," I snap, pointing a finger up at his face.
Jackson just laughs and bends a little again, pressing a quick kiss to my mouth. "Have fun, Ariel," he commands, hardly louder than a whisper. "I mean it."
And I sigh and stand on my toes again, pouting heartily at him and bringing my lips close to his, but not kissing. He laughs, seeing my game, and grabs me to him, pressing a long and lingering kiss to my mouth before I laugh and make myself push him away, make myself move towards the door even as I sigh. My head hangs a bit, my wolf howling and turning back towards Jackson, nipping at my heart and urging me to go back.
But my mom is waiting for me at the door, and despite what my wolf thinks, I do really want to go to this fight. So, I straighten my shoulders and do my best not to look back.
"Hey, Princess," Jackson calls from behind me.
I pause, curious and still a little sad, looking back at him. He raises his chin towards me.
"What's the mystery? What do you have going on under that coat?"
Slowly, my mouth curls into a grin. "Oh, baby," I say, and I don't miss the way his shoulders straighten at the way my voice has dropped, at the use of his very secret pet name. "You don't want to know."
"Show me!" he calls, laughing a little, pleased.
But I just keep walking, pretending to ignore him. As I go, though, I let the jacket slip from my shoulders, and then down my back, and then all the way off until it's just dangling from my fingertips, nearly brushing the ground.
Behind me a heavy groan breaks from Jackson, and through our bond I can feel all of his emotions at once. It's a mixed bag of joy, and pride, and the sense that I'm the most beautiful creature he's ever seen, and wonder at how lucky he is to have me, and bitterness that he was a stupid chivalric idiot and sent me off into Luca's arms dressed like this. But what traces along all of it is a great deal of desire, and the urge to chase after me and snatch me back.
I laugh, a little delighted, and I turn to walk backwards for a second so that I can grin at my mate and so that he can see the front of the dress. When I do, Jackson's jaw drops, and he groans again - louder this time- and covers his face with his hands as he turns away from me, muttering curses and turning his head up to the ceiling in regret.
"I told you to come!" I call, teasing and laughing.
Jackson doesn't respond, just sends a rather feral impression to me down the bond, something akin to teeth on skin, and ripping black silk, and panting breath in the dark. A shiver runs through me as I turn away from him, his hands still over his face, and I'm laughing as I catch up with my mom.
"Well done, baby trouble," she whispers, grinning at me and slipping an arm around my shoulders. "Making mommy proud! Now put your coat back on, your dad could still make you go change."
Laughing, I do as I'm told, slipping back into my coat and doing my best to tuck my sadness at Jackson's absence away, to concentrate instead on having fun with my family and supporting Luca. Because Jackson is right - it is Luca's night, and he does deserve my full attention.
###Chapter 0332
Chapter 0332
And even if a little piece of my attention will be at some restaurant bar downtown, baring my teeth at waitresses....well, Luca doesn't need to know that, does he?
"He's too good, that boy," mom says, unable to help a little glance over her shoulder back towards the palace, to where Jackson is presumably still inside.
"I know," I say with a sigh, reaching for the car door, which opens before I can reach it, revealing a great deal of light and laughter inside the limousine as our family waits for us. "But...he gets to make his own choices too."
"That's right," she says, leaning forward to press a kiss to my cheek. And then she gives me a little push towards the car, laughing, urging me to get inside and have fun. And so I do.
Inside our limousine the atmosphere is very bright and vivid, and I'm already smiling as the car pulls away.
"Your highness," Ben murmurs from his spot next to me, slipping a glass of white wine into my hands. "I think you were perhaps wanting this."
"Thank you, Benny," I say with a sigh, grinning and putting my head on his shoulder for a second. "You're so thoughtful."
"Yes, well, I remember that one time when my insanely gorgeous mate declined to attend the national sporting event of my insanely gorgeous other mate," he says, his voice soft and whistful. "It was hard."
I burst out laughing and give Ben a hearty smack on the chest, making him grin. He holds my gaze for a second, letting me know that he really does understand and that he's here for me if I need him. I nod, grateful for my pal, and we turn back to the group when hear a loud pop of champagne.
"To Luca Grant!" Roger says across the huge, packed limo, raising the foaming bottle high before starting to pour it out into delicate flutes. "May he make me a great deal of money tonight!"
"You bet again!?" Cora gasps, smacking him and making him spill the champagne a bit.
Roger just grins at her, pouring quickly and passing the glasses around. On his other side, Jesse laughs, clearly enjoying the drama. "I basically had to, Cora," Roger says, looking at her with wide-eyed innocence and glancing my way. "He is Ariel's mate - I have to support the family -"
Cora rolls her eyes at him and turns away, sipping her champagne, but she perks up a bit when Roger murmurs something in her ear about using the winnings to buy her a new beach house. I grin, sipping at my white wine and looking around the limo at my family and friends, my spirits starting to rise.
I turn my head a little with interest when I note that Daphne is seated on Jesse's other side, and that Rafe is on her left. I wonder, passively, what's going on there - because I know they had their little midnight date down in the kitchens but... has that been all?
Or have there been developments of which I have not heard?
As I consider it, studying Daphne and Rafe, my eyes catch again on the color of Jesse's jacket. And I realize that it's almost the perfect companion to Daphne's dress...
Almost as if he...planned that.
My eyes narrow a little and I lean forward a bit, studying further. Did he plan that?
Daphne catches me looking and raises her eyebrow, questioning. I flick my eyes between Rafe and Jesse, asking silently what's going on there.
Daphne goes still for a second but then is suddenly magically distracted, a smirk on her lips as she looks up at the ceiling studying the patterned lights there. I laugh and turn away, letting her have her secrets. For now.
"To Luca!" Dad calls out, raising his glass of champagne after they've all gone around. Mom and I are the last to get them, and I laugh a little as I glance between my two drinks, wondering if I'm going to be drunk before I even arrive at the fight. "And to Moon Valley!" Dad continues. "This is a big night for our family," he says, raising a glass towards me, "but also for our nation. Let's all cross our fingers that Luca shows that Atalaxians what we're made of!"
Everyone cheers, and raises their glasses, and clinks them together. I join in, perhaps more enthusiastic than most, but as I do a little anxiety begins to twist in me. Because there's a great deal riding on my mate today, and he had a rough morning.
I just hope, very much, that he was able to pull himself together in time for this fight, to get his head in the right space. Because I really, really want him to win.
I grin, tossing the rest of my champagne back as the limo pulls up outside the stadium where the fight will be held, my anxiety mixing with my excitement. Because we're here! And we're all about to find out whether Luca's as good as his swagger would have us believe.
###Chapter 0333
Chapter 0333
"I should probably know more about boxing," I murmur to Rafe, at my side, as we get out of the car to the flashes and the shouts of the paparazzi.
My handsome brother laughs warmly down at me, offering his arm. "Yes, you probably should," he murmurs. "Considering who you're mated to. What do you know?"
I give him a tiny frown and a shrug as the rest of our family and friends climb out of the limo. "You know, all the basics."
His grin deepens. "Which are?"
"Punch punch. Jab jab." I give him a blissful Princess smile, making him laugh. "The one who knocks the other over the most wins!"
"A bit more complicated than that," he says, looking around as the last of our party emerges from the car and offering his arm." But sure, those are the basics. Ready?"
"Ready!" I say, grinning at him and wrapping a hand around his proffered elbow. This is all very deliberate, of course. My family talked it through earlier and decided that I should enter the stadium on Rafe's arm while the paparazzi take their pictures, as everyone knows he's my brother and that we're close. No use stoking the media fire by going in on Ben's arm or something.
The photographers lining the red carpet shout our names as we walk in. I hear my name more than I'm used to people usually call for mom and dad and Rafe much more than they do me. But this time there are a thousand questions for me - asking if I'm Luca's mate, if we're in love, if I'm pregnant with his child. I burst out laughing at this one, and Rafe laughs with me, but neither of us say anything.
Instead, our whole party moves smoothly inside, giving little smiles and waves when necessary. When we get in there's a group of security there who begin to escort us to the Royal Box, but I drop Rafe's arm and turn back to Daphne, who walked in with Ben." So?" I say, grinning at both of them as we're swept along pretty quickly. "Did you enjoy your first red carpet experience?"
"Of course," Daphne says, grinning and flicking her hair back over her shoulders. "I was born for the spotlight." Her voice is mock smug, and she lifts her chin haughtily, but we both burst out laughing when our eyes meet.
"You were, Daph!" I say, laughing and looping my arm with hers.
She grins, shaking her head at me. "It's all a bit of a dream, isn't it, Ari? But I'm having so much fun. And I'm so glad we're friends."
I smile at Daphne, nodding my agreement as I give her arm a little squeeze, pleased to be here with her too. I glance back over my shoulder next to check on the rest of my loved ones, pleased also to see my parents looking so happy, and Markie and Juniper looking around with excitement.
Yes, I think, nodding to myself. It's going to be a very good night.
When we get up to the box, there are already a few people there - my grandpa Henry, of course, alongside some close family friends and some of dad's government associates whom he invited to join us. All people I've known my whole life. When enter the box Ben heads to the bar with Rafe and Jesse, but I tug Daphne forward so that we can get a look of the stadium. I stop to give my grandpa a kiss on the check before I dart to the low wall at the front edge of the box, eager to see out view of the ring.
A big cheer goes out when Daphne and I appear within sight of the public already gathered in the stadium and she gasps a little, taking a step back. "What do we do?" she asks, her eyes wide.
"Just say hi," I say, shrugging and giving a little wave around, which elicits a bigger cheer. Daphne hesitates but then likewise waves, and the crowd cheers again, though I'm not sure they know who she is. But it doesn't seem to matter - the crowds are ready to celebrate tonight, and they embrace Daphne as one of us. Which, of course, she is.
I smile around at the gigantic stadium, at the crowds already beginning to fill it. We're at the top of the first level of the stadium, our box jutting out just a little bit, but there's really not that much distance at all between the low wall before us and the seats below - so close that it wouldn't be hard, really, for someone to jump up here. Of course, we have security to stop anyone from climbing up - but honestly, it's never been much of a problem.
In front of us, and a little below, is the ring, and a swell of excitement goes through me as I see it. The lights are already on it, reflecting off the white canvas so brightly that it almost glows.
"You ready for this?" Jesse asks, coming to stand next to me. He presses a glass of white wine into my hands and passes what looks like a gin and tonic to Daphne. "Reports came in this morning - apparently your boy is going to have one hell of a fight."
###Chapter 0334
Chapter 0334
"He is?" I ask, my eyes going wide. I pass my drink back to Jesse for a moment and slip my jacket from my shoulders, suddenly feeling warmer, probably from the anxiety his words produced.
"Yup," Jesse says, nodding to me seriously. "The Alalaxians have apparently brought one hell of a fighter."
I don't really know what that means, but it can't be good. I take my drink back from Jesse and squeeze it between my palms. "Don't let that rattle you, Ari," Rafe says, and I turn to see him on Daphne's other side, looking at me seriously. "Luca's one hell of a fighter - he's the champ for a reason, nobody in Moon Valley can touch him in the boxing ring -"
"Although Rafe can beat him at wrestling and other forms of hand-to-hand stuff," Jesse says, gesturing to my brother and then pressing his hand delicately to his chest, "and I, obviously, beat him in all trials of wit."
Daphne and I burst out laughing at this, but Rafe just ignores him. "And despite what Luca's uncle thinks," Rafe continues, drawing my gaze back to him, "being at the Academy all semester only made Luca better. He's strong as hell now, and faster than he's ever been. I think his odds are good."
I bite my lip with anxiety, glancing back towards Jesse, wondering if Rafe is just saying that to me to make me feel better. But Jesse gives me a serious nod, letting me know that it's true and he agrees with Rafe.
I open my mouth to ask more questions, to try to learn how the scoring works, but suddenly I hear my dad call my name, and we all turn to him.
Dad stands against the low wall at the edge of the box about ten feet away, his arms crossed, glaring at me. My mom is pressed innocently to his side, smiling prettily like butter can't melt in her mouth. I grin too, taking up mom's patented defense, as dad's eyes deliberately move over me, up and down, and he cocks a clearly displeased eyebrow at my dress. Then he snaps his fingers once and points to the ground in front of him, his command clear.
"Come on, Rafe!" I say cheerfully, grabbing my brother's arm and tugging him over.
"No way!" he hisses, digging his heels in. "He wants you, Ariel - he's probably wondering where the other half of your dress is -" "Daphne made this dress," I inform my brother sharply, raising my eyebrows at him, trying to make him feel guilty.
It works, and Rafe's mouth drops open, and he glances back towards Daphne, who is laughing, watching us with a bit of glee as Jesse steps closer to her side. "It's a beautiful dress," Rafe says, shaking his head like he didn't mean it like that. "Dad's just not going to "
"Ariel!" Dad barks, pulling both of our attention to him. "Rafe! Over here! Now!"
"Seeee," I say, tugging on my brother's arm again. "He wants you too!"
Rafe sighs, and hangs his head, and accompanies me to have a quick chat with our glowering father and beaming mother.
As we step away, Jesse steps closer to Daphne, taking a sip of his whiskey. "What do you think, will Dominic Sinclair just make Ariel wear his suit coat all night to cover her up? Or will he banish you for dressing the Princess as the brazen hussy she is inside?"
Daphne laughs and turns towards him, smacking him on the arm. "Ariel looks beautiful, and I don't think Mr. Sinclair really cares," she says, grinning up into Jesse's smirking face. "I think he just likes to keep his kids on their toes."
"Look at you," Jesse murmurs, one corner of his lips turning up, "calling the King mister, calling the Crown Prince and the Princess kids. Getting awfully comfortable with the royals, are we?"
Daphne just huffs a laugh and leans closer, narrowing her eyes. "Getting a little jealous, are we? I mean, even Luca's Gran probably knows who I am at this point," she grins and tosses her hair back over her shoulder. "Can't say the same for you."
Jesse bursts out laughing at this, his head tilting back, and Daphne laughs too, delighting a bit to see him do it. It's always very satisfying to break Jesse Sinclair out of his playful, sarcastic persona - to surprise him, and see him genuinely laugh, to get more than a wry quip or a joke on top of a joke.
Yes, stopping Jesse Sinclair in his tracks....it's more satisfying than Daphne knew it would be.
When he brings his head back up, Jesse gives Daphne a sunny smile and shakes his head. "It's a shame you have to go home after the fight," he says, and the happiness with which he says makes Daphne realize that it's not just conversation, or a compliment. That he really means it. "Anything we can do to make you stay? You could bring your mom to the palace for Midwinter."
"Not to your house?" Daphen asks, tilting her head.
Jesse gives her a slow smile. "You want to come spend Midwinter at my house, Daphne?"
###Chapter 0335
Chapter 0335
"I don't know," Daphne says, tilting her head and narrowing her eyes a little in a challenge. "Are your Midwinter cookies any good?"
Jesse sighs sharply. "Nah, our cookies are crap."
Daphne bursts out laughing again, and Jesse goes with her.
"Seriously," Jesse continues, shaking his head. "Mom isn't particularly domestic, so all our cookies are store bought, and they're gone in like eight seconds. You have to fight to the death to get your hands on one. Chase - he'll bite you, and Bella, she has this really pointy stick -"
"Oh, I'm sure it's not all that bad," Daphne murmurs, still grinning, her eyes slipping down over Jesse even though she didn't mean them to.
"No," he sighs, leaning against the wall and giving her a smile. "I assure you, it is. In fact, mom, dad, and I aren't out on the town tonight - the children have staged a coup and barred us from the house. It's chaos over there - complete child anarchy. We fear that we're going to return home to all of the living room furniture torn to pieces, scrapped for firewood and spare parts for their tree fort."
"And yet, something tells me that's precisely how you like it," Daphne says, leaning against the wall with her chin in her hand, studying him.
"Well," he says, leaning a little closer like it's a great secret. "Someone had to teach them what a coup was. And they let me sleep in the yard, which is more than they allow mom and dad. I get a little bowl of scraps and a torn blanket when I come begging."
Daphne laughs again, light.
"Come on," Jesse murmurs, his face falling into more serious lines. "Stay. It's...good, having you here."
"Is it?" she asks, wrinkling her nose a little bit. "I've barely seen you, Jess."
"Well," he sighs, leaning a little closer, folding his arms on the wall so that his face is level with hers. He hardly blinks as he stares at her, his eyes moving slowly over her face. "That's not my fault, is it? Someone is letting her time be rather monopolized by one of my cousins. And not the cousin I would prefer."
Daphne's mouth twists a bit as she fights a smile. "And which cousin would you prefer?"
"Oh, Mark, for sure." Jesse says, his eyebrows going up, completely honest. Daphne bursts into laughter. "Mark is a lot of fun - he knows a lot of strange animal facts." She laughs harder. "Honestly, Daphne, its for your own edification, really! You should definitely hang out exclusively with Mark."
Daphne laughs harder now, her eyes almost shutting as she does, and Jesse can't help it. He leans closer, just incrementally, breathing deeply from the air between them, hoping desperately that she doesn't notice the way that her scent - nutmeg, and fresh linen, and spicy white roses - makes his shoulders unwind, his breath echo more deeply in his chest.
But if she does notice, she doesn't let him know. She just smiles and shakes her head a little, like she doesn't know what to do with him.
"Come on, Daph," he murmurs, staring into her eyes. "Stay. We so rarely get pretty girls around here, especially ones who make me laugh like that."
"Jesse," Daphne murmurs, hanging her head a little, her stomach tightening in a way that surprises her. And then she lifts her head, slowly meeting his eyes again. "I thought you weren't going to hit on me anymore? Just...be my friend?"
He stares at her for a long moment before he sighs, and smiles slightly, and lets his lashes fall down over his eyes. "Apologies, Daph," he murmurs. "You'll have to let a man have his weaknesses, especially at Midwinter." He raises his head again, holding her gaze steadily with his own. "And especially when the weakness itself looks very pretty in her red dress."
Daphne can't help it. She bites her lip, and grins, and stares into Jesse Sinclair's brown eyes. Inside, her wolf trips over her own feet as she turns towards Jesse, shocked.
"Won't happen again," Jesse says softly, giving Daphne a little wink and standing up straight before he downs the rest of his drink in one go. "Because you are right. We are... friends." He straightens his shoulders and looks down at his glass before looking back up at Daphne with a grin. "Well, I need a refill. You?" He nods towards her half-full gin and tonic.
"I think I'm okay for right now," she says, watching him carefully.
Jesse just nods once and strides away.
And Daphne watches him go. Every step.
"That's one hell of a dress, young lady," dad says to me, a little bit of a growl in his voice.
"Juniper stole mine!" I say, my face the picture of innocence as I point at my little sister, completely ratting her out. My mom works very hard to hide her smirk. "This was the only thing that was left in my closet."
###Chapter 0336
Chapter 0336
Dad's frown deepens, so I double down.
"Mom said I look pretty," I say, quickly shifting my hand so I point at her now. Mom gasps a little in protest at my betrayal, but dad ignores it all.
"You do look pretty, Ariel," he says, his words even and slow. I drop my hand with a grin, realizing that I'm not actually in trouble and he's not going to send me home to get changed. "I just hope you've thought quite deeply about this wardrobe choice. It is... bold. And it makes a big statement about how you are not a little girl anymore. Are you ready for that?"
I straighten my shoulders, raising my chin a bit. "I can handle it."
Dad holds my gaze for a second and then nods, the matter ended. I grin, pleased in his faith in me. Dad drops his head for a second, loosing a breath and taking a sip of his whiskey, and my heart goes out to him in this moment. Because he's had to handle a great deal of me growing up in a very short amount of time, hasn't he?
And he's been so good about it.
Impulsive, I take a few steps forward and wiggle myself in between my parents, slipping an arm around my dad's waist and leaning into him. My mom smiles, and moves a step aside, letting me wedge myself between them as dad wraps an arm around me, accepting my gesture of warm thanks for being such a good dad.
He gives me a little smile, and then kisses me quickly on the forehead before looking around at the four of us. He glances over at Markie and Juniper, who are chatting with grandpa, I think wondering for a second if he should include them. But then he decides against it.
"The Atalaxians will be coming in soon," dad says, dropping his voice low so as not to be overheard. I perk up a little, interested in this change of conversation. "It's a peace delegation but... Roger and I are very curious about why they're choosing to send one at this point in the war."
"Why this point?" mom asks, her voice likewise low. "What's special about it?"
"What's special is that they're winning," dad says, his voice full of dread as he confesses something which is certainly not public knowledge. My eyes move to Rafe, and by the way he stands up a little straighter, his mouth tightening, I can see that this is news to him as well.
Dad nods, looking steadily around at all of us before he continues. "It doesn't make sense that they'd send a peace delegation when they've got the upper hand. So," he glances now to the set of stadium seating which is still clearly empty, which has been set aside for them. "I'd appreciate it if you kept your eyes on them tonight. I know we'll be distracted - and especially you, Ariel," he nods to me in particular here, "but...we're not just here for fun tonight. We have a duty to our nation. Please keep your eyes peeled and be ready to report anything of note. Yes?"
As one, the three of us nod, agreeing to be vigilant.
And then dad stands a little straighter, lifting his glass towards us in a clear end to the conversation. "Go have fun," he says softly, his voice rumbling a little. Mom, of course, stays close to his side, turning worried eyes up to him, but Rafe and I take the dismissal seriously, turning away.
Rafe glances down at me for a moment, but when I look steadily up at him - letting him know I'm all right with it - he just nods and we move back to where Daphne now stands alone.
"Hey," she says, grinning at us as we come over. Rafe moves to her side and my mouth falls open a little bit when he slides an arm around her waist. She looks between us, either not noticing my shock or pretending not to. "Am I going to be banished? Has the decree landed?"
"For the dress?" Rafe asks, raising his eyebrows and smirking at her. "No, actually, mom wants three just like it in a variety of colors. Can you do pastels, for spring?"
Daphne laughs, grinning up into his face, and I still just stare between them realizing that that they're on a date. That it's not just that Daphne came as part of our party - that she's here tonight with Rafe.
Oh my god, my brother is actually dating my friend!
###Chapter 0337
Chapter 0337
An eager smile bursts onto my lips as I finally realize the truth of it, because I'm suddenly so happy for Daphne. Didn't she say that she had a celebrity crush on Rafe, that she had for awhile?
Good for her! Daphne! Lonely Academy seamstress, crushing on the Crown Prince from afar, and now here she is! Living the dream!
Daphne glances over at me and does a double take when she sees my expression. And then she laughs, and blushes a little, realizing what I've figured out. Rafe follows the direction of her gaze and frowns at me a little, not getting it.
"You guys need drinks!?" I say eagerly, looking between them and stepping away. "I'll get you drinks! I'll go away - and get drinks - and leave you here - alone." I turn quickly, heading for the bar.
"Ariel!" Rafe calls after me, confused. "We...don't need drinks! We have drinks!"
"Rafe," Daphen says, laughing a little, "she knows we have drinks."
I scurry away regardless, happy for my friend, happy for my brother - who could do far worse than Daphne - towards where Jesse and Ben are standing at the bar, both of them looking moody.
"What?" I ask, my face falling a little as I look between them. "What's wrong? What's bad?"
"Nothing's bad, Ariel," Jesse says, tucking his mood away and turning to the bartender to order me another white wine. I look down at my empty hands, wondering where the last one went - I don't remember putting it down - but then I shrug and just accept the new one. "We're just "
Jesse doesn't finish his words, though, because suddenly the stadium falls silent. The three of us turn, looking for the cause, but we can't see it. Suddenly the sound of steady, marching footsteps fills the whole arena. My face screws up in confusion because... what the hell could that be?
"Come on," Jesse murmurs, striding now for the edge of the Box, where Rafe and Daphne still stand. Ben and I glance at each other, but then eagerly follow.
When we get to the edge, my eyes go wide when I see the cause of both the silence and the strange marching noise.
A group of people begin to fill the empty set of stands in front of them, those set aside for the visiting delegation. They walk in military precision down the steps towards the seats, filling them one-by-one in orderly lines without hesitation. As they do, I realize that they must have planned this - planned every inch of it. Discovered how many seats were in the stadium, decided who would sit where, then given specific orders about how to enter the stadium so as to have this very precise effect.
And I have to admit, their efforts pay off. While the citizens of Moon Valley entered the stadium in a cheerful mess, everyone taking their seats haphazardly with an excited buzz going around, the Atalaxian delegation here has clearly shown that they are... much more orderly, precise, and serious than we are.
I gulp a little, watching them, talking in their dark uniforms, their slick-backed hair. And as I do, I realize that every single person in that delegation is a man, is an Alpha, and is incredibly dangerous.
But while this display is clearly meant to intimidate, I find that it...kindles something in me. I raise my chin as I step forward to stand with my brother, lifting a hand to rest lightly on the low wall of our box. Because while these men might have a great deal of power and control, I'm aware that it was bought at the expense of the women in their world, and the poor, and the disenfranchised. Each of which these Alphas bend to their own will, reaping the benefits alongside the control.
Everything they stand for goes against everything I hold to be true, and real, and important in this world. Our nation is fighting for the right of everyone to pursue their happiness, however they define that. These people? They believe that the rights and happiness of many can and should be sacrificed to benefit the men of the ruling class.
###Chapter 0338
Chapter 0338
And as my brother stands next to me and my cousin comes to my other side, I refuse to let myself be intimidated by these horrible
men.
Not by their cruelty. Not by their brute control.
No, I won't be cowed by it.
And by the low growls that I can almost feel rumbling in Rafe and Jesse's chests, I know that they feel precisely the same.
As the last of the Atalaxians file in, the stadium is quiet for a long moment. And then, slowly, our people begin to talk again, to make noise, to shake off the control that these men just demanded with their display. After a moment my shoulders loosen, and Jesse and Rafe begin to move too, and Daphne and Ben step closer so that we form a little circle.
"I've never seen an Atalaxian before," Daphne says, her voice low. "I didn't realize they'd be so...disciplined."
Ben just looks down at his feet, perfectly silent, and I frown at him for a second, wondering if he's all right. I'm distracted, though, when Rafe begins to speak.
"They're disciplined in everything they do," Rafe says, with a little bit of a sigh. "It's kind of their whole vibe - it's the only thing that they do."
"My mom told me that your mom has a connection over there," Jesse says, his voice serious for once as he looks at Rafe and nods towards the Atalaxians. "An old friend. Do you know if he's here? It could be beneficial."
Rafe sighs and glances over at the Atalaxian delegation. "Unfortunately, no. He's become someone of a persona-non-grata over there. After he and mom developed their friendship, he started advocating hard for peace. It made him very unpopular with his family, the royals, but...he made some inroads, I think."
I frown a little, because I didn't know mom had a friend in Atalaxia. I make a mental note to ask her about it, but before I can do anything a huge cheer begins to echo in the stadium. And then suddenly the lights drop, and a huge boom of bass music echoes throughout the stadium - so deep and low that I can feel it throughout my whole body.
"Holy crap!" Jesse whispers, his face bursting into an eager grin despite the serious talk from a moment before. "It's starting!" The music changes now, raising into something rhythmic, pulsing, and intense. Lights start to flash with the music - red and purple, then blue and gold with white lights flashing all around. I gasp, because Jesse is right, and we all immediately break our little circle and press against the edge of the box, staring down at the ring. Jesse and Rafe stand steady on either side of me, Ariel to Rafe's right. Ben, I think, is standing on her far side - but I've lost track of him a bit.
Because it's time for the fight now.
And for better or worse, Luca's going to come out soon, and face this Atalaxian champion - whoever the hell that is.
I glance up at the Atalaxian delegation which stands stoically, not clapping or cheering at all like the residents of Moon Valley. And as I run my eyes over them...
I realize, truly now, that much more rests on Luca's shoulders than I think I knew before.
Because the Atalaxians...they've got something up their sleeve here, don't they?
They're here for more than peace, more than a match.
And somehow, it all starts with this.
With my mate, Luca Grant against...whatever it is they're bringing out to face him.
###Chapter 0339
Chapter 0339
My stomach twists uncomfortably and I put my glass of wine down on the wall in front of us, not sure if I can have any more, not sure that I'll be able to keep it down. I'm suddenly so worried about Luca.
Not that I think he can't handle himself - I just have...no idea what the Atalaxians are going to throw at him right now.
"Calm, calm," Rafe murmurs to me, putting a steady hand at the center of my back. "Nothing good or bad is going to happen just because you're freaking out."
And I laugh a little, snapped out of it by my steady brother, and heave a big sigh.
-
"Do you want some tequila?" he asks, his voice still low as he quirks an eyebrow at me. "You might want some, Ari – you are wound up -"
I grin, glancing over my shoulder again, thinking that that's not half a bad idea, but suddenly my eyes light on something that surprises me.
Ben, sitting in one of the plush black chairs set out for spectators who don't want to stand at the edge of the box, his head in his hands. Instantly I move to him, leaving my glass of wine behind. Rafe turns back to the boxing ring as the announcer comes out, beginning to speak and greet the enthusiastic crowd.
But I ignore it all, moving to Ben's side and bending down to place on hand on his shoulder, another on his curved back. "Benny," I whisper, worried. "Are you - are you okay?"
He shudders a little, and then looks up at me, his face sweaty and his eyes a little unfocused. He doesn't say anything.
"Ben!" I gasp, bending down closer, studying him. He looks - god, honestly, he looks like he saw a ghost. "What's wrong?"
Ben shakes himself suddenly - physically shakes himself, like a dog covered in rain. And then he blinks hard and focuses his eyes on my face. "What?"
"Ben, you're white as a sheet, and all sweaty! What's wrong!?"
"Nothing," he murmurs, shaking his head and looking around, I think embarrassed. "I...must have eaten something."
"You ate what we did!" I protest, and then I straighten a little, assessing the way I feel. Do we all have food poisoning? But...no, I feel completely fine - all of the twists in my stomach are Luca-related. And Ben, now - what could be wrong with him?
Ben focuses his eyes on me again, frowning a little. Not mad at me but....I think not wanting to have this conversation? I don't know. "Too much to drink then," he says, shrugging, dismissive, again shaking his head like he's trying to clear it.
I clench my teeth a little, not wanting to call him a liar, but... I mean, he was perfectly sober a few moments ago. Maybe a little tipsy? But certainly not enough to be drunk. I stare closely at his eyes, checking his pupils. Was he poisoned? There are very specific signs you can look for -
"Ari," Ben says, forcing himself to laugh a little and putting his hands on my shoulders now, pushing me away, just slightly. "I'm fine - I promise, I'm fine. Okay? I just...a little dizzy spell. I'm fine now."
"Benny," I murmur, still worried.
He stares hard at my face, all fa?ade falling, and says two simple words. "Please, Ari."
And I stand up straight, realizing that... that Ben knows what's wrong. He just doesn't want anyone else to, not now. Not yet. And I am totally blowing his cover.
"Okay," I say, nodding, taking a step back, watching him a little anxiously. I tuck my hands behind my back, glancing around, but everyone else is by the edge of the box, clearly paying attention to the announcer.
"You're missing it, Ari," Ben says, gesturing me back towards the wall, his voice guilty.
"Are you sure you're okay?" I whisper.
"I am," he says, pushing himself to his feet. And as he does I see that...well, that his color is coming back. And he does seem... better. "Just...um. Where's the bathroom? I'll freshen up."
"You'd better just be freshening up, Ben," I growl, stepping close to glare at him. "Do not pull a Jackson right now and run away or something."
He laughs, smiling at me. "I promise, Ari," he says, putting his hands on my shoulders. "A little water on my face, and some ice from the bartender. I'll be fine. You know I wouldn't miss this." He lifts his chin towards the edge of the box, to where the announcer is revving up the crowd.
"Okay," I murmur, and then I point to where the bathroom is at the back of the suite.
"LUCAAAAA GRANT!!!!!" The announcer's words echo through the entire stadium, which bursts into a desperate cheer and I gasp, staring towards the edge of the Royal Box, where I promised I'd be.
"Go, Ari!" Ben says, pushing me forward.
I spare him one last glance and then streak towards the wall, pushing my way through my family, settling again between Jesse and Rafe, right in the center of the box.
###Chapter 0340
Chapter 0340
And right in time to see Luca come out of the dark tunnel on the eastern side of the stadium, the lights flashing all around him as a confetti cannon filled with silver and gold rectangles explodes above him, filling the air with fluttering flares of light.
I shout and cheer along with everyone else as Luca raises his gloved fists to the crowd, moving forward in his black robe, which he wears with the hood up over his head. The fabric flows down his body, open at the front, and then streams behind him as he strides steadily forward. And even though a small part of my mind is still worried about Ben, still wanting to check to make sure he's really okay-
I have to admit, most of me is swept away by the sight of my mate moving powerfully towards the ring, shouting out at the crowds, pounding his glove against his chest one moment, then turning in circles and pumping his fists up into the air. The stadium full of people screams his name, riled to a fever pitch.
I can't help it - I shout my support as I clap and grin down at my mate-
My mate!
Mine!
Luca Grant, my mate, so handsome, so powerful, so charismatic. He just looks so confident and good striding down the line of people towards the ring that suddenly all of my worries disappear.
Because who - who on earth could take on that man?
My man.
Jesse nudges me with his elbow, and I flash my eyes away from Luca for a second to see my cousin grinning at me, clearly picking up on my proud energy. And I laugh a little, leaning far over the edge of the box, shouting Luca's name and continuing to cheer for him with all of my heart.
We're all cheering - everyone in the box - everyone in the stadium except the Atalaxians - as Luca stops at the end of the corridor that leads to the boxing ring, stops to duck down and give a woman standing there at the edge a quick kiss on the cheek. When we all realize that it's his mother, the crowd roars louder, loving his support of her. He likewise takes a moment to wrap his Gran in a big hug before moving to his corner of the ring, where his uncle and the rest of his coaching team are waiting with crossed arms.
Bruce Grant pats Luca warmly on the back, his face serious, as Luca climbs up the side of the ring. And then when Luca ducks beneath the ropes, and steps in, and begins to dodge around on the canvas, punching out some practice blows and showing off his footwork, the entire crowd screams louder. I see Luca laugh, loving it, and then he stops his faux boxing to pause in the center of the ring, cupping this boing glove at his at his car and gesturing for everyone to make a great deal of noise.
The crowd complies, to say the least, and the stadium roars with love for our champion - a sound so loud and echoing I have to think that they can hear it in the city all around us. I laugh to hear it, absolutely loving the idea of the entire nation all cheering for my mate.
My heart soars with joy and pride as I clap and cheer, unable to tear my eyes from him. My cheeks ache with smiling so much when I see Luca laugh - laugh, and drop his hands, and simple turn in a circle, soaking in all the love and the support of his people. Because Luca's a showboat, but he loves this the most - loves the fight, and the crowd, and the pride that comes along with it.
Slowly, as he turns, I see his expression change because he's searching now. He narrows his eyes, his smile falling just a bit as he concentrates, scanning the crowd for something. He goes still when his gaze lands on our box.
When his eyes land on me.
And then he bursts into a wide, dimpled grin that carries with it all the love he has for me. I feel it pulse down our bond like a physical blow, hitting me so hard all at once that I stumble back a step, and then I'm laughing, and leaning forward, shaking my head at him a little, sending everything I have down the bond to him -
All of my love, and my support, and my joy, and my pride, and my pleasure. And just a little bit of a hint at how good I think he looks in his little boxing shorts under all that light.
This all passes between us in a blink, and no one is aware of it but us, but when Luca's grin deepens and he raises a single gloved fist and points it directly at me?
The crowd sees it now, and absolutely explodes.
###Chapter 0341
Chapter 0341
Because there's no denying it - no denying who he's pointing to, or what he's smiling about.
And there's absolutely no way to pretend that I'm not laughing, and leaning across this barrier, and grinning at him with joy in every inch of me because I don't feel precisely the same.
The crowd screams their approval of their champion and their Princess, and I let it all run through me, and I pass it to him, and let it bolster him.
My Luca, my mate. Our champion.
Luca laughs a little and stares up at me, almost as if he's unable to take his eyes away, and then he brings his glove to his lips, kisses it once, and holds it back out to me briefly before he turns back to his corner, striding over to speak to his uncle and get his head in the game.
I lean back too, away from the barrier, still smiling like crazy, and when I look around at all of my family and friends I see that they're all looking at me, beaming, and I can't help it. I blush, and laugh, and lift my hands to my cheeks.
Because there's no denying it anymore - the whole nation now knows that Luca Grant is my mate. And I'm so damn proud of it that I don't even care.
I think sensing my happiness, my parents beam at me before they turn back to the ring. And Rafe slips an arm around my shoulders, giving me a little squeeze.
"Baby trouble," Jesse sighs, laughing a little and smiling so hard his eyes crinkle at the edges. "Coming to the boxing match to steal the show."
"I'm not stealing a damn thing," I sigh, crossing my arms and shaking my head as I look down at my Alpha mate, watching him pull his robe off and hand it to his uncle before he slips his mouth guard between his teeth. Then Luca crouches down, nodding seriously to his uncle as he receives his final pep talk, and I can't help but admire his cut muscles, his lovely tanned skin. "This is Luca's night. How can it not be? Just...look at him."
And Jesse nods, and refocuses on the match, just like everyone else in the booth. "Yup, Luca's dreamy all right."
"He sure as hell is," Daphne murmurs, her voice appreciative, and as I laugh and grin at her I don't miss Rafe's tiny jealous scowl. "Damn, did I miss it?" Ben asks, arriving at Daphne's side, and my smile deepens when I see that his skin is back to its normal hue, that his eyes are shiny with excitement again.
"You didn't miss anything, Benny," I assure him, giving him a happy smile that lets him know that I'm glad he's back. Ben gives me a wink and a little nod, letting me know that he's fine.
The mood in the stadium shifts significantly, though, a moment later. I tear my eyes from Ben and quickly move them back to the ring as a huge pulse of bass sound moves through the stadium. My stomach drops as my eyes turn, as everyone else's does, towards where the lights are now lighting the tunnel on the western side of the arena-
The tunnel towards the dressing room of the Atalaxian champion.
I inhale a deep breath as shadows start to appear at the door to the dressing room. I instinctually take a step closer to Rafe, though I don't tear my eyes away from the figures that start to emerge.
"Oh my god," Jesse breathes next to me, but I don't have to ask why.
At the center of the group of people that emerges, walking in time to the pounding music that the stadium plays for them, is an absolutely gigantic man.
My jaw drops when I see the way that he towers over his coaches and trainers, at the way they almost have to scurry to keep up with his long stride.
"What the fuck," Rafe snaps out, and I briefly glance up towards him before fixing my eyes again on the man who can only be the Atalaxian champion, dressed like Luca is in a boxing robe, his fists already laced into his gloves.
"What?" I ask, frantic now, worried at the size of this man but also because Jesse and Rafe - they're not reacting very well either, are they? "What is it? What's wrong?"
###Chapter 0342
Chapter 0342
"He's fucking huge," Jesse whispers, and when I glance at my cousin I see that his brows are knit together as he addresses Rafe over my head.
"Is that bad?" I burst out.
"Of course it's bad, Ari," Rafe growls, though I can tell his anger isn't for me. He flicks his gaze at me before snapping it up to meet Jesse. "This must be some kind of mistake -"
"It's no fucking mistake," Jesse growls out, tossing a hand towards the man as he strides down the corridor towards the ring." Obviously, they've sent a ringer."
Almost as if everyone's realizing it just as Jesse does, the crowd starts to echo with boo's, enough of them to carry out over the pounding music as the Atalaxian champion reaches the ring. The announcer, standing again at the center of the ring, looks around the room anxiously.
"Ladies and Gentlemen of Moon Valley, please welcome your contender - Anton Spiriatos of Atalaxia!" He smiles widely, raising a hand up to try to elicit a cheer, but the boo's just get louder.
"What's a ringer?" I gasp, glancing between my brother, and my cousin, and Luca down in the corner of his ring. Luca leans casually back against the ropes in his corner, perfectly at ease, studying his opponent. I work very, very hard to keep all of my anxiety to myself, not wanting to pass it down our bond.
But god, it's hard. All I want to do is reach out to him - to ask how he feels to see if he's as freaked out as I am.
"A ringer," Rafe growls, soft, in my direction, "is a guaranteed win, a cheat."
"What?" I gasp, spinning my head to stare up at him. "But - but Luca's so good! We were all just saying that he can't possibly lose! You had such faith in him a moment ago!"
"Faith that's well placed," Jesse bites out, again gesturing towards the ring, "when Luca's fighting in his weight class! But this guy - god, Ari, you can see it, I know you can. He outweighs Luca by at least thirty pounds!"
I snap my head back to the ring and assess the boxer again. Jesse's right - the man is much taller than Luca - is potentially as tall as Rafe, and my dad, and Jackson. Maybe taller, even - it's hard to tell from up high in this box. And he's insanely well-muscled. Luca - he's built, certainly, for the fight - but his musculature is much leaner than this man's.
"We have to call this off," Rafe grits, turning towards my dad.
"What!?" I gasp, desperately worried now - because Rafe, he knows what a big deal that is. I move swiftly, peering around my brother to see my dad already there, moving towards us. Daphne and Ben scurry back, making room.
"We can't call anything off," dad says, shaking his head as he meets Rafe's eyes and then mine. "Everything, on paper, is legit." "What?" I ask, stepping forward. Mom peers around dad in the same way that I'm peering around Rafe, and I can tell that she - like me - is deeply concerned but not truly understanding what's going on.
"How is that possible!?" Rafe bursts out. I feel a presence at my back and glance over my shoulder to see Jesse standing right there, backing me up. "That guy is -"
"They did weigh-in yesterday," dad growls, holding Rafe's gaze. "I don't' know how they did it - some kind of trick - but that champion and Luca are somehow in the same class."
"And Luca would never back down," Jesse murmurs, angry.
I look frantically around at my family and friends, trying to put the pieces together, my breath coming quick. "Please," I say, throwing out my hands, stepping forward, begging, "please will someone tell me what is happening here!?"
"Some kind of dirty trick, Ariel," my Uncle Roger says, stepping forward and holding my gaze. "They found a way to lie about their boxer's weight and class, and then sent in that monster as a guaranteed way to take Luca - and Moon Valley - down."
"But..." I say, my eyes wide, glancing down towards Luca now - who still, to his credit, looks perfectly confident. "Isn't that... dangerous?"
"It's incredibly dangerous," Roger replies, his voice low.
###Chapter 0343
Chapter 0343
I snap my eyes back to my uncle and a rush of gratitude runs through me that he's not lying or sugar coating this to make me feel better. "Luca could get seriously hurt if he fights," Roger says, holding my gaze.
"Well, don't let him fight!" I gasp, spinning back to the edge of the box, leaning over it and staring horrified at Luca, who pushes himself up from the ropes and moves to the center of the ring, where the Atalaxian boxer is moving as well.
Rafe grabs my arm, holding me back. "It's too late, Ari," Rafe growls. "He's clearly taking the fight. He knows what's at stake. He's seeing what we're seeing and he knows what it means better than we do, surely. But clearly, he's taking it."
I watch in horror as Luca steps close to the Atlaxian champion, staring with grit up into his face, Luca's arms hanging loose at his sides. There's confidence in every line of him - so much of it that it makes me second-guess how freaked out I am.
Luca - he's stubborn, but he's not stupid, right?
If this match gave him no chance to win - surely he'd back down.
Right?
"Maybe we're over-reacting," Jesse murmurs, glancing between me, and Rafe, and the rest of our family and friends. "Luca's beat bigger guys before - he kicks your ass all the time at school, Rafe."
"Jackson too," Ben adds, stepping closer and glancing at me, I think wanting to offer support and encouragement. My eyes go up a little bit at this - Luca beats Jackson?
"Yeah, he beats us in boxing, because Luca's a trained championship boxer," Rafe says, casting a hand out towards the ring. "Just like that guy right there. The size difference means more when they both have the same education and experience."
Ben just shakes his head, crossing his arms. "Luca is...a bulldog," he murmurs, staring down into the ring. "I hear what everyone's saying - but Luca's fast, and he's determined. Small guys win fights all the time. I'm not counting him out just yet."
I find my gaze following Ben's, focusing on my mate down below as he stares up at the Atalaxian champion, both of them listening to the ref's instructions and nodding their agreement to a fair fight.
I jump a little as the Ref claps his hands, hard, once, and then Luca and the Atalaxian champion spring away from each other, tapping their gloves against each other just once before moving to their respective sides of the ring.
And then the bell goes off, and my spine stiffens, and my eyes go wide as I place my hands on the wall of our box. Because the debate is over now.
The fight has started.
And for better or worse, Luca's in it.
The announcer's voice comes over the loudspeaker, speaking so swiftly that he almost sounds like an auctioneer. As Luca and the Atalaxian circle each other, the announcer quickly gives a short biography of both. Luca's I know - but the Atalaxian's history as a decorated soldier on the front line of the war?
That does nothing to settle my nerves.
Suddenly, the two boxers engage, and I gasp at the speed with which they move. The Atalaxian's right arm shoots out, quick as an adder, heading right for Luca's head -
But Ben was right, and my face bursts into a smile when I see that Luca is faster than he is. Luca ducks low, letting the arm float over his head, and then uses the power of his crouch to launch himself back up, twisting his body and swinging a mighty left hook directly into the Atalaxian's face.
The Atalaxian goes stumbling and the crowd suddenly roars for Luca, me with them. Luca - my bold mate- laughs, of all things, watching his opponent gain his feet. Hope and faith swells in me then, as well as guilt for doubting him -
Because Luca, abandon a fight just because the other guy is bigger than him?
Well, he's never done it before. Why would he start now?
When the Atalaxian finds his feet again, Luca's face falls into more serious lines and he puts his fist back up, getting back into is serious boxer's stance. The two continue to dance around each other, trading what feel like more cursory, experimental blows, each of them looking for an opening.
I glance up at Jesse, and then at Rafe, always returning my eyes to the ring, not wanting to miss any of it. "What are you seeing?" I murmur, wanting their opinion.
"Luca's a better boxer," Rafe murmurs back, and my eyes flick to the right when I see Daphne move closer, squeezing in front of Rafe so that he looks over her head. He puts a casual hand on her waist as she moves closer to me, pressing her arm briefly against mine to let me know that she's here.
###Chapter 0344
Chapter 0344
I give her a little smile, grateful for her support, and then turn my attention back to my brother.
"Luca's better?" I ask, looking back towards the ring. "How do you know?"
"Watch how he moves," Rafe instructs, and I do as I'm bid. "See how Luca's always one step ahead? He knows what the Atalaxian is going to do before he does it."
I watch carefully and blink when I realize that Rafe is right - that Luca's running the show down there. Every time the Atalaxian swings his fist, Luca's already on it- either dodging the punch, or twisting to absorb it on his side, or taking the hit and using the opening to deliver a more powerful blow himself.
I lean forward, eager, watching Luca deliver a seriously powerful set of three jabs to the Atalaxian's face, so fast that his opponent barely has time to register them before they're all delivered. The Atalaxian stumbles back, blood dripping from his nose, and the crowd goes wild as the ref steps in - putting his hands out between them so that the Atalaxian has a moment to wipe at his face.
Luca takes that moment to turn towards the crowds, raising his fist up and shouting out at all of us, raising a huge cheer from the vast majority of the people in the stadium - indeed, only the Atalaxians are silent.
It's only then when I realize that we've all been so quiet - and that Luca noticed. That everyone noticed that the foreign champion outweighs Luca, and that Luca's chances got a lot harder. That we all got worried and lost a bit of faith.
But Luca - he's not letting that happen,
As the Atalaxian puts his fists up again, Luca shouts out to the crowd, raising his hands, asking for their support. Our nation's people give it, instantly, loving our champion for his spirit and his skill. Only when we're cheering again at that fever pitch does Luca turn back to his opponent, and I can almost feel the excitement and bloodlust pulsing through my mate's veins.
I grin down at him, bolstered, excited again.
My mate - he's going to win this.
I can feel it.
Only Jesse's tension at my side throws me off.
"What?" I ask, glancing up at Jesse, who has his arms crossed and who isn't
cheering along with the rest of us as the round continues. "What's wrong? What are you thinking?"
He glances at me and shakes his head. "Luca's the better fighter, Ariel, that's absolutely undeinable."
"So?" I ask, pushing him. He grimaces a little like he doesn't want to tell me, so I smack him on the arm, getting frustrated. *Jesse! Tell me!"
He huffs a frustrated sigh and then glances between me and the ring. "Luca can be the better fighter, and have all the support, and be winning every round all he wants, Ari. But thirty pounds of muscle isn't something to discount. One good hit - that's all the Atalaxian champion needs."
"What do you mean?" I ask, my face falling, my words breathless.
"I mean," Jesse says, under his breath a little now, his voice almost guilty that he has to break the news to me this way, "that Luca can win every round in points, but if he gets knocked out?" Slowly, Jesse shakes his head. "Then, it doesn't matter how good he is. The Atalaxian still wins."
I bite my lip, turning back to the ring, anxious again.
I turn my eyes to the enemy now, watching him absorb blow after blow from Luca's fists as if they're nothing. His eyes are fixed, patient, on my mate's face and body. Waiting.
Waiting for that one opening - the only one he'll need.
To deliver the blow that ends the whole thing.
"God damn it," I whisper, suddenly terrified.
"We have to wait, Ari," Jesse murmurs, stepping closer to me, wanting to keep the faith just as much as I do. "Twelve rounds. He just has to make it through twelve rounds, and he'll walk away from this just fine."
"What happens if he doesn't make it twelve rounds?" I whisper, turning frightened eyes up to my cousin.
But Jesse just grimaces and turns his face back to the match before us.
His silence is answer enough.
###Chapter 0345
Chapter 0345
The bell rings again suddenly, making me jump, but Luca and the Atalaxian drop their fists mid-fight and turn away from each other, each heading immediately to their respective corners. I know enough about the basics of boxing to know that this is the end of the round, but well, I don't know precisely what that means.
"What's happening?" I murmur, turning my face up towards my brother, my hands tense on the wall of the box.
"Tiny break," Rafe says with a sigh, looking down at me. He frowns for a second, looking around, and then spots my glass of white wine on the edge of the box. He picks it up and pushes it towards me. "Here, Ariel - have some of this. You're freaking out."
"Of course I'm freaking out," I growl, ignoring the glass of wine at first. But when he raises his eyebrow at me I scowl and snatch it out of his hand, taking a long swig of it.
"He's doing good, Ari," Daphne says, biting her lip and looking down at the ring. "At least... I think he is?"
"No, your instincts are right, Daph," Jesse says, stepping closer to me. Ben comes close on Rafe's other side, clearly wanting to hear what Jesse says.
Jesse points down towards the ring at table, where three men and one woman sit, consulting seriously. "Those are the judges," he murmurs. "They decide who wins each round."
"So it's that simple?" Daphne asks, looking between all the boys. "Just...whoever wins the most rounds wins the whole thing?"
"Theoretically, yes," Ben murmurs with a shrug, peering down at Luca. I follow his gaze, staring down at my mate, a little bolstered to see that Luca looks absolutely fine. He's sitting on a little stool in his corner, and his uncle is leaning in to whisper in his ear, rubbing his shoulders as he does.
"Well, what about in actuality?" Daphne asks, anxious.
"Knockout," Rafe says softly in her ear, and I suspect that he's whispering so I won't hear it, "trumps all scores."
"Oh," Daphne says, giving me an anxious little glance that makes me groan and drain my glass of wine.
"Ooookay," Jesse says, giving me a hearty pat on the back that makes me stumble forward a few step. "We have about thirty seconds for tequila - let's do this!"
"What!?" I gasp, spinning and watching him basically sprint from the bar.
"He's not wrong, Ari," Rafe says with a sigh. I spin to stare at him, slack-jawed. He just gives me a sad little smile with a shrug. "You need to calm down. We all need to calm down, and get a little looser, and cheer for our friend. Us sitting up here tense and frowning isn't going to do anything to help him."
"Yeah, well, neither is us just being bombed," I murmur as Jesse comes back almost too quickly with a tray of shots, each with a little lime perched on the edge.
"Ohhh, clever boy," Cora says, budging in between us to take two shots off the edge of the tray. "I knew you were my favorite." She gives him a little wink and me a sad, anxious smile as she moves back to her place on Ben's other side, handing her second shot to my mom.
Roger scoffs in protest as mom and Cora clink their glasses together and throw back the tequila. "Darling wife! Where is mine!?"
"Probably back at the bar," Cora says, flinching at the harsh bite of the liquor and grinning up at him. "Go get it!" Roger moans but does as he's told, slumping off towards the bar as Jesse hands out the rest of the shots.
Despite myself, I find myself laughing at my family and friends all raise their glasses, toasting to my mate. And as I throw back my own shot, and close my eyes a moment as it slips down my throat, I realize that Jesse and Rafe are right - that I need to relax, for Luca's sake.
When I turn back to the edge of the box, I'm a little surprised to see Luca's face turned up towards me, a little question in his eyes. But I just wink, and raise my empty shot glass in his direction, and Luca bursts into a grin.
Because if I were really worried about him, I wouldn't be partying, would I?
Or, at least, Jesse knew that's how it would look. Luca nods once to me and sets his shoulders, getting to his feet as the ref walks again to the center of the ring.
"Thank you," I murmur to Jesse as he comes back to my side, and I lean my body weight against him. "You're clever and you're thoughtful, and I see that, even if you try to hide it."
###Chapter 0346
Chapter 0346
"Just don't blow my cover," he murmurs, rubbing my back for a moment as the bell sounds again and the fight starts anew.
I watch carefully as Luca and the Atalaxian champion come together again and again, sometimes trading blows, sometimes moving in fast just to dodge away again. Luca, I notice, gets in quite a few combinations that look very impressive and which always make the crowds cheer. But Rafe, still standing close at my side, doesn't cheer along.
I can't help glancing up at him, wondering what he's seeing that others aren't. Because to all means, it looks like Luca is doing much better than our enemy. "Tell me," I urge, somewhere in the third round.
Rafe glances down at me for a second, I think deciding whether or not I actually want to hear it, but when I look up at him with pleading eyes he leans closer to me. Luca's doing great," he says, and I nod, recognizing that. "But, tell me what you're seeing with the Atalaxian."
I turn my eyes back to the ring, studying him. "He's advancing a lot," I say, narrating what I see happening in front of us, and slightly below. The ring - it's really not very far at all - close enough for me to see Luca's muscles shake whenever he delivers one of his shattering blows. "But not...not punching very much?"
"Look harder," Rafe murmurs, instructing me and sounding a lot like dad.
I frown a little, trying to figure it out. And then, as I watch more closely, I realize that the Atalaxian is landing a lot of blows, just not to Luca's face. "He's hitting Luca a lot in the sides," I say quietly, as if it's a secret between us. "Whereas Luca's hitting the Atalaxian a lot in the head."
"Good," Rate murmurs, and Daphne glances up at us, likewise listening and wanting to learn more. "I think that's both of their strategy laid out." "Okay," I huff, rolling my eyes a little, "and in terms I can understand, now?"
Rafe smirks a little. "Luca's strategy is to beat the shit out of him, to hurt him as much as he can as early as he can, to get as many points from the judges as possible." "Sensible," Daphne murmurs, her eyebrows going up.
"Indeed," Rafe says, glancing down at her, pleased, before he continues. "But the Atalaxian - he's playing the long game here. See how he's making Luca dance, always pressing him?"
I watch carefully, and see that Luca is indeed moving his feet probably twice as much as the Atalaxian, always dodging backwards, always getting out of the way as the Atalaxian moves steadily forward.
"What's that mean?" I whisper.
"It means that he's wearing Luca down," Rafe says, his voice a little grave. "And see all those body blows?" Rafe raises his chin now to where the Atalaxian hits Luca again and again in the sides and the ribs.
"Yes?" Daphne says, her voice distracted as she keeps her eyes trained on Luca.
"Those are agonizing," Rafe says, probably from experience. "Especially that often, again and again? They're exhausting, and they make you want more than anything - to drop your hands and block the blows."
"Which leaves your head open..." I murmur, my eyes going wide as I put it all together.
"For the knock-out blow," Rafe finishes, nodding, worry all over his expression.
"Shit," Daphne says as she figures it out alongside me.
"He's wearing Luca down," I whisper, suddenly horribly anxious again. "So that he can finally make that big swing that will take Luca out. What's Luca's recourse here?" "To not get tired," Rafe says, his voice a little sarcastic, because that's basically impossible. "Or to go on major offensives, which he's trying to do - to get this asshole against the ropes and just wail on him. But the Atalaxian - he's not weak enough for that yet."
"Shit," I sigh, folding my arms over each other. "So now it's just a waiting game? To see who runs out of steam first?"
"Yup," Rafe says.
"Tequila?" Jesse offers, holding out another shot to me. I sigh, but feeling the anxiety raising in my best at this new perspective on the fight - I accept it from his hand. The shots go around again, and we all drink, and train our anxious eyes back on the fight.
###Chapter 0347
Chapter 0347
Round after round passes, and I'm devastated when I start to see Luca flagging. It's not obvious - not to anyone but those of us who know him intimately. But his blows - they're a little bit slower. His footwork just the tiniest bit sloppier.
He also stops showboating a bit between rounds, instead heading straight to his corner to have a tense discussion with his uncle. The crowd still roars for him, and he's still winning round after round on skill alone...
But.
I can see Rafe's point that what the Atalaxian is trying to do here is not demonstrate his skill, or play fair, or put on any display of ability. No, he's just here to bide his time, to wait for his opportunity, to wear down his opponent, and then strike when the iron is hot.
I glance, just once, at my father and my uncle, who stand tensely together, watching the bout. And I wonder if this has been the method of their opponent for twenty years - if this has been the Atalaxian way.
Or, perhaps, if this kind of brutality is something new. The way dad and Roger talk quietly to each other, their eyes fixed on the bout, lets me know that something, al least, is intriguing them here. That this is not just an opportunity to watch a promixing young fighter in the ring that they're learning something.
And I'm quite desperate, suddenly, to know what.
But my eyes are drawn instantly back to the ring when there's a huge gasp and then a cheer form the crowd. I lean forward, my eyes focusing on Luca as I realize that he's making a big move - that he's somehow got the Atalaxian back on the ropes - as Rafe said that he had to- and that he's swinging like mad now, landing blow after blow around the Atalaxian's face and head.
Hope swells in me suddenly and my fingers tighten on the wall - but then I gasp along with everyone else as the Atalaxian lets out an insane roar and thrust himself up from the ropes, swinging wildly for Luca.
Luca stumbles back, getting out of the way fast as the Atalaxian barrels forward like a bull, clearly out of control and in a complete rage. His blows are uncoordinated and wild, easy for Luca to dodge, but the surprise on Luca's face lets me know that this is unexpected - and unprecedented. And that even though he found a way to get the enemy on the ropes, he's not going to have an easy time keeping them there.
The two fighters find their footing, coming back together, but I shake my head suddenly - because the Atalaxian, something is different now.
There's a rage in his eyes as he stares at Luca - his cool patience totally gone.
My breath comes in fast pants now as I look between them, as I watch the Atalaxian move forward with a new aggression.
As I realize that the bout has...changed.
And not in Luca's favor.
I gasp suddenly as the boxer moves forward, his fists lashing out, moving insanely fast, roaring as he goes. Luca falls back as he's done before - but he's tired now, his feet moving slower, and the Atalaxian's hook lands. Hard.
My hands fly to my mouth in horror as Luca's face snaps to the side, as he stumbles back against the ropes, as the Atalaxian comers him there and starts to pound on him. Luca grits his teeth and puts his hands up, protecting his head. But I see him gasp in pain as the enemy hits him again and again in the ribs - always in the same spot harder and harder each time-
I feel it, viscerally, when Luca's rib snaps -
I cry out in pain, my hand going to my own side, feeling it along with him as Luca loses control of his emotions and they all come flooding to me along the band in his panic.
Luca gives a mighty shout, throwing himself bodily at the boxer, desperate to get away - to stop the next blow from landing and doing worse damage to his side- "His rib!" I gasp, looking desperately up at Rafe, who looks between me and Luca in shock-
Luca gets between the other boxer's arms so neither of them can land any big blows, pushing him back. The ref works hard to step between them, attempting to wrench the boxers apart, but the Atalaxian smirks and starts to pound a series of little rabbit punches right into Luca's broken rib, where he knows it will hurt most.
I gasp again, falling to the side against Rafe with a moan as I feel the agony start to echo through Luca, feel the blinding pain race through me.
###Chapter 0348
Chapter 0348
"Ariel!" Rafe shouts, his arms going around me, holding me close. I press my eyes shut, my hand pressed to my side.
The bell rings, stopping the round-thank god - and I can feel Luca's relief. But still, the pain radiates, and I stay pressed to my brother's side. "Ariel!" my mom gasps, suddenly next to me. "What the -*
"She's feeling it, mom!" Rafe says, his voice shaking with his anxiety. "I don't know how - but his ribs - whatever happened, she's feeling it too -*
"Oh my god," my mom says as my dad comes rushing to my other side, as our family and friends simultaneously make space for us even as they stand between us and the low wall of the box, shielding us from prying eyes.
Mom looks frantically at my dad. "Dominic," she murmurs, "is this possible? Can she get hurt because he's getting hurt?"
"Let me see," dad murmurs, coming close and feeling at my ribs where I gesture.
"They're broken," I gasp, shaking my head, desperately afraid and trying to look back towards my mate. "Luca's ribs are broken!" I'm panting now in my fear, my pain, my desperation.
My dad's hand moves firmly over my side. "Cora!" he shouts, and she's there in an instant. He murmurs to her, and her hand is instantly on my side too. She looks up at my dad and shakes her head, her eyes wide.
Dad catches my face between his hands, making me look at him. "His ribs might be broken, Ariel," dad murmurs. "But yours are not. Okay? You are feeling it down the bond - but all of it is his pain, not yours - you can control this -"
"Is that possible!?" mom gasps, looking between me and my dad.
"Yes," dad murmurs, glancing at her. "They're young - they don't know how to control it. Ariel!" He snaps his fingers in front of my face, drawing my attention back to him. "You have to close it down. The bond - close your end of it, just for now, or else you'll feel everything he's feeling - and he'll feel everything you're feeling - and that will not help him right now. Okay!?"
Dad's barking his words out by the end and I focus on his face, trying so hard.
"Come on, baby," mom says, slipping her hands over my shoulders and stepping between me and my dad. "Deep breaths, do it with me." And I focus on my mom's face, and close my eyes when she closes hers, and then I feel the calming lavender of her gift sweep over me. She's not healing me now - I know - though I desperately wonder for a second if her gift can heal Luca through me -
But no, there's no time for that -
Instead, I just trust in mom's light, trust in her as she guides me down into my soul to where my bonds are. There, I find it - my sweet, shining, silver bond with Luca - and I can feel all of his pain radiating down it.
I breathe deeply with my mom and then take hold of the bond gently in my mental hands, and then as she said - just...gently pinch it off, holding it between my fingertips.
"Just for now," I whisper to myself, perhaps aloud - perhaps in my own head - I don't know. I don't really care. "Just...for now."
"That's right, sweetheart," mom says. I open my eyes to see her smiling at me, and I blink a few times before I realize that... that all of the pain is gone. I look down at my ribs and realize - of course - that they're not broken. That I'm fine.
"What... what's happening..." I ask, my voice shaking a bit as I look between my parents.
"It's okay, trouble," dad murmurs, stepping close to me and wrapping me in a big hug. "It's normal - you just...you're feeling everything Luca's feeling, because you two haven't really practiced yet. It will take time-
But there's no time for this either, as the bell rings again, and I gasp, realizing that the fight is beginning.
I push hard against my dad's arms, desperate to get back to the barrier of our box, and he hesitates for a moment - worried - before he lets me go. Then I'm dashing to the side, holding tight to my bond in my mind, desperate to see what happens next.
###Chapter 0349
Chapter 0349
Luca, I'm horrified to see, is not the same as he was at the beginning of the fight. Gone is the brash young man, all confidence and vigor. Now, as Ben said, all that's left is the bulldag: grim determination, his jaw set as he moves into the ring.
The Atalaxian, I can see, is likewise changed. He knows he has the advantage now-knows that Luce has quite a literal soft spot in his side. And as they come back together, the Atalaxian goes right for it.
My eyebrows raise, my breath hitching as Luca dodges the fist that the Atalaxian aims directly for his wounded rib, as Luca moves nimbly away and dodges around to his opponent's side, landing a blow on the Atalaxian's cheek that makes him stumble back.
As I watch I feel my fingers slip on my bond with Luca, desperate to know how he's feeling kind of shocked, really, at how much the emptiness echoes between us now that I've closed it off. I hadn't realized, I guess, how much information I was getting down the bond from him- even when I wasn't trying to, even when he's far away.
But the moment that his emotions start to seep through again it's immediately blinding pain, and I gaso - my knees going a bit weak and I squeeze my fingers shut.
Luca - how is he doing this? How is he still fighting when his body is in that much agony?
The Atalaxian turns towards him now, working hard to back Luca into the ropes again. I clench my hands under my chin as I watch Luce fight hard to change the flow of the fight, to be on the offense instead of the defense. But the Atalaxian - he's got his teeth in it now.
Suddenly, the tice shifts again and my mouth falls open in a gasp as I see the Luca shoot out one hell of a punch, connecting directly with the Atalaxian's already-bloody nose-
But in doing so, Luce left his wounded rib right open.
Which is precisely what the Atalaxian wanted
The Atalaxian almost smiles as he winds his arm up and punches, hard-bone-shatteringly hard into Luca's right side.
I scream as I watch Luca crumple against the pain, dodging his body desperately away from the Atalaxian's fist, and in doing so dropping his hands-
Dropping his hands away from his face, precisely the opening that the Atalaxian was waiting for all night long
The blow comes hard, and fast, the Atalaxian's fist ripping across Luca's ear and cheek with a sickening smack that sends my mate immediately to the ground.
Everyone in the stadium shouts, and moans, and screams - but I think that mine caries out over them all as I stare at my mate laying senseless on the canvas.
I scream my mate's name, desperately scared for him, and I'm hanging halfway over the wall of our box in my desperation to get closer. I feel a hand grabbing for my arm, but I smack it away, my nails extending razor-sharp, refusing to be pulled back
The Atalaxian dodges away from Luca, moving to the center of the ring with his fists still up, like he's ready to punch Luca down again the moment he stands.
But Luca - he doesn't stand.
My breath is shallow in my lungs, like I can't pull it in any deeper, and I can't see anything - anything else in the world right now except the back of Luca's head as he lays limp on the mat.
The ref clodges over, looking down at him, demanding that he stand.
But there's no response from Luca, who lays stil.
The ref, to my horror, begins to count.
I look desperately around now, knowing that Luca only has ten seconds
I look at his uncle, who runs around the ring to shout Into Luca's face, begging him to get up-
I look at his mother, Linda's arms around Gran's shoulders, Gran's face pressed devastated Into Linda's side-
My eyes dart back to Luca now when I see his shoulders twich - can see the desire in him to get up- "Two!" the ref shouts, his counting too slow as time seems to drift.
And then suddenly I'm moving - without a thought I can't help it. My legs are over the wall to the box, and I'm falling the short distance to the seats below us. My heeled shoes hit the ground with a clatter and miraculously can't break - there are shouts around me as people turn to see what the hell is going on
"Three!"
But as soon as my people see me rise and start to move towards my mate, they make way, pushing each other aside so that there's room for me-
Room for me to run - to get to the aisle - to start down towards the ring itself -
###Chapter 0350
Chapter 0350
"Four!"
I hear my name being shouted behind me my family-but there's no time and it doesn't matter if it's not safe
I'm moving fast, thanks to my wolf instincts and my training at the academy, and I can feel my canines elongating to points in my feracity as a snarl rips from my lips, because if anyone tries to stop me right now - I'll rip them to shreds.
"Luca!" I scream, just as the ref shouts "Five!" counting down the moments until Luce is timed out.
Luca's uncle spins when he hears my voice behind him, his eyes going wide. I think he says my name in protest, putting out a hand to stop me, but I shove him aside, throwing myself against the side of the ring, desperately trying to scramble into it. I shout Luca's name again.
"You can't go in!" I hear Bruce shouting behind me, his hands on my hips, pulling me back. "If you go in, Ariel, he'll be disqualified!"
Something about that rings sense to me, and I shoot a glance back at Bruce alongside a snarl to make him see that I understand, but then I'm moving again, positioning myself, trying to get as close to Luca as I can.
"Sk!" the ref shouts, and I see Luce struggling now - see his eyes fluttering as he tries to pull himself together.
"Luca!" I cry again, my hand pounding on the canvas mat, trying to get his attention as I lean as far in as I can. But it's not working - he's not listening to me-
So I do the only thing I can.
I let go of the hold on our bond, and let it all flood me in a moment-
All of Luca's agony - his pain - his fear - his desperation to get up, to continue fighting, to win-
His weakness, his confusion, and again - again, always-that physical agony that threatens to overwhelm me.
My own eyes flutter back in my head as I'm almost taken down by it.
"Seven!" I can hear the ref's voice hesitating now as he sees me there the nation's Princess - trying to support her mate
Luca - everything he's feeling - it's like a tidal wave, and it threatens to sweep me away.
But it's not stronger than me-not stronger than everything I have all my faith, and my strength, and my love - my love for him, my love for our nation, for our people. And I push it all towards Luca, pushing back against that flood of pain, and I give it to him. I let his pain sweep through me, taking all of it, as I push all of my faith and strength towards him.
Oddly, insanely, at this moment, I think of Jackson.
I think of him passing his strength to me during the Examination - that persistent, unyielding strength. "Fight!"
Because I never, ever thought of what it felt like to him if he had to take an my agony to give me his strength, if our bond opened both ways.
God, and he never said a thing-when here I am, almost collapsing under the strain.
"Too good." I murmur, working hard to dig my nails into the mat, to stay conscious.
And as I do, I see Luca's shoulders raise, see him push himself up, see his eyes lock with mine.
And it's enough.
I can see it, immediately, as the ref shouts out the ninth count, that this faith this gift it's enough. I watch as Luca gathers himself, as he pushes himself up, getting his feat beneath him. He holds a hand out towards the ref, asking for a moment to catch his breath-
The ref nads, and steps back, and Luca pants as he gets his weight up over his knees, and then pushes himself up, his eyes still locked on mine.
But the count stops.
And I nod, staring at him, my jaw clenched, my nails still dug into the canvas of the mat. Go, I say, directly into his mind. Finish this.
Luca stares at me, hard, and gives me a single nad before turning back to his opponent.
And the stadium - it erupts in noise.
The citizens of moon valley- they scream for him- scream for us - scream for the persistence of Luca's heart, scream for freedom, and hope, and everything we represent. And inside, my heart sings, and my wolf howls, screaming along with them.
As the crowd roers for him, Luca raises his fists again to eye level, and as he does I feel something shift in our bond. He takes the pain back - some of it, just enough to keep him sharp. And in exchange, he gives me back some of my faith and passion, along with a great deal of his love.
And then, Luca really begins to fight.
###Chapter 0351
Chapter 0351
Events move too fast for me to comprehend them all as I stand with Bruce Grant at my side, watching my mate fight for me, for our nation, for our pride against the enemy.
And something is different in Luca now - it's like he's a new man, newly made. His fists move light lightning, and he dodges all of the Atalaxian's stunned blows. The bigger man has no shot, because somehow - and I honestly don't know how it's like Luca's three steps ahead of him-like he already knows where the Atalaxian's punches are going to land and has moved out of their way before he even thinks of it.
Luca gets the Atalaxian on the ropes again and again, delivering blow after devastating blow as our crowd screams for him, chanting his name. The enemy does his best, but he's soon on the defense, just doing his best to keep his hands up. But they slacken, and fall, and Luca lands a series of devastating, snapping blows that leave his face streaked with blood.
With a mighty yell the Atalaxian surges up off the ropes, lurching for Luca, trying to grab him
- to take him down-
But Luca is ready for it - like he was waiting for it - and as soon as the Atalaxian takes his second off-kilter step towards him. Luca looses the final blow.
The Atalaxian's skin shakes as Luca's fist connects with his cheekbone, cracking it, sending him falling to the mat with a thwack that reverberates all through the ring, shaking my whole body, which is pressed to the edge of the canvas.
I gasp, along with the rest of the crowd, as Luca stands over the Atalaxian's prone body- huge, hulking on the ground and roars his victory down over him.
And that's it - we all go wild. The screams that fill the stadium are the loudest that I've ever heard as everyone goes absolutely insane. The ref starts to count but nobody can hear him, because we're all shouting Luca's name -
The Atalaxian - he is completely gone, knocked senseless on the mat. No flutter to his eyes, no twitch to his limbs. His back lifts, just softy, with his breath-
But beyond that, nothing.
I spare a glance for the Atalaxian's coach and trainers across the ring for me, but they just stare at him, shocked and appalled and disgusted.
But I have no room for pity. Because everything in my mind - my entire world-
Is filled with Luca.
Luca, roaring again as he strides around the ring, pounding his fist against his chest.
Luca, triumphant, his pain drowned out by his pride, his victory, the joy that thrums through his veins.
Luca, turning, looking for me.
I laugh, overwhelmed, delighted, and tears of pride streaking down my cheeks as his eyes find mine. And then he's dashing for me, pulling at the laces on his gloves with his teeth, trying to get them off so he can reach for me.
But it doesn't matter, because I'm already clambering into the ring. When Luca sees what I'm doing he laughs and gets to his knees at the side of the ring, pulling me up, pulling me inside, and then he holds his gloved hands out, and I put my little hands in them, and he stands and takes me with him.
The crowd is screaming again - screaming for him, screaming for what, I don't know-
I don't care, honestly, because all I can see is my gorgeous mate as he bends down, wrapping his arms high around my thighs, and then lifts me up so that I'm held just slightly above him, laughing and smiling down into his gorgeous, slightly battered face, running my fingers through his hair.
"You did it," I say, still laughing, unable to help myself - the joy running through me, through us god, it's like a drug.
"You fucking did it, Ariel," he murmurs, shaking his head at me. "God, you're amazing. I could have never-
###Chapter 0352
Chapter 0352
"No," I murmur, shaking my head, denying it - categorically. "I helped, Luca, but you..." I take a moment then, looking around at everyone shouting his name - chanting it - shouting and screaming his victory. "Luca, this is all you."
He just shakes his head at me, marveling a little, loving me a lot, and then he loosens his anms just slightly so that I slip down lower against him, until I'm close enough to kiss. Immediately, I lower my face to his, and kiss my mate, cupping the back of his head in my hands, treasuring him- every moment of it. And he kisses me back, passing me all of his joy, and his thanks, and his pleasure, and his pride. All of it - everything he is - to me.
My sweet mate- my fighter.
God, but I love him.
The crowd now, I know, is cheering for both of us. But I don't care. I don't care at all that the whole nation is seeing this - that our secret is laid bare. The only thing that matters now is being in Luca's arms, his mouth on mine.
Or, at least, it's the only thing that matters for a long, long moment. Until someone comes and taps Luca on the shoulder. "Um, Mr. Grant?"
Luca growls as he pulls his face from mine and shakes his head a little, clearing it, looking down at the judge next to him.
"Um, sir?" the little man says, taking a step back at Luca's ferocious growl, staring wide-eyed at both of us. "There's the little matter of...declaring the victor?"
Luca bursts into laughter, smiling at the man with his most dashing smile, and I can see that the judge is immediately dazed by it by the raw beauty and power of my mate. But then Luca turns it on me, and I swear that if I was standing my knees would go weak. "Got distracted, didn't I?"
"Oh, I think they'll forgive you," I murmur, grinning at him.
His smile deepens and then Luca carefully places me on my feet. "I like your dress," he murmurs, making me burst into laughter. Because honestly- of all things to be thinking about right now-
Luca seems to agree with me though, tugging me close to his side and turning us both so that we face the judges and the little committee that must have climbed into the ring while Luca and I were inappropriately distracted. They all bearn at us, and none of us spare a glance - not really - for the Atalaxian champion, who is being rolled moaning onto a stretcher, begging to be let back into the ring, begging to finish the fight.
But as he's moved away, a woman steps forward, a ceremonial belt stretched out over her hands. I grin when I see it, and then look up into Luca's happy face. A little bit of the pain is coming back now as the euphoria fades, and I know that soon we're going to have to get him into his locker room, and then get my mom down to patch him up-
But for the moment? For the moment, this is all that matters in the world.
The announcer comes forward, declaring Luca Grant officially the winner of the bout, champion of the two kingdoms.
The crowd goes wild again, only softening when the announcer holds the microphone out to Luca, inviting my mate to say whatever he wants in this moment of his victory. Luca looks down at me with a smile, and I know what he wants to do - that he wants to give all the victory to me.
But gently, leaning against his non-injured side, I shake my head, not wanting that.
So, he does the next best thing, and simply raises the belt high above his head with his spare hand and says, his voice booming, "to Victory! And Moon Valley!"
And then Luca drops his hand, and kisses me again, as the crowd again screams their approval.
###Chapter 0353
Chapter 0353
I have to admit that the entire world feels a little surreal three hours later when I'm sitting pressed between Daphne and Ben in a booth, laughing and watching as Jesse, and Rafe, and Luca spray bottles of champagne into the air and down onto the crowd below, who are all going mad for it, screaming their approval and their love of the nation's Prince, and Duke, and renewed national boxing Champion.
"Oh, come on, Daph," I say, pressing a hand to my chest because I'm laughing so hard, "how can you go home after this!? It's way too much fun!"
"I have to admit!" she says, having to raise her voice almost to shouting levels so that I can hear her over the pounding music. "You guys are making it really hard!"
And only about to get more difficult, I think as Rafe, grinning, comes over to the table and holds out a hand for her. Daphne smiles broadly as she places her hand in his, and then she laughs as Rafe pulls her up and into his arms, starting to dance with her.
I lean into Ben next to me, who wraps an arm around my shoulder. "I have to admit it," he murmurs, bringing his mouth close to my ear so I can hear him. "It does not make it any easier, knowing that your brother can dance."
I burst out laughing, snuggling closer to my friend and shaking my head. Poor Benny!
But he just laughs along with me and gives me a wink, passing me another shot of tequila from our collection on the table.
I take a little sip from it even as Ben downs his, because I'm already feeling pretty tipsy. It's been an incredible evening. It took a moment, of course, to get out of the stadium. Mom was waiting for us in Luca's dressing room, as I predicted, to fuss over him and magically heal all his wounds before Luca gave some press interviews.
Rafe pulled me begrudgingly away from Luca's side as mom worked and Luca interviewed, checking in on me and making sure that I was all right. But things got quite a lot easier after mom healed Luca's broken rib, and then after that short bit of press, the party began.
Luca came with us in the limousine, to my pleasure, and brought his mom and his Gran along. His Gran cried the whole time - happy tears as she pressed herself to her grandson's side and looked around at the royals, clutching a glass of champagne that she didn't drink. Gran and Linda declined to come into the club when we arrived, instead taking the limo home, but my parents and aunt and uncle shocked me by coming in with us.
"Oh, we need a little fun, mom said when Rafe protested that it wasn't safe - or appropriate - for the King and Queen to be out at a nightclub. "Besides, the people should see that their monarchs can party."
Honestly, I think that the whole reason they came was because it was very clear that Markie and Juniper really, really wanted to go in. The two of them were having a blast, and Jesse was doing a wonderful job of making sure that they were included in all the laughs, even slipping them a couple of drinks when our parents pretended not to be looking.
Still, about after an hour of that, mom and dad declared that they were taking Mark and Juniper home, and Cora and Roger sighed that they had to get home to the rest of their passel.
"They've probably tied the babysitter up again," Core murmured to Roger, her face genuinely worried.
He just shrugged and took another sip of his drink. "Kind of a crappy babysitter, if she allows her charges to tie her up in square knots that she doesn't know how to un-do."
Mom had kissed us all goodbye and wrapped Luca in a warm hug, telling him again how proud she is of him, how proud he's made the nation. And Luca had bearned to hear it - I think needing it after a lifetime of his uncle subtly implying that he's not good enough.
Since then, it's just been this drinks, and good times, and dancing, and all of us blowing off a great deal of steam after a crazy semester and an even more stressful night. We've been dancing, and singing, and celebrating our hearts out - and I've done most of it in Luca's arms, which has been...amazing.
###Chapter 0354
Chapter 0354
Something has shifted between us now, after tonight after I've finally realized how deep our bond really goes. Luca and me- we're tied now, both in the nation's mind and in our souls. I don't really know how to describe it, even now as I watch him dancing with Jesse, both of them singing along to the music, looking gorgeous and young and free, like they haven't got a care in the world.
"Where do they get the energy," Benny murmurs, his arm still slung casually around my shoulder, and I glance at him, pleased to see as much love for our boys as I'm sure is beaming from my own eyes.
"I don't know," I say, a little wondering. "Must be something about warrior track that gives them...a crazy amount of stamina."
"Drugs," Ben says, nodding wisely and making me laugh. "They must put some kind of drugs in their water bottles. Or steroids."
"Very plausible," I say, grinning. He's right, though - Ben and I are wiped, but the boys - it looks like they could go all night.
Daphne, however, is defying our predictions - because the way she's dancing with Rafe right now, with a huge smile on her face as he turns her around and then pulls her close to him...
Well. To be honest, I think she'd be perfectly happy spending the rest of her life doing this. Unlike Ben and I, she doesn't have a tired bone in her body, and clearly has no intention of going home anytime soon.
Still, even if I am more tired than the rest of them, I'm more than happy to stay and bask in the happy atmosphere, quietly sipping at my drink and relaxing. Because it was a stressful and taxing night. I definitely need to unwind.
"So, you're okay, after all of that?" Ben asks, easy and conversational.
I turn to him a little. "What do you mean?"
He shrugs. "It just looked very upsetting," he says, looking at me seriously. "The way you ran down there, and were pounding your hand on the mat, shouting his name - it was intense, Ariel. And obviously way more intense for you, since you were living it."
I laugh a little, shaking my head. "It was intense," I murmur, shifting my eyes back to Luca. But worth it. He needed me."
"It was awesome," Ben replies, a little mystified. "Like, everyone could see the two of you connecting, see the way you brought him back. It was very cool."
I hum a little in the back of my throat, remembering that moment, wondering what it looked like from the outside. But, I mean, obviously there's footage of it - I guess if I really want to know, I could watch a recording.
I grimace a little, thinking that that might be a little embarrassing and deciding against it.
"Is it always like that?" Ben murmurs, his words a little slurred and curious.
"Is what?" I ask, needing clarification.
"Your bond - being mated. You're just...always connected like that? Can feel what each other feel? Can...like pass emotions around, trade them?"
"Oh, god, no," I say, my eyes going wide as I glance over at Ben before returning my eyes to my beautiful mate, laughing with my cousin as Rafe and Daphne come back over to them at the end of the song, the four of the easily chatting. "I mean, like, I can feel that he's happy now -"
"You can also see it," Ben points out, gesturing towards Luca, not really getting it.
"I know," I say, grinning and tapping my chest. "But I can feel it too. But what happened tonight - and it happened before, with Jackson, during the examination - where we really connect like...super deep?" I hesitate, knowing I'm not being very eloquent or very clear, probably because of all the drinks. "That's not...every day."
"Hmm." Ben says, nodding as he takes another sip of his drink, his eyes going a little far off.
We sit quietly, companionably for a moment, before he surprises me by continuing to push on the subject. "What did it feel like?" Ben asks softy. "When you...when you first knew? That they were your mates."
"When I first knew?" I ask, kind of surprised that he wants to go this far back. Ben meets my eyes and slowly nods.
And then I tilt my head to the side, wondering why on earth he's asking about this now.
###Chapter 0355
Chapter 0355
I hesitate for a second, trying to remember what it was like when I first realized that my
mates were in the room. "Um... it felt like... like someone threw a brick at my wolf. But I didn't know who threw it."
He bursts out laughing, and then I do too, because I realize it's ridiculous.
"Clarity, please, Princess," Ben murmurs, drifting his drink casually through the air in invitation for me to continue.
"Well, like, because it didn't hurt," I say, laughing again. "But...I felt it, in my soul, in a very visceral way. A shock, like being hit out of nowhere, to recognize that he was there - it was just Luca at first, and then Jacks a moment later. And I didn't know who it was yet - just that they were around."
Ben hums, considering.
"And then," I say, tilling my head to the side, "it felt like...gravity changed? Like...like if I was a compass, all of a sudden north wasn't north anymore. Everything in me pointed towards Luca. And then to Jackson. And then to...both. Does that...offer any clarity?" I ask, frowning a bit, turning towards him, very much hoping that it does.
"Yes and no," he says, giving me a little smirk, because we're both aware that my description is heavily metaphorical and not based at all in any reality.
But, well. That's having a mate for you, isn't it?
"Ari," Ben murmurs, frowning again, and hesitating like he's not sure if he should ask. "Did... did either of them...hit you harder? Pull you more, in one way, instead of the other?"
"No," I say instantly, shaking my head. "Both ways at once. Both directions. Equal pull in each."
Inside, my wolf bares her teeth and then nips me, getting my attention. I sit up straighter, looking around because - is something wrong? Why did she-
"Come on," Luca says, making me jump a little as I break out of my reverie and look up into his smiling face, at the hand he's holding out to me. "Come and dance with me, Gorgeous. It's been six minutes since you've been in my arms, and it's six minutes too long
I laugh, accepting his hand, but then I hesitate and look back at Benny, not wanting to leave him here by himself.
"I'm up!" he says, grinning at me and pushing himself up from the seat. "It's been six minutes since I've been in someone's arms too! Please, someone! Come and hold me!"
I burst into laughter at my friend and open my other arm to him even as Luca pulls me to his side. Then, between my mate and my pal, I walk out onto the dance floor and proceed to get swept away in the music.
"This has been the most amazing night," Luca murmurs in my ear about forty-five minutes later, holding me close to his chest and tucking his head down close to mine as we lear against one of the booths, still both swaying to the music but taking a minute to ourselves.
"I know," I say, resting my chin on his chest and grinning up at him. "You were so amazing, Luca, Did our nation real proud."
"And you?" he asks, quirking an eyebrow at me. "Were you proud?"
"Luca!" I say, laughing and standing straighter. "Of course I was proud! I was so proud - am so proud!"
"And do you... mind?" he asks, grimacing a little.
"Mind what?"
He shrugs, and I can see he's a little anxious, even though we've both had enough alcohol at this point that we should be far beyond that. "Mind that...well, I mean, you jumped out of the box, Ari. And then you sprinted down to the ringside, and connected with me, and pulled me out of a stupor, I mean, that, combined with the article - people are going to know,"
"Oh, that," I say, waving my hand and rolling my eyes, completely dismissing it as I lean back against him. Luca laughs but squeezes me a little, urging me for an answer. "Luca," I sigh, smiling up at him, "I never minded if people knew that you're my mate- I never wanted to keep it a secret because I was ashamed of you or because it was shameful. I just - I mean, we as a family, we just keep things close. It's like mom's magic -
"Ella's insane magic," he murmurs, his hand drifting up to his ribs, where she knit the bone together this afternoon with half a thought.
Inod, eager. "Exactly. Mom's never kept it a secret - she'll heal everyone, anyone. She's just... never made a public announcement before." I frown a little, hoping he sees the difference. It's about...discretion? Not secrecy."
"I get it," he murmurs, holding me close and sliding his hand up my bare back and burying his fingers in the roots of my long hair. "And I'm sorry about all that. I'll make it up to you."
"You don't need to," I murmur, letting my eyes drift shut a bit, relaxing against him.
"Yeah, but I want to," he says on a sigh, dropping a kiss to the top of my head that makes me smile, that makes warmth drift all the way through me. "I'm just...so damn in love with you, Ariel Sinclair. I'm going to give you the world, whether you want to or not."
###Chapter 0356
Chapter 0356
I just grin, a soft breeze swirling up around us, cool and fresh, as I tighten my arms around hirr.
"Booo, lovebirds!" Jesse calls over to us, cupping his hands around his mouth so his voice echoes. I laugh, opening my eyes. "Come on, stop being boring! We're doing shots!" He points to a tray of flaming shots that a very good-looking waitress, who Jesse currently has his arm around, is holding
"Oh my god," I say, my eyes going a little wide at the sight of them.
"Come on!" Luca says, laughing, starting over and pulling me along with him by the hand.
But as we go, I can't stop another yawn from crawling up my throat. Honestly I don't know how Luca's still up - he's had a much more taxing day than me. Must be the adrenaline. When we get to Jesse and his new friend, Luca takes the shots off the tray and hands them round, but when he holds on out to me I wave it away, even though the flames dance prettily and catch my eye. Rafe and Daphne come over too, and I grin to see that she is wearing a littttle less lipstick than she was earlier, but I don't say anything as she and Rafe take shots off the tray.
"Whaaat!" Jesse says, grinning at me a little devilishly. "Princess first to cave!? Honestly, Ari, you're doing the espionage track no credit here."
"Ambassador too," Ben says, likewise refusing the drink and rubbing at his eye. "It might be last warrior standing tonight. Warrior or seamstress." He turns his head to me, raising his eyebrow, cocking his head towards the door, silently asking me if I want to go.
Hope blooms in me because honestly, I'm exhausted, and my bed is calling.
"Ari!" Luca exclaims, and I turn to see him frowning at me, looking devastated. "No, let's stay out! We're having so much fun!"
"I think have to be pathetic," I say, slumping my shoulders and fighting yet another yawn. "I'm sorry."
Luca grimaces, looking at Rafe, Jesse, and Daphne - all still clearly ready to continue the good time. And I can tell immediately that he's torn that he knows he should take me home but he really, really wants to stay out.
"Luca, stay," I say, smiling softly up at him and stepping close, putting my hands on his chest. He sighs and looks down at me, feeling guilty. "It's your big night! You should stay out till dawn! You don't have to turn in just because I'm being a big baby about being tired."
"Ari," he murmurs, running a hand over my hair with a frown-but... can see he's tempted. "If you don't stay out," I whisper, shaking my head up at him with a grin. "Then you lose, and Jesse wins. And we can't have that."
"It's true," Jesse says, nodding seriously, and I grin over at him- glad he gets the game, and that he too wants Luca to stay out and enjoy his big night. "Last man standing is the King. And gets Rafe's crown."
"Hey!" Rafe protests, laughing, but we all ignore him.
Luca fakes a grimace, looking down at me. "Well," he says with a shrug. "I've always wanted a crown."
"Good," I murmur, standing on my toes and begging for a kiss, which he gives me.
When he lets me back down, Luca looks seriously over at Ben. "You're going too? You'll make sure she gets home safe?*
"And face your left hook if I don't?" Ben asks, quirking an eyebrow before dipping into a bow. "You have my word, your highness."
"Hey!" Rafe protests again, as his title has been wantonly claimed now alongside his crown.
I squeeze Luca's hand before moving to Ben's side, linking my arm with his and giving him a nod. There are some brief goodbyes, and a lightning fast half-slurred lecture from Rafe about where to find the car and the million ways Ben will be murdered if I don't get to the palace in one piece, but then we're off.
I doze in the limo, my head resting gently against Ben's shoulder, but he nudges me awake when we arrive in the garages below the palace - a safer entrance, when it's just the two of us. I'm still yawning as we get into the elevator that will take us up to my family's floor.
"You're gonna sleep good tonight," Ben murmurs, leaning hard against the elevator wall.
"Lock who's talking," I say in response, way too tired to say anything truly witty. When we step out of the elevator into the quiet palace, I give Ben a big hug and wave him off towards his room as I turn to my own, thinking fondly of my fluffy duvet and cozy sheets.
But then, as I turn towards my family apartments, a certain scent hits my nose just right...
And my wolf perks up...
And I wonder, suddenly...
If I don't want to make a pitstop on my way to bed.
###Chapter 0357
Chapter 0357
My wolf yips inside of me, suddenly incredibly eager and awake, tuming in circles as we walk closer and closer to Jackson's door. Suddenly, I stop in the hallway, my jaw falling open as I look down at my chest-where she lives, alongside my spirit.
"You little brat!" I whisper aloud, appalled at her. She snickers, of all things - god, can wolves even snicker? "You were just pretending to be sleepy!"
My wolf doesn't answer me, just curls up demurely in my soul and crosses her paws, prim.
I laugh and roll my eyes, propelled forward, deciding not to think about it. I've had quite a bit to drink, after all - I probably won't get anywhere anyway.
The hallway is cool and dark as I tiptoe up to the door I know is Jackson's - the big suite in a quiet part of the palace where mom thought he'd be comfortable. Biting my lip a little, excited and anxious at once, I step close to the door and raise my fist, giving a quick little rap before whipping my hands behind my back.
At first, for a long moment, there's silence.
And then I burst into a grin, and my wolf gives an unintentional little howl, when I hear movement inside of the room - the soft rush of sheets, and then the soft sound of Jackson's footsteps - shockingly light for such a big guy.
The knob turns, and the door opens just a crack. I'm still grinning as I tilt my chin up to look into his gorgeous face, just barely visible in the dark
Unfortunately, there are sort of two of him right now, because my vision is...a little hazy from drinking. So, I close one eye and peer at him, grinning stupidly. "Hi," I say, pressing my hands together behind my back.
Jackson works hard to keep from smiling, but I can tell by the way that his eyes crinkle that he's not displeased. Nope, not one bit. Slowly, he pulls open the door, still not saying a word.
And my mouth pops open as my eyes drift down over him, taking in his bare chest, the pajama pants slung low over his hips.
Because...god...god damn it but Jackson is fit.
I just stare at him, shaking my head a little and realizing that I actually have not had many good opportunities to see Jackson shirtless- and certainly not this close. A few times, perhaps, during candidacy, when we were outside and it was hot and a couple of guys were working out without their shirts on? But that was always from a distance.
And I certainly never saw him in the showers - Jackson, he always took his showers privately, like I did.
So, I never-
"Ari," Jackson murmurs, laughing a little, reaching out a hand and curling a finger under my chin, turning my face up to look at him. "What are you staring at?"
"Nothing," I mutter quickly, blushing beet red to have been caught just ogling him. I whip my hands up, smacking them over my face, covering my eyes as well as my cheeks.
He laughs harder now, letting go of my chin and gently grabbing one of my wrists, trying to pull my hand away. But I hold tight, and he just succeeds in pulling me slightly off-balance in my ridiculous six-inch heels. "What are you doing?"
But I just shake my head, laughing with him now. "Nothing," I reply, keeping my eyes covered. "Just..not looking at you."
"Why not?" he murmurs, his voice dipping deep in that way I really, really like.
"Because," I sigh, stumbling again to lean against his doorframe. "You're just...very ugly, Jackson. Very difficult to look at, in the face area. And your body in particular-just-yuck- It's self-preservation, really, covering my eyes -
He bursts out laughing now, laughter that turns into a sharp snarl as he leans forward and grabs me around the waist. I squeal a little, in delight as well as a little visceral fear- Jackson, he is very frightening, after all, on like, a basic, bodily level and wrap my arms around his neck. Jackson pulls me up against him in the same moment that he yanks me into the room and pushes the door shut with a satisfying, definitive smack.
###Chapter 358
Chapter 0358
"I missed you," he murmurs, holding me close and falling back against the wall next to the door.
I grin at him in the dark of the room, my face very close to his, my feet nowhere near the ground. God, I love how he always picks me up. I don't know why it's not like he carries me anywhere or it does any productive good. I just...love it. "You did?" I whisper, delighted.
"I always miss you," he murmurs, leaning forward a little to nudge my nose with his.
"Oh yeah?" I say, sighing a little. "Even like, when I'm in the same room?"
Jackson just frowns at me like I'm crazy. "No, Ariel, that's ridiculous."
I burst out laughing, tilting my head back on my neck.
I can feel him grinning - feel it down the bond, feel it in the way that his chest rumbles. "Why would I miss you when you're still in the room?"
"Because!" I protest, laughing, pulling my head back up to look into his shining eyes. "It's romantic."
"It's dumb," he says, sighing happily and staring into my face, searching it like he's
memorizing the details. "If you're in the room, I'm glad you're there. I can't miss you in the same moment that I'm glad you're there."
"So, you're glad I'm here?" I whisper.
"Yes," he whispers back, simple and sweet. "Always want you near." And then he moves his head forward, as I hoped he would, and brings his mouth to mine, and kisses the daylights cut of me. I moan a little, loving the feeling of his lips on mine, the way he kisses me languidly, like he has all damn night to do it. I love the way his hands tighten against the silk of my dress, the way his skin feels hot under my hands as I let them slip down his neck, and over his shoulders.
Jackson shudders against me and then breaks away, loosing a long breath. In that, I can feel that he's working very hard to keep his control.
"What?" I mummur, closing the distance between us, wanting him to kiss me again.
"I just, um..." he clears his throat and quietly starts to lower me to the ground. I squeak in protest, bending my knees so that my feet lift far from the floor, so that when Jackson expects my heels to hit there's nothing there.
He bursts out laughing again and straightens up, and I grin with pleasure when I'm pressed again against his chest, right where I want to be. "Your parents were right," he murmurs, taking a deep breath and smiling at me, "trouble."
"Why are you trying to put me down?" I frown at him, not liking that he ended our kiss right when things were getting interesting.
"Because," he murmurs, looking at me seriously, shaking his head slightly. "It is..difficult, to not let myself get carried away with you, Ariel -"
I look at him wide-eyed, like that's kind of the point.
Jackson's face bursts into a grin like he can't help it, but then he forces his face into more serious lines. "And," he continues, like he needs to get this out while he can, even as his arms tighten around me, "you're kind of drunk, and you're exhausted-"
I squeak again, displeased and a little offended. "I am not very drunk, Jackson McClintock!" "You have to close one eye to look at me!"
"Vision aside, I am perfectly able to consent to...stuff." I growl, narrowing my eyes at him.
"All right," Jackson says, smirking a little now as he gets to what I can tell is the truth. "If you really want to know, Ariel, I am having trouble with this at the moment because you smell all over of Luca Grant."
I gasp, my eyes going wide. Then I groan, and slip my arms from around Jackson's neck, covering my face again in my embarrassment.
###Chapter 359
Chapter 0359
"And yeah," Jackson says, his voice humming with a little apology that he has to break it to me like this, "I'm having a little trouble getting in the mood to rip your clothes off when I can smell your other mate all over you."
When Jackson lowers me to the ground this time I put my feet down and consent to stand on my own.
"Oh my god," I murmur, shaking my head and taking a step away, mortified, dipping my face into my hands again. Because of course I smell of Luca - he has been all over me tonight. Holding me, hugging me, making out with me, putting his hands all over me. "Jackson, I'm so Sorry -
"It's fine," he says, laughing a little, reaching out and pulling my hands away from my face. I look up at him with my blush still on my cheeks, my eyes apologetic. "Honestly, Ariel, I don't care - I'm just going to have a little trouble losing myself in you until we fix that. I hope that makes...sense. I don't want you to feel bad."
"No, it makes total sense," I say, dropping my hands completely and standing straight, reaching for the zipper sewn into the side of my dress. "I totally get it."
"Ari," Jackson says, a little confused - and then I feel his panic as I swiftly tug my zipper all the way down and shimmy out of my dress, which drops to the floor in a heap of silk and satin and secret hidden underwire. As it falls, I turn away from Jacks, lifting my hands and crossing them over my chest to cup my suddenly cold breasts in my palms, a shiver running through me as I start towards Jackson's bathroom.
"An!" He groans, and I turn in surprise to see him slumped against the wall of his room, staring at me like he's devastated. "What on earth are you doing?"
I pause, confused as hell, and then nod my head towards his bathroom. "I'm going to go take a shower, Jacks."
Jackson groans, and hangs his head, his shoulders trembling slightly.
And then, faster than I can see him move, he's suddenly crossing the room to my side, grabbing me again with a snarl so fierce it makes me gasp. I stare at him for a split second, into his cold, determined eyes, before he gives me a wicked grin and tumbles into his bed, taking me with him.
I gasp as I land on top of Jackson in his bed, my hands still cupping my chest, my eyes wide. Not because it hurt at all-Jackson's far too careful with me for that but because it all happened very fast, and now all of a sudden I'm in Jackson's bed wearing nothing but my underwear and my heels.
"Jacks!" I gasp, staring first at him and then over at the bathroom door. "What are you doing!?"
"I'm taking you to bed, Ariel," he growls, rolling over me so that it's my back pressed into the mattress now and his body is leveraged over mine. I can't help the teeny little moan that slips from me when I feel the weight of his body pressing into me.
"But," I murmur, deeply distracted right now. "What about my scent - I can take a shower -
He growls as he shakes his head. "I'm not going to be able to handle that, Ariel," Jackson murmurs, his voice dead serious as he raises a hand and softly brushes my hair back out of my face. "The idea of you, naked, in that room? All wet and soapy? Your scent alone in the stearn, drifting out of the door..." He pauses, and then groans, and then ducks his head down against my shoulder like he can't handle it.
I laugh lightly, delighted that even the idea of me in the shower drives him that crazy. But still, I don't understand. "Jacks," I groan, pouting a little, wiggling down lower so that I can see into his face. Not even thinking of what it reveals, I lift my hands away from my chest and raise them to his cheeks. "I don't get it. ...still smell like him."
Jackson lowers his face slowly until he presses a soft, lingering kiss to my mouth. "There are other ways to fix that," he murmurs, and I shiver at the way his lips feel moving against mine as he speaks.
And then, to my shock, Jackson quickly slips a hand under my back and uses the leverage there to flip me over so that I'm laying on my belly. I gasp a little in my surprise, but he just laughs at me - a low, pleased, controlled noise - and then lays his weight gently down on me again, beginning to slowly move his hands all the way down my sides and then back up, touching every inch of my skin with his hands, with his wrists.
###Chapter 360
Chapter 0360
At first, my eyes flutter shut because of how good it feels - Jackson, something about when he touches me, it just...lights something in me, kindles a warmth, makes me feel so cozy and warm and adored. But then, after a few minutes after I realize that he's taking quite a bit of care to ensure that his wrists come in contact with my most important pressure points, and that his hands spread out from there-
I realize what's happening.
That Jackson is scent marking me - every inch of me, and taking a great deal of care in doing it. I smile, pleased at the idea that this is Jackson's very own version of claiming me, of marking me as his own, of wiping out every inch of Luca's scent by gently covering it with his.
The minutes slip by and I fall almost into a daze, my body moving with Jackson's as he covers me. I'm nowhere near falling asleep, but the state of calm into which I slip - it's like nothing I've ever felt before. Jackson's hands are gentle but firm as they move over my back, and down each of my arms, and then up over my neck. He presses gentle kisses to my skin as he goes, and I honestly don't think that they're part of the scent marking - I think it's just him being very sweet, and slightly unable to resist.
A little bit to my chagrin, Jackson leaves my underwear on - flimsy as they are-as he moves downward over my legs. A delicious shiver pulses through me, though, when he brings his face close to my ass, and presses his cheek briefly against it, and then gives my cheek a tiny nip with the edge of his canine. I laugh, pleased, and so does he.
But then he moves on, continuing down. When he gets to my feet, I hear him click his tongue in disapproval
"What?" I ask, tuming my head a little to peak at him as he kneels at my feet and bends my leg at the knee, lifting my shoe high.
Jackson gives me a dubious look. "These shoes are ridiculous, Clark.
I burst out laughing, delighted. "They are very fashionable and very expensive, McClintock." He grins at me and shakes his head, his fingers making fast work of the little buckle around my ankle. "They offer no traction, and I don't see how you can run in them-"
"They're not for running -* protest, grinning a little as I lay my head down on the pillow, peering at him over my shoulder.
"You're a spy, Clark," he growls. "You always need to be able to escape."
I shrug, conceding the point as he pulls the first shoe off and lets my leg drop. "They're supposed to be sexy," I murmur, still wanting to defend my little shoes just a bit.
Jackson moves his eyes to mine, perfectly serious as he grabs my other ankle, making me grin at the satisfying smack his palm makes against my skin before he bends my leg at the knee, lifting my foot higher.
"You have the world's most perfect feet, Ariel," he says, like it makes him kind of mad that I even wear shoes at all. "The idea that you could improve them by shoving them into some
stupid shoe..."
I grin at him, laughing a little, but he just shakes his head at me still dead serious - before he unbuckles the second shoe, slips it off, and then dips his head slightly and presses a kiss to the arch of my foot.
I gasp a little at that - at the feel of his soft lips against my ticklish skin, at the light stubble that grazes my toes, at the idea of being touched somewhere that I've obviously, obviously never been kissed by any other person.
God damn it, but I just start to come undone. Something in me, in my spirit, goes completely to pieces for Jackson - just crumbles down, until I'm completely bare. And it has nothing to do with the fact that I'm very nearly naked as Jackson finishes running his hands over my feet, and then crawls forward over the bed, and then slips a hand under my hip, pulling, asking me to roll onto my back.
Moving slowly, I comply.
###Chapter 361
Chapter 0361
No, the way I'm coming apart right now has...absolutely everything to do with this quiet moment, of being alone with Jackson in his dark room and knowing that no part of me his hidden from him right now. That I'm his, if he wants me, every piece of me, body and soul. And Jackson, to my delight, claims me. Eagerly, like I'm all he's ever wanted his whole life.
He gives me a small smile and holds my gaze as he lowers his face to my stomach. Then he dips his head and presses a soft kiss there, just below my navel. I raise a hand and run it through his silky hair, letting it slip through my fingers, just...adoring him.
And there's no need to pass any of these feelings down our bond - because it's all already open. What I feel, he feels. And to me, he gives precisely the same.
That little kiss to my stomach - it's as far as we go, physically, sexually. But the way that we connect as Jackson takes his time working his way all the way up my body, touching every inch of me, caressing my skin, noting every freckle and bend of my flesh, making sure every piece of me receives his scent?
God, I've never felt so connected to anyone in my entire life. So claimed, so wanted, so treasured.
When he's finished, Jackson gathers me into his arms in the quiet dark of his room and quietly slips the little diamond clips out of my hair. "These are very pretty," he murmurs, reaching over to put them on his bedside table. "But...tonight, I like you without. Just you, no adornments."
Thum my assent, agreeing, wanting to just be myself with him tonight. Nothing fancy, nothing extra. Just me, and my Jacks, and his arms around me.
I trace my fingers softly along his spine as he dips his head, pressing a kiss low on my neck, in that soft place just between my neck and my shoulder. And I smile, loving the feel of it. loving him.
And then my eyes drift shut, and I know his do too, right at the same time.
And just like that, quite simply,
We fall asleep.
When my eyes flutter open the next morning, I'm confused for a second, but then I break into a grin. Because even though I fell asleep on my side on the mattress, with my head pressed into one of mom's very expensive down pillows, I've woken up sprawled across Jackson's stomach and chest, just as I did during the Examination.
I smile, letting my eyes drift back shut, nuzzling my face closer to his bare chest and curling closer to him, even though that's a little impossible. Jackson's flat on his back, one arm wrapped protectively around me, the other flung out over the mattress. His mouth hangs open a little, adorably, as he breathes deeply. And I can feel each of those breaths raising, lightly, against my body.
Honestly, I should be waking my with a crick in my neck and sore muscles from such a strange position. But, really, I feel more rested and comfortable than I've maybe ever felt. Which is saying something, considering how much we all had to drink last night.
I'm basking quietly in the warmth of him in the still-dark room - Jackson has his curtains pulled shut, even though I can see a little sunlight peeking through - when I feel him twitch, slightly, and I feel him wake up. I grin at the sensation, which is so new and delightful, and only possible because our bond is so open to each other after last night. We're so connected to each other right now that when my little wolf turns her sleepy head and stretches out her nose, she rests it on Jackson's wolf's paw. His wolf grumbles sleepily and turns his nose towards her so their muzzles nearly touch.
I open my eyes again, and tilt my head up, grinning when I see Jacks peering at me a little blearily in the morning light.
Down our bond, I pass a warm and happy hello, pleased and quiet and comforted.
Jacks, to my surprise, just snarls and grabs me tighter to his chest, turning on his side and taking me with him so that we're laying face-to-face against the pillows. I burst out laughing as he shakes his head, pressing his eyes shut again.
"No," he murmurs, angry. "We're not up. It's not morning. You're imagining it - go back to sleep."
###Chapter 362
Chapter 0362
"Noco, baby," I say softly, laughing and reaching out to stroke his cheek. "We have to get up! There's a whole day waiting for us. And pancakes. And coffee. And little raspberry pastries."
He groans, slipping a hand down my back so that it settles at the dip of my spine, pulling me tight against him so that our bellies are flush. A warm rush pulses through me as I loop my leg over his, because I love that - love how he wants every inch of his skin pressed to mine, just as I want it too.
"No," he mutters, stubborn, shaking his head. But then he pauses, considering. "Well, the raspberry pastries..we can have those. But someone can bring them here, and slide them under the door, and then we'll eat them in bed."
"Okay, baby," I whisper, pleased, still stroking his hair and his face. "Whatever you want."
A little smile grows on his lips when I say that, and his eyes open, moving slowly over my face. "I like this," he murmurs, nodding. "Waking up with you here, in my bed. We should do this...every day."
"You don't mind that I apparently sleep on top of you?" I ask, grinning.
"No, I like that," he answers, his voice all growly and rough.
"You don't mind me passed out on your chest? Collapsing your ribcage in the night, making it all hard to breathe?"
"You are light, like a sparrow," he murmurs, leaning forward to press a kiss to my cheek even as I laugh. "Plus, I liked feeling you there, when I would wake up. The weight of you - it makes you feel...very real. Not like a dream."
"Do I sometimes feel like a dream?" I ask, my voice wandering a little, my thoughts still sleepy and disconnected.
"You've always been a dream," Jackson replies, easy, like it's a fact. "It's only when I have you here, warm against me, that I have proof that you're real. That I didn't just make you up."
I smile, shaking my head, hardly able to take the sweetness of him as I wrap my arms tight around his neck and pull him as close as I can. Jackson growls again, liking it, tuming again and taking me with him so that we get all tangled up in the sheets, so that I'm again laying on his chest and looking down into his face. My hair falls around us, a little, making a private curtain. He tucks one side back behind my ear, wanting to see me.
"I don't deserve you, Jacks," I say on a happy sigh, relaxing against him as I gaze down into his face. "No one does. You're too good and sweet."
"What a ridiculous thing to say," he murmurs, raising a hand to cup my cheek. "When we're all aware that you're way out of my league, Ariel."
I burst out laughing, shaking my head at him. "Jackson!" I protest, smacking him lightly on the chest. "Why would you even think that!?"
"Because you're a brave, talented, beautiful, charming princess who is clever as a fox. And I don't even know what a walk-in closet is."
I burst out laughing at this, tilting my head back and glancing over at the door to the closet, which I'm sure my mom has already filled with clothes. "Minor details, baby," I whisper, turning back to smile down into his face. "Knowledge of interior architecture aside, you're perfect."
Jackson grumbles discontentedly but wraps an arm around my shoulder, pulling me down so that my face rests again against his chest, where we started. Long moments pass and I feel my mind start to drift back to sleep, completely comfortable. Which is why Jackson's next words startle me so completely.
"I think that Luca..." he murmurs, awake and thoughtful, clearly musing aloud, "makes more sense than I do, as your mate, your match. At least on paper, as they say."
My eyes immediately fly open and I sit up a little, staring into Jackson's face.
"What?" I breathe, shocked, appalled. Because Luca is wonderful, but Jackson - I never, ever want him to doubt our connection. "What...where is this coming from, Jacks!? Why the hell would you say that!?"
He raises a hand to my cheek then, cupping it, looking at me a little sadly. "I saw everything last night, Ariel," he says, his words an apologetic whisper. "Every moment of the fight, and what you did to help him. And what you were like...with him. I saw...the way he made your smile."
###Chapter 363
Chapter 0363
My heart sinks at the thought of it, of Jackson seeing..that.
Because he's not wrong-last night was incredibly important for Luca and I. Our bond now - it's deeper than it was before, stronger and more significant. And he's not wrong - Luca and I presented our relationship to the nation last night to the world. And even though I have no idea what it looked like from an outsider's standpoint or on television...
I do know that we came across as a strong couple, dedicated and powerful. A perfect match. How could we have presented as anything else, when so much of that is the truth?
But still...while the rest of the nation may have celebrated that - their champion paired up with their Princess - how did it look to Jacks?
"Tell me," I murmur, leaning close and reaching for his face, cupping his cheek in my palm. Jackson leans into it, closing his eyes as he speaks.
"I went to the restaurant, like I said, with the guys I used to live with. It was...fine. It was good to see them, I guess."
I smile a little, because Jackson has friends - friends outside of me and my family, even if he didn't know to count them as such. He cracks his eyes open and laughs a little, shaking his head at me. "Would you come down here?" he murmurs, tugging me close again and turning so that we're face-to-face again. "It's harder to tell when you're looming over me like an owl." "Yes, fine, I'll look up at you like an adoring little mouse," I murmur, pleased that he wants to be more casual about it. Because if he's more casual, it means he's not devastated. Right? "Okay, little mouse," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my forehead before continuing on. "The whole thing was...fine, for a while. The television showed some screen shots and concentrated on you and your family for a bit - and I liked that."
"You did?" I ask, smiling a little.
"Sure," he says, nodding. "I knew the people on the TV. The guys I was with knew I'd been at the Academy, asked if I knew Rafe and Jesse. I said...a little bit."
I burst out laughing at the understatement here, considering that he's now basically part of the family.
"It felt like I had a secret," Jackson murmurs, still smiling a little. But that fades away when he moves on. "It was....harder. When Luca came out. And then he pointed to you in the crowd, and kissed his glove and held it out to you? And you...smiled like that?"
Jackson exhales all in a woosh, and my stomach sinks with guilt. I'm devastated, suddenly, to have put him through that.
God, what was I thinking? He told me he'd be watching-
"Don't," Jackson murmurs, and my eyes flick back to him. I frown a little - I hadn't even realized that I'd looked away. Softly, he strokes my face. "Don't feel guilty, Ariel. That's not... I'm not trying to make you feel bad."
"I know," I whisper, nodding. "And you should be able to tell me your experiences without worrying about how they make me feel."
He smirks at me, still stroking my cheek. "It's going to be hard sometimes. But I don't...want to keep anything back. I want to tell you the truth, all the time. Is that okay?"
Inod, meaning it, even if it means that it will hurt sometimes. Somehow, it feels the only way through. "Keep going," I whisper.
"The end was...really hard," Jackson says. "The whole bar was on its feet, shouting at the TV, and even the restaurant patrons came over to watch. When Luca went down, I didn't think they could scream any louder. But when you jumped out of the stands? God, the room exploded with cheers, and I thought I was never going to breathe again. The way your pounded on the mat? And called his name? And then he responded, and got up, and won, and it was clearly all because of you?"
Jackson exhales again and rolls away from me for a moment, covering his face briefly with his hand.
"Jacks," I say, even though...well, there's no meaning behind it. I slip my hand out, placing it solidly on his chest, wanting him to feel the corporeal reality of me right now.
Because I'm here. Right here. With him.
He feels the emotions behind my thoughts and turns his head back to me, nodding. "When you're here, Ariel? With me, and I can hold you and look at you? Everything feels different- makes sense, feels possible. It's only when I see you with him - see..well, see how much you love him..."
###Chapter 364
Chapter 0364
I press my lips together and keep my gaze on his face, not letting myself look away. But also not denying, at all, the way that Luca and I feel about each other. Because I don't want to lie and Luca is..so important to me.
"So what do we do?" I whisper, desperate to make it better. I can't go on with Jacks feeling like this - I don't want to make him feel like this ever, ever again.
"I think... maybe I just don't need to put myself in positions where I see it?" Jacks says, tentative.
"What do you mean?" I whisper.
"I mean," he shrugs, "... think I want boundaries. You have your space with Luca, and your space with me, and...I think I'd like to know as little about the details about the time you spend with Luca as possible. I mean, within reason," he continues, giving a little frown. "It's not like I won't ever be in the same room with you two again, and hugging and holding hands seems....fine. I just.."
He exhales again, deeply, and looks up at the ceiling.
"Tell me," I urge, wanting to know.
"I really..kind of wanted to kill him," Jackson whispers, and I can hear the guilt in the words as he utters them. "And even though I knew that feeling was wrong, and that I'd never do it, and that it would only hurt you..." he turns his head back to me. "It was a visceral, bodily reaction to seeing someone connect with my mate, I think. I don't...like feeling that way."
"Okay," I say, nodding quietly, understanding. "I..um. I don't know how to work that out, precisely. But I will, all right? More boundaries. I promise. I'm sorry, Jacks."
"Don't be sorry, please," he begs, rolling back towards me and taking me in his arms just the way I like him to. "None of it is your fault. You're just...living the life you were handed, Ariel. You can't feel guilty about that." And then he wraps me up so safe, so secure, and tucks his head down against my shoulder as my heart breaks that he felt that way.
I comb my fingers gently through Jackson's hair then, hurmming softly to him, pulling up feelings of comfort and softness and assurance and passing them all down our fully open bond, hoping they help him relax.
"It got a lot better," he murmurs, his words muffled by his head still tucked down by my shoulder. "When you came and knocked on my door."
I laugh a little. "Oh, yeah?" He presses a kiss to that spot on my neck before he lifts his head to smile at me.
"Yes," he says, nodding. "I was...going a little crazy, wondering what you were getting up to with him all night. Partying, and having fun, and...dancing and stuff. All things I can't do."
I laugh a little harder now, shaking my head at him. "You can party, Jacks, everyone can party with as much liquor as we had. And I'm sure you're an excellent dancer."
He scoffs at me, lowering his head again and kissing that same spot like it's his, like he owns it. "I've never danced a single step in my life, Ariel."
"Yeah, but if you tried," I say, a tingling starting in my core as Jackson keeps going. continuing to press kisses to my skin all the way to the edge of my shoulder, and then moving down. "I'm sure you'd be great at it."
He flicks his eyes up at me for a moment before continuing to trail kisses back towards my throat, and then lower. "What makes you think that?"
"Because," I say, my voice a little breathier now, even as I smile and drift my fingers through his silky dark hair. "I've seen you move, Jacks, you're incredibly good at controlling your body. I'm sure you'd figure out rhythm in an instant."
He hums consideringly, but like he doesn't believe it, and my breath comes a little faster as he presses kiss after kiss down the center of my chest, and then down my stomach.
And then I can't stand it not any more my mouth jealous of every other piece of me that's getting attention when it is not. I sit up sharply, grabbing his shoulders, pulling him back up towards me. "Please," I beg, leaning back, pulling him with me.
###Chapter 365
Chapter 0365
And my mate complies, wrapping a hand around the back of my neck as he brings his mouth to mine, where it belongs, and lays his body out on top of me. My leg hooks up over his hip, where it likes to be, and I kiss my mate rather desperately, with abandon. Half because want him - always want him, franticly want him- and half because I need him to know it.
A groan slips from between Jackson's lips as he presses himself tighter against me. He kisses me again and again, and with each kiss we sink deeper into each other as his palm slides hard against my skin, up over my rib cage to cup my breast for the first time. A shiver passes through me as he does, because even though I've been topless with him for hours now, this is the first time he's seriously acknowledged it.
I tilt my head back at the intensity of it, of Jackson's broad hand against me, of his calloused thumb rushing light across my nipple. He takes advantage, kissing my throat, running his tongue along the length of it. The shivers come harder now, more frequent, as my hips press up against him, wanting him, wanting him badly, losing my mind with it, as I always seem to do.
And all the while, I'm thinking that Jackson - he's mine. And even if he has this ridiculous idea that Luca is the one who is right for me, that Luca makes sense in a way that he does not...
Jackson? He is mine, and I claim him, and see every inch of him as a match for me -
"I don't think that," Jackson says, pulling back a little, frowning down at me. I pant up at him, confused for a second and he shakes his head at me, wrapping his arms around me so that one is tight around my waist and the other moves up between my shoulders, cradling my head and trapping me against him in a way I love. "I don't think that Luca is right for you, Ariel."
I blink at him, a little surprised because usually, we don't do words down our bond. But guess it's so open now that he caught on - that he can feel what I'm feeling, even without words being put to it.
"Wait," I say, confused and honestly a little too much in a makeout-induced haze to think straight, "then what do you think?"
He shakes his head again, staring at me intently, like it's the most important thing he's ever said. "I said that Luca looks like he makes more sense for you, on paper that you seern like the better match, I think that Luca's done a great job of convincing the tabloids that you're a perfect pair," he says, smirking a little now. And I can't help it, I smirk a bit too. "But that when it comes to the reality of you, Ariel? All of your complexities? All of your twists, and turns, and the woman you're growing into, the person you'll become?"
I go a little still in his arms because...what is he saying? Does Jackson really see me this way?
His smile broadens, and then he nudges his nose against mine, wolfish and heated and sweet. "He can't handle you," he whispers.
My face breaks into a challenging grin. "What, McClintock," I murmur. "And you think you can?"
"Yeah," he whispers, instant, with a smug little grin. "I think I can, Clark. I think I'm going to enjoy...handling you."
I groan then, and basically grab him, pulling his face to mine and making him kiss me again. My mate laughs and complies, laying me back down flat on the bed and kissing me hard, and fast, matching my desire and my desperation.
Because that's what I am now, for better or for worse-just.. desperate for Jacks, to feel him, every inch of him.
My body sings, and I let him feel it, when he slides his hand long down the length of my side, dipping behind me and grabbing a handful of my ass. He groans, tucking his head down against my shoulder like he can't handle it, but his body moves forward despite him. Jackson, in a break from his usual restraint, lets his hips shift forward so that I can feel every long, hard inch of him, pressed tight between my legs.
And then, groaning deeply, Jackson flexes his hips just once, sliding the length of his cock against me. And when I feel how thick, and heavy, and ready he is -
I fucking lose my mind.
I wrap both of my legs around his waist then, panting, my head tilted back so that Jackson has full access to my neck, bared before him. He licks me there again, and then presses his teeth against the soft skin, his canines just slightly extended to points. And I know - I know he wants to mark me.
###Chapter 366
Chapter 0366
Wants to sink himself deep into me, and bite me, and mark me as his own, and fuck me for hours - because I can feel it down the bond - and I want that -
I want it right now, immediately-
My hand slips down between us, pushing hard at the waistband of his pajamas -
But then I go still, my mouth gaping, as Jackson groans and pulls away from me, whispering my name.
I go still, staring at him for a second, not knowing-
But when I see the apology, and the hesitance on his face...
And I realize that Jackson is not going to be fucking me today...
I groan, and cover my face with my hands, and tilt my head slightly away from him. "You. Are. Killing me, McClintock," I whisper.
"I know, and I'm sorry," he replies, laughing a little bit and shifting his hips away. My wolf howls, outraged, desperately unhappy, jumping up and nipping his wolf hard below the jaw. But his wolf just growls, and takes her ruff lightly between his teeth, giving her a little shake. She glares up at him, but complies, behaving, even as a growl rumbles in her chest.
I shift my hands down from my face, staring at him, still panting a little. And he's still there, mostly on top of me, staring down at me and smiling his apology. But the lower half of his body has been shifted away, which is not what I wanted at all.
But honestly, why?
I don't understand, and I shake my head, and I know he feels it - my plea for an explanation.
"Don't take it that way," he murmurs, reaching out and petting my cheek softly. "I want you too, Ariel. This is not at all one-sided."
"Um!" I snap, sitting up a little to stare into his face. "It's feeling a little one-sided at the moment, Jacks!"
He grins at me, I think a little pleased at how much I want him, but he nudges me down the bond and urges me to feel everything that he's feeling too - and as I do, I see that he does want me as badly as I want him - that he's just as consumed by lust.
He's just way, way better at controlling it.
*Stupid warriors," I murmur, falling back on the pillows with a sigh. "And your stupid discipline."
*Espionage is supposed to be disciplined too," he reminds me, pressing a kiss to my shoulder.
*Selectively! When they have to be!" I reach out for him then, taking his face in my hands, making him look at me. "Why, Jacks? When I want to, and you want to...why wait? What's the point?"
"I want it to be right, Ariel," he says softly.
And when he says it that way so sweet, so simple...
Gad, I feel like such a jerk.
"Stop!" he bursts out, laughing, smiling and shaking his head at me. "Stop feeling so guilty - I'm the one putting the brakes on things. I should be apologizing to you."
"Well, yes, obviously, you should," I growl, crossing my arms and giving him a glare I don't mean. He grins at me, and leans forward to press a kiss to my lips. "Jackson," I murmur, wiggling down on the mattress so that I'm closer to him, so that I can stare up into his face. "If I'm rushing you, and you want to wait, then of course I'm okay with that. But...can you help me understand?" I shake my head. "I don't get it."
"I just...don't want to move so fast," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to each of my cheeks. "We have time - plenty of it. And I could pose the same question to you. Why are you in such a rush to lose your virginity?"
I laugh a little, finding the question a bit ironic coming from him. "What, and you're not?"
Jackson hesitates for a second, staring at me.
And then I gasp, and go perfectly still for a second, staring up at my mate.
"Ariel..." he murmurs, tilting his head to the side, almost awkward.
"Oh my god!" I gasp again, sitting up fast and nearly banging my head against his in my scramble to press myself hard against the headrest of the bed as I stare at him, gathering the sheets up to my chest in my shock.
Jackson sits up too, giving me a little grimace and shrugging his shoulders, just slightly.
*Jackson..." I whisper, gaping at him. "Are you...are you not a virgin!?"
###Chapter 367
Chapter 0367
"Um..." Jackson says lightly, looking uncomfortably to the side - a move he stole from me, I don't fail to note
And I gasp, even louder now, just staring at him, completely agape. Then, I find myself.
*Jackson!" I sputter, leaning back to kick him with my foot. Not because I'm pissed - I just can't believe I didn't know this! "What the...!"
"What!?" he says, laughing and lifting his head to look at me again, snatching my foot out of the air as I attempt to land a second blow. "You can have another mate, but I can't have a past!?"
"Um, you can't have a sexual past, when your whole vibe is being Mr. Women Are So Scary and I can't even talk to them! Jackson!"
He bursts out laughing at my description of him, but I just continue to stare, flabbergasted.
*Seriously, you can't even talk to the waitresses at your job in the city, but you've had sex before!?" I shake my head, totally not getting it.
"Okay, okay," he says, still holding my foot in is hand as he leans forward and puts a hand on my shoulder. "I get it - this was...unexpected. But you knew I'd kissed someone before - that I knew a girl."
*Kissing and sex are very different, Jacks," I growl, tugging my foot out of his hand and tucking it beneath me.
He shrugs a little, like perhaps it's not, and I just stare at him, wondering if I know him at all. And then I sit up straight, my feelings hurt all of a sudden because -
I mean, because it would make a lot more sense to me if Jackson didn't want to have sex with me right now because he was a virgin - like me - and wanted to ease into it. But there was another girl whom he was willing to go that far with...
So...
Wait. Why...why won't he have sex with me?
Did he... oh my god, did he like her more?
Did he like her MORE!? Was she hotter than me!?
Oh my god. Was she funny? If she was funny...I'm going to flip out.
*Stop," Jackson says, tightening his hand on my shoulder, sensing all of my feelings down the bond. His face falls into serious lines as he stares at me, hard. "Stop all of that, right now. None of that's true, Ariel."
"Well..." I say softly, kind of adrift emotionally and starting to get upset. I tighten my fists around the fabric of the sheet, holding it closer to me. "What... what is true?"
"Come here," he whispers, opening his arms to me even as he twists so that his back is to the headrest too. I do as he urges, climbing into his lap and letting him wrap me up, trusting him completely even if I am confused and a little dismayed. "I'll tell you everything, if you want to hear it."
*Of course I want to hear it," I breathe, still staring at his face. God, am I even blinking anymore? Have I forgotten how to blink?
*Do you want to hear it?" he asks, grimacing a little. "You get...a little jealous, Ariel."
I scoff a little, thinking that that's a little bit of a baseless claim.
"The waitresses?" he urges, raising an eyebrow at me.
Instantly, my eyes narrow. "What, was she a waitress? Wait - did they make a move on you last night?" I snap, sitting up straighter. "Which one? Was she pretty? Where does she -*
But the way he smirks at me makes me stop mid-harangue. And I snap my mouth shut, and scowl, and lean back against his arm.
"Don't get me wrong, Clark, I like it when you get a little jealous," he murmurs, his smirk deepening as he rocks me a little. "But...you're not going to like some parts of this story. And it can wait, or...I don't have to tell you at all."
"Oh, you're telling me this story, sir," I say, snapping my eyes up to him, knowing that the mystery of it will keep me up at night if I don't know all of the details right now.
###Chapter 368
Chapter 0368
"Okay," he says, his smirk softening to a smile. "But...I mean, are you mad? That I'm not a virgin, like you?"
"Wait, how do you know I'm a virgin?" I ask, narrowing my eyes.
He sniffs the air around me. "I can tell by your scent."
"What!?" I screech, eyes wide.
But he just laughs at me and shakes his head, and I shriek again and smack him on the chest when I realize that he's kidding.
*I just... put the pieces together, Ari. I think you've had a sheltered life and Jesse would have teased you about it in front of me if you'd had a serious boyfriend before. He wouldn't have been able to resist that bait. And I think if you'd slept with Luca...he'd have let me know."
I sigh, realizing that that's right. That Luca absolutely would have used it as leverage against Jackson - wouldn't have been able to resist it in the same way Jesse can't resist a good tease.
"So," Jackson continues, shrugging again. "Just...an educated guess. But...I mean, are you? Mad?"
"No, Jacks," I say instantly, suddenly sorry that my reaction made him think that. "I don't care that you've had a history. I'm just... surprised. When Daphne came into the room that time you were ready to bolt - and she didn't even want to sleep with you -*
"Yes she did," he murmurs, dry.
I burst out laughing and smack him again, not bothering to mention that she did think he was cute - second only to Rafe, in her estimation. "Shut up," I growl, jealousy rankling in me a little at the thought. "But seriously? How did this happen?"
"It was... at the Community," Jackson says quietly, getting started on the story. "Her name..." he hesitates, "Do you want to know her name?"
I consider it for a second, and then nod.
"Her name was Tasha," he continues, holding my gaze. "And it was all...really strange."
"Okay," I say, feeling oddly half tense and half calm. I lean back against his arm a little, still clutching the sheets to my chest so I have something to hold tight in my fists. "Tell me everything, Jacks."
"Okay," he murmurs, and then he leans forward to press a long kiss to my lips, passing all his love and assurance and adoration down the bond to me before he starts, letting me hold onto it while he speaks so that I know that the story itself changes nothing.
When he pulls away he looks at me curiously, asking if I'm ready for it. And I nod.
"It was....spring?" he says, taking a deep breath, his eyes going a little far off as he gets started. Jackson shakes his head at the memory. "About three years ago. That's...all I've got, time-wise. Time works differently in the Community than it does here. We don't have...calendars. No weeks, no months. Just days, following one after another, and then seasons of course. But even those aren't marked by holidays, so," he shrugs, blinking and focusing on me again. "It's... hard to tell when things happened, or what's coming up."
I nod, urging him to continue.
"When I got to the city," he says softly, musing, "I thought you all had such a ridiculous mania for tracking time. Like everyone's on the same clock, down the second?" he shakes his head, frowning. "I mean, why? I still think that, a little bit. But I also realized that... that perhaps the Community took away time as a further way to control us. You can't make plans to meet up with people, or to escape, if you've got no way to plan when that happens. Except the moon, but..."
He sighs, and hangs his head a bit, and I reach out to put my hand on his cheek.
And then raises his head to look into my eyes, his face a little sad, and he begins to tell me everything.
###Chapter 369
Chapter 0369
"I knew it was spring," he murmurs, his head still hanging as he gets back on track, "because the riverbank was seriously muddy. Like, I kept slipping in it, couldn't keep my footing, annoying as hell. In winter, it's frozen solid. In summer, it's so dry that the dirt...puffs up in the air."
He sighs, raising his eyes to mine, and shrugs. And I smile a little, a small part of me really liking the idea that he told the passing of the year by how difficult it was not to slip and fall face-first into a river. But I don't say anything, just letting him continue.
*They sent us out, one day, to collect wood, of all things." His face screws up in confusion. "And you have to understand, Ari, like....we didn't collect wood - not me and the guys from my barracks. We were warriors at this point - not even in training anymore. Our jobs were to eat, and to... work out, and spar, for lack of better terms. And to keep the barracks clean. I was never given chores outside the barracks like collecting wood - not unless it was an emergency or something."
He continues, then, telling me about how the elders sent them out into the forest to collect firewood, instructed to bring back as much as they could carry.
*I was collecting by the stream," he murmurs, his eyes going distant as he remembers, "and I was getting...pissed, because all the wood was wet, because I knew it wasn't going to be any good in the fireplace. And then, suddenly... she was there."
*Tasha?" I ask, a little breathless.
His eyes focus again on me. "Yeah. She was just there, in the woods with me. Like she'd just appeared or something."
"What did you do?" I ask, my voice quiet like I'm trying not to spook him.
"I dropped...everything," he says, laughing, covering his face a little like he does when he's embarrassed. I grin, watching him, not able to help it. "I was just so shocked - everything I was holding went right to the ground. Scattered - into the mud. She...laughed at me."
Jealousy swells in me at this because....I mean, it's cute, isn't it? A girl and a boy meet in a forest, and my sweetheart Jacks reacts exactly as you thought he might.
*I tried to back off, to run, but she...she stopped me. Called out to me, told me to stay. Called me by my name. Called me Jackson."
I see something there, about how that means something to him. But I don't press.
*She came close then, and took my hand, and told me to stay with her for a little bit. But Ariel," he shakes his head now, and his voice grows low like he's still afraid. "When I said, before, that women were forbidden - I mean forbidden. I knew that this wasn't allowed. I knew that even talking to her was off-limits, and here she was, saying my name? She took my hand..."
He takes a deep breath like it's hard to tell, and I scootch closer to him, wanting him to feel my support. Because I can tell that this isn't easy for him and also, that he's never told anyone this before. Update first at N?velDráma. Org.
"She was really, really nice to me, Ariel," he says softly, and I nod, because I believe him. I clench my teeth and close down the bond a little because I don't want him to see how incredibly sorry it makes me - that a girl was nice to him, and that it meant so much. It shouldn't... shouldn't have to be so hard.
"How was she nice?" I whisper, urging him to tell me more.
"We sat down by the river, and she held my hand, and asked me questions about my life. It got easier, because she kept laughing at me - but not like, in a bad way. Laughing like she thought I was cute, laughing at...how anxious I was. She told me to relax, that it was okay. And I started to believe her, and I got to ask her some questions too. She told me that she liked...cooking? And birds. And the color yellow."
He smiles at these details and I can't help it - I smile too. Because even if I am jealous - and I have to admit that
I am very, very jealous - I want Jackson to have held the hand of a girl who likes yellow, and birds, and cooking.
"It happened fast after that," he says, hanging his head a little, I think maybe liking this part less. "I...didn't understand it. She kissed me, and then...she moved my hands? To touch her. And I did. And then, faster than you'd think, our clothes were off, and.."
###Chapter 370
Chapter 0370
He shrugs, stopping there, perhaps sensing that I don't want all the details. Or wanting to keep them for himself. But I don't begrudge him that.
I frown a little, though, at this phrasing. "So..." I say carefully, softly. "Did you not..."
*If you're asking if I wanted to," he murmurs, lifting his eyes to mine. "I did. That wasn't...the problem."
"Was there a problem?"
"No," he replies, earnest. "I mean, I liked it. I liked it a lot. We did it again, a couple more times after that day. They sent us out into the woods more often, and we'd collect wood, and sometimes she'd be there and sometimes she wouldn't. But when she was there, I was thrilled - and she was happy too, I could tell. We got closer, enjoyed each other's company, liked..." he sighs, and shakes his head a little like he doesn't know how to explain it. "We liked the physical stuff too I know we did."
"That's good, though," I murmur, reaching out a hand and lightly tracing my fingers through his hair. "Isn't it?"
"Yeah," he says. "I just...I mean, after...actually, I don't now how long it lasted. But it just stopped. They sent me out into the woods still, but I just gathered wood, and brought it back, and she wasn't there anymore. I never heard from her again, never...I mean, I don't know what happened to her."
My heart sinks, worried now. Because...what the hell is going on in his world, that his girl was able to find him for a season and then disappear? Was she some kind of magical fae? Some figment of his imagination?
I watch him carefully and we're both quiet for a long couple of moments.
"How do you feel about it?" I ask quietly, not knowing precisely how to feel myself and wanting his guidance. Because, on one hand, that sounds like....well, kind of like a perfectly lovely and acceptable way to lose your virginity. Two young people meeting in the woods, attracted to each other, not really knowing what they're doing and it just...happens. Update first at N?velDráma. Org.
But somehow, I know that it's more complicated than that for Jacks.
*I feel really weird about it, Ari," he murmurs, looking down at his hands. "I feel torn. Because, on one hand, she's a really nice girl and I'm grateful to her for being so kind to me. Like, you can't understand what it was like - we didn't even know we were unhappy in the barracks, not really, because...we didn't have anything to compare it to. But those handful of hours, stolen with Tasha in the woods..." he looks up at me now, and the sheer emotion on his face almost bowls me over. "She made me to want more, Ariel. She taught me to want more."
I nod, letting him know that I understand - or that I'm starting to. I sense, though, that there are so many layers to this - a depth of complication and emotion that I can't even get to, because not even Jackson has gotten there yet.
"What's the other hand?" I murmur, continuing to run my fingers through his hair.
"The other hand," he says, his voice dropping a little in anger. "Is that... didn't even....know what was happening. I was so embarrassed when I found out."
I frown at him for a moment, not getting, and he inhales deeply, figuring out how to explain.
"I hadn't had sex before, obviously," he murmurs, staring off into the distance. "But I had done...stuff. To myself... you know. When I was alone."
A little blush creeps onto his cheeks, and I smile a bit, continuing to stroke my fingers through his hair, because it is weird to talk about masturbation with people. Such a personal thing - something we're taught to keep hidden away, Jackson probably more than anyone else.
"So," he continues, taking a breath and moving briskly on, "the sensations themselves weren't really a surprise. Though, sex is..." he puffs out a breath and raises his eyebrows, like sex is just a whole other world from getting yourself off alone in bed.
I sigh a little, because I wouldn't know, and Jackson smirks as he glances at me. "Sorry," he murmurs.
"No, don't be," I say, a little sarcastic. "I mean, I tried to find out this morning..."
He laughs and glances at me, but I murmur assurances that I'm just teasing him, and he nods, continuing, his spirit a bit brighter.
"What were you embarrassed about?" I prompt, wanting to know.
Jackson exhales a long breath.
###Chapter 371
Chapter 0371
"I was embarrassed," he says, looking away from me again. "Because...when I came to the city and started watching TV, people of course talked about sex casually - that husbands and wives did it, and mates, and boyfriends and girlfriends. But...they talked about it like it was this big thing - especially losing your virginity, how intense and emotional and special it was. And I was so interested because I was like...well what the hell is that? What's sex? What could it be? And then I saw some movies that showed people actually having sex...
His words fade off, and suddenly it all snaps together. "Oh," I say, sitting up a little straighter. "And you realized that you'd...you'd done it before."
"Yeah," he says, looking down at his hands. "And I felt... I don't know, kind of robbed? Not by Tasha - but by the Community, by my education. I should have known that it was...important. That it was big. That it's not something that most people casually do by the river, but it's something that a lot of people understand as an act that...brings people together. People who love each other."
We're both quiet now, and my hand slips down from his hair, down his neck to rest on his shoulder. I study him carefully, his handsome profile, his powerful frame. Physically, he can withstand so much. And yet it's this - these small, stolen things that truly break him down.
"Did you love her?" I ask quietly, curious. And as I ask it I realize that I won't begrudge him if the answer is yes. That instead I might even be happy - I will have wanted him to have that love in a world that took so much away from him.
"No," he answers, looking at me seriously. "I liked her a lot, Ariel, I was really fond of her. But what we had, how I felt about her?" He shakes his head softly. "It is... nothing compared to..." he gestures to me now, to the bond between us. And I nod, accepting it, understanding.
We stare at each other for a long time in the dark of Jackson's room, both of us feeling the complexities of this thing, feeling a sorrow for everything that was taken from him, and joy for what we've found now. Update first at N?velDráma. Org.
Because no matter what came before, we have each other in this moment. And I again feel that fierce protective instinct well up in me, like if anyone comes for my baby Jacks - lays a single finger on his emotions, I'm just going to rip them to shreds.
*Come here, baby," I murmur, dropping the sheet from my hands and opening my arms to him. Jackson obeys, letting himself lean over lightly until he topples into my arms. I laugh a little, working hard to stay upright as the full, not insubstantial weight of his upper half comes to rest against me. But I prevail, and stay upright, and hug him close, tucking my chin against his head.
Jackson sighs, long and steady, and in it I feel a thousand things. Feel the relief in having me to talk to, in unburdening himself. And worry, that I won't fully understand, or that he didn't tell it right. And sadness, in having to remember it at all, this part of his life that he's so eager to leave behind.
"Don't leave it all behind, Jacks," I whisper. "It's still your history. It's still yours."
"I'm not sure it is, Ari," he murmurs. "It was so...calculated. So controlled. I think it's theirs."
I don't counter, not knowing how much good it will do. But, I do quietly - in a secret part of me that I hope Jackson can't hear or feel - determine to talk to mom about getting him a therapist. Because my sweet Jacks - he's been through the ringer, hasn't he? And as much as I want to be here to listen and hold him through all of it, I know that I don't know enough to help him through some of the more complex emotions.
But there are, I know, some things I can do to make it better.
"I know you don't want me to apologize anymore," I say quietly, my arms firm around him as I kiss the side of his head again. "But...I'm sorry if I pressured you too much to go too fast. I didn't think about what it might be like from your side. And that's not fair."
###Chapter 372
Chapter 0372
*Yeah, I absolutely do not want you to apologize for that, Ari," Jackson says, turning a little so that we're face-to- face again, so that I can see his frown. He sits up straighter, wrapping an arm around me. "I don't want you to think I don't want to have sex with you. Because..." he raises his eyebrows now and looks at me seriously," Believe me when I say that...I want to."
I grin a little at the way his voice got all low and gravelly when he said that, but I don't tease him about it. Instead, I just nod and put a hand on his cheek - because I do believe him. I can feel it, down our bond, that it is not just me. That he wants me just as bad. He just...needs more time.
He turns his head a little, kissing my hand before looking back into my eyes. "We just have time, right? I kind of want to..." he grins now, I think feeling like it might be a little tacky, "to date you. And let it grow. And...you know. Get there when we get there."
I burst into a grin, leaning close. "You want to date me, Jackson McClintock?" I say in my best high school girl voice, because it's just too adorable to not tease him about. Just a teeny, tiny bit.
"Yup," he says, grinning right back at me, holding me tighter. "I want to date the hell out of you, Ariel Sinclair. And then, when we get to the sex," he shrugs, like it's no big deal, "it will... mean something. Won't just be something we do because our bodies wanted to, or whatever. Is that...okay?"
"Yeah, it's okay," I whisper, leaning close and pressing my forehead against his. "Um...can we still make out and stuff?"
"Yeah," he says, smiling deeply at me and tugging on my hips so that I'm basically in his lap again. I squeal a bit, because it's my favorite place to be. "We can make out, Ariel. And...stuff."
As if to prove his point, Jackson kisses me slowly and deeply, in the way he knows I like best. And I lean back against his arm and let him take control, kissing him back languidly, enjoying the feeling of his mouth and his tongue pressing against my own, especially now that I know that this is as far as it's going to go right now.
And inwardly, I smile, because....I mean, because it's kind of amazing, isn't it? I thought that Jackson and I were close, incredibly close, so deeply bonded that it couldn't get more intense. And yet here we are, not having sex after I've been mostly naked in his bed for an extended period of time, and it's...
It's deeper. It's better. And I'm so terribly in love with him that...god, I just don't know how to manage it.
But as Jackson's arms tighten around me and he leans me backwards just a touch further, I smile. Because I know he's going to be there to help me.
I'm losing myself completely to Jackson, my mind going to that hazy space it always does when he kisses me for any extended period of time at all, when suddenly my wolf leaps to her feet inside of me.
Oh no, she murmurs, her legs going stock straight as she stands, staring, feeling the wave of him coming down the hall towards us.
Because he's close now, and we can feel him, feel the anger and the pain and the horror and the dismay radiating off him like a cloud.
Jackson's wolf, feeling my wolf's movement, likewise jumps to his feet, a growl rising in his throat. Jackson and I both start in the same instant, pulling apart just an inch and staring, shocked, into each other's eyes the moment before the pounding begins on the door.
*Shit," I whisper, my head spinning towards the noise.
*Ariel!" Luca shouts, continuing to pound as he does. "Ariel, get the hell out of there! Right now!" My eyes go wide, and Jackson's growl rises in his chest, his throat, as he holds me tight.
I glance over at him. "Jacks," I whisper. "He's going to wake the whole palace - guards are going to come running if we don't get the door right now."
###Chapter 373
Chapter 0373
Jackson stares at me for a second and then nods even as he growls, pressing a last kiss to my cheek before standing up and striding, of all places, towards his dresser.
Frantic to make the noise stop - honestly, the way Luca's shouting my name and slamming himself against the door, I think he's actually trying to knock it down - I roll off the bed too and scurry for the door.
*Ariel, I swear to god, if you don't open this door and get your ass out here -*
I'm almost there, my eyes on the handle, but Jackson grabs my arm as I go.
*Jacks!" I gasp, staring up at him, not knowing why he's stopped me.
"It's my room, Ariel," Jackson bites out, holding out the gigantic t-shirt and pair of pajama pants to me. I stare at them for a second before I realize what he means that I should, obviously, put them on before answering the door topless in my underwear.
I nod eagerly and take the clothes from my mate, pulling the shirt over my head and then stumbling as I try to get the pants on. The whole time, Luca continues to shout and to pound on the door. "Jackson!" I protest, glancing anxiously towards the sound. "Open it!"
"My room," Jackson snaps - obviously not mad at me, but at god damn Luca raising a racket at his door. "I'll answer it when I'm ready. I never had doors to close growing up, and now that I do, I'm damn well going to enforce my right to boundaries."
Something about that - about Jackson letting Luca wear himself out at the door because it's his and he and I can do as we please behind it - makes me burst into a grin. Hastily, I finish pulling the pants up over my hips and pull the drawstring tight. The pants are still ridiculously large - at least double the fabric that I'd usually use - but ...well. I'm covered now, aren't I?
Jackson nods once, brushing a hand over my hair, and then strides to the door, pulling it open in a single swing.
"What the fuck do you think you're fucking doing!?" Luca snarls, stepping immediately into Jackson's space and glaring up at him, completely livid. I take a step back, my eyes going wide, when I realize that his canines have elongated - that he's ready for a fight.
"You're the one in your girlfriend's parent's house," Jackson growls, stepping forward to glower down at Luca," embarrassing yourself by making a god damn racket." Update first at N?velDráma. Org.
The growl that builds in Luca's chest is a dangerous one, and I see his hands ball into fists. My eyes go wide because after last night? I definitely know what those fists can do, even when a guy is much bigger than he is, like Jackson.
*Luca!" I shout out, desperate and livid at once.
His head whips to me and he immediately abandons his issue with Jackson, stepping towards me, angry. "Ariel, god damn it -"
But before he can get any more words out his own eye go wide and he stumbles back a step, his hand flying to his mouth, covering his nose. "Oh...oh my god," he murmurs, falling back a few more steps like he's been shoved." Oh my god!"
"What is it?" I gasp, looking around frantically. I take a step towards him but he puts a hand out towards me, palm flat, begging me to stop.
My head snaps to the left, because suddenly Jesse is flying down the hall, skidding to a stop outside Jackson's room and almost tripping over his damn feet in his hurry. "What the fuck!?" he hisses, looking frantically into the room and then to his right as Rafe comes barreling down the hall after him, his eyebrows so high they're basically in his hairline.
"What's wrong!? Is everyone okay!?" my brother gasps.
"We're fine!" I shout, stepping towards them, reaching for them, desperate to pull them into the room and get the noise out of the hall.
"You're okay!?" Jesse gasps, staring at me, tugging Rafe into the room after him and then turning to glare at Luca, who is pale and breathing hard, his hand still over the lower half of his face. "Luca! What the fuck! You cannot go screaming like that in the palace unless someone is literally dying - Uncle Dom is going to kill you -"
"Oh my God!" Rafe says, taking a step towards me, wide-eyed.
Jackson takes a step too, looking frantically between me and Rafe as I look shocked at my brother, both of us trying to figure out what's wrong.
"What?" I gasp, starting to get scared.
Honestly, why is everyone acting so insane!?
*Ariel..." Rafe breathes, stepping towards me and reaching for me. "Did he...did Jackson mark you!?"
###Chapter 374
Chapter 0374
"What?" I gasp, swatting his hands away.
But Rafe ignores me, reaching for my shirt, tugging back the neck on either side, looking for a bite, the signal that Jackson has claimed me as his mate, officially, incontrovertibly.
"Rafe!" I growl, shoving him away from me - god, sometimes, brothers are so damn annoying and have no sense of personal space. "No, he didn't! Why would you even think that!?"
"Um," Jesse says, staring at me wide-eyed and starting to laugh a little now. I narrow my eyes at him, adding cousins to the critique I just made of brothers. "Ariel... because you smell like you've been marked."
"What?" I gasp, my hands flying to my neck. I mean...no. But that's ridiculous. I would have known. My eyes fly to Luca, who is slumped against the bed, his head hanging, his shoulder shaking.
"He's right," Rafe murmurs, leaning closer, sniffing me. "You smell...all over of Jackson. But... mixed, the way a Luna's scent changes when she's been marked. What..."
But then Jesse laughs again, a huge guffaw this time. I gape at him, appalled, not knowing what's so funny. Especially as-
My eyes shift to Luca again, who is just staring at me, horrified. And as I watch, he actually gags, turning away from me and pressing his eyes shut.
*Jesse!" I shout, my gaze passing over Jackson - who stands stock still and a little freaked out - as I look back at my cousin. "What the hell is so funny!? Tell me! Now!" I stomp my foot, getting mad and very overwhelmed.
"Ariel," Jesse says, stepping closer to me and shooting a grin at Jackson over my shoulder. "Did he... did he scent mark you?"
"Um," I say, looking at Jesse and then at Jackson, who still stares around at us, freaked out. "Is that...bad?"
Jesse bursts out laughing, tilting his head back to the ceiling, and to my shock Rafe goes with him. Luca makes no improvement, turning his head away from me and shaking it like he's devastated. My eyes lock with Jackson's and I can tell we both don't get it.
I lose my temper, striding over to Jesse and giving him a hard shove. "Jesse!" I shout. "Stop it! What's so funny about this! You used to scent mark me all the time - every day! What's the big deal!?"
*Ariel," Jesse sputters, still laughing and taking my cheeks between his palms once he recovers his balance. "I marked you with my wrists over your major glands - your wrists, and your neck. And that was enough to fool everyone - to cover your scent, convince everyone that you were someone else. The way you're smelling right now?" He sniffs the air around me, delicately, and then bursts out laughing again. "Damn, he gave you the full business, didn't you?"
I gasp a little, looking over at Jackson, who just...shrugs.
"Why did you do that!? Rafe asks, turning to grin at Jackson. And my shoulders start to unwind for a second because...well, Rafe's smiling. So...I don't think it's anything...bad.... Update first at N?velDráma. Org.
"I don't know," Jackson murmurs. "She...smelled like him," he says, gesturing over to Luca, who still won't look at me. "...fixed it."
Rafe and Jesse burst out laughing again.
"What!?" I protest, stomping my foot. "Why is it so bad!?"
"How did you know how to do it, if you didn't know what the result would be?" Jesse asks, grinning at Jacks, clearly delighted and scandalized.
"I don't know," Jackson says awkwardly, covering his face with his hand, embarrassed. "I just...did what my body told me to do. I don't know!"
"Why is it badddd," I groan, between my teeth, glaring between my brother and my cousin now.
"It's bad," Luca barks out, "because you smell fucking awful."
I gasp, staring at him, horrified by his words.
"Oh, she does not," Jackson murmurs, dropping his hand to glare at Luca.
"Do I smell awful?" I ask, whipping my head to Jesse - because he'll tell me. He won't sugar coat it, either.
"No, Ari," he says, smiling a little more gently now as he puts a hand on my shoulder. "You just smel...like Jackson now. A little bit. Like Jackson and like you - honey, cloves, and pine needles. It's not bad."
"Oh," I say, my eyes going wide, and then I shoot Jacks a little smile because....I mean, that sounds kind of nice.
Luca mutters angrily, but he turns towards us now, apparently over his nausea.
"It doesn't smell bad," Rafe says, grinning wickedly at me now. "But...I mean, everyone's going to know what happened here."
"What.." I ask, my words faltering. "What do you...
And then my mouth falls open in horror as I register what my brother is saying.
###Chapter 375
Chapter 0375
"Ariel," Jesse says, tightening the hand on my shoulder as he grins at me. "This isn't going to wash off like my scent markings in the Academy did. Jackson's.... in your pores now. For a couple of days, every Luna you meet is going to be begging to see your new mark, and every Alpha is going to be giving you some distance, lest Jacks bites his head off."
Luca just stands, tense, against the bed, his mouth pressed shut and his throat working like he's fighting strong nausea. But I can't pay attention now, turning to Jesse, desperate for more information. But Rafe interrupts.
*And dad," Rafe says, his grin deepening, "is going to flip."
"What!?" I shriek, totally freaked out now, looking between them and then over at Jacks. "But I! We didn't! I don't have his mark! We just..."
I groan, and drop my face into my hands, mortified.
Because Rafe and Jesse are too polite to say it, but what they really mean is that I now smell like Jackson and I were up fucking all night, consummating our mating bond and making it official.
But we weren't!
"Why does scent marking even exist," I moan against my palms. "If it does the same thing as giving someone your mark?"
*To claim someone before you mark them," Rafe says, and I lift my head in time to see him giving a little shrug." Or to..." he laughs a little here, "claim a second or a third person, as part of your harem, when you've already given your mark to someone else. I mean, an antiquated use considering that polygamous relationships aren't really a thing anymore but," he shugs, "I can see how it would make sense."
I groan, tilting my head back, thinking that that hits a little too close to home in this case and Jesse and Rafe laugh. Gently, not cruel, but seeing the humor in it in a way that I can't just yet.
"I'm so glad this is all so fucking hilarious to everyone," Luca snaps, and when I turn my head to him I see his shoulders still trembling slightly as he glares around at each of us in turn. "Now could everyone please fucking leave, so I can have a conversation with my mate about why she left the me at the club early last night, claiming she was tired, only to climb into McClintock's bed and apparently stay up for hours?"
My mouth drops open in shock at the accusation in that. Update first at N?velDráma. Org.
But even as it does, my mind turns to my sneaky wolf who pretended to be sleepy last night, who now turns in a guilty circle inside of me, her head hanging low. Instantly, I snap the bond shut to both Luca and Jackson, not wanting them to know her role in this.
But Jackson lifts his eyes to me, and I realize that...I may have been just a little too late on that one.
"Too fucking far, Grant," Rafe snaps, stepping forward towards Luca and coming immediately to my defense." You have no idea what happened last night."
*Clearly," Luca growls, gesturing towards me and keeping his eyes locked on mine. "I do."
Jesse stands awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck, looking at me out of the corner of his eye. "It doesn't look great, Ari," he murmurs.
And I sigh, and hang my head. "It was.... not my intent," I murmur, trying to walk a fine line here between making Luca feel better an honoring the time I spent with Jackson. Because... I mean, both are important.
*Do you understand how this makes me feel?" Luca says, his voice still snapping with his anger as he steps towards me. He stares at me with such hurt in his eyes, pain all over him, that my lip begins to tremble, my shoulders to slump. "On the biggest night of my life, Ariel - a night when we came together in such an important way? You leave early, to go to bed with him."
I look up into Luca's eyes, feeling absolutely terrible, and I opening the bond between us jsut a little so that he can
feel it too - feel the truth of it. Because I do understand, now that I see it that way. Yesterday, last night, were so important to Luca - so important for us.
And from his perspective, it kind of looks like I tricked him - like I pretended to be tired, and left early, just so could climb into Jackson's bed.
But that's... that's not at all what happened.
Luca groans, burying his face against his hands and turning away from me, like he can't bear to look at me.
*I came home," I say carefully, my eyes fixed on his back, my voice shaking a little as I try to explain. "And Ben walked me to my room. And before I went in, I decided to...come and check on Jacks. To see how his night went."
I flick my eyes to Jacks, because that is...an understatement. But he nods to me, letting me know that he understands that I'm walking a fine line.
###Chapter 0376
Chapter 0376
"That's it," I say, finishing up. And Luca turns back to me, glaring a little, seeking more than that- wanting an apology, for me to say that I regret it, that I did him wrong.
But I lift my chin, just slightly, and don't say anything else. Because I don't regret it - and I didn't do anything wrong. I am sorry that I hurt his feelings, and that it came out looking like I betrayed him.
But.
I don't regret it, and I'm not lying. My wolf's intentions aside - because those are her own business - I didn't do anything to betray Luca. Not a damn thing.
Luca studies me for a long moment, still clearly angry and feeling betrayed. Then he takes a single step towards me, looking at me hard. "Did you fuck him last night?" Content belong to N?velDráma. Org.
My mouth drops open as I stare at him, appalled.
The room bursts into noise as Jesse shouts "whoa!" and Rafe storms forward, snapping out Luca's name. Jackson growls, low and resonant, but he tucks himself against his bedroom wall, his arms crossed, his head down, clearly working very hard to not engage and to let me handle it.
Jesse and Rafe stand steady at my sides, glowering at Luca, but Luca doesn't look at either of them. He just keeps his eyes fixed on me.
"No, Luca," I say, crossing my arms and lifting my chin. "I didn't."
My wolf nips at me, hard, reminding me that I very much wanted to - and that I would have - and that I wouldn't have the opportunity to be so high and mighty about this if Jackson had given me what I wanted.
But, well. This just proves that Jackson was right, doesn't it? It's better to have waited, instead of having this be the fallout. If I had lost my virginity this morning and had the follow up be this huge fight? It would have ruined it, for sure.
Luca stares at me, hard, for another long moment - and then something snaps in him, and he drops his arms, and drops his head, and stumbles back a step, sitting down hard on the edge of Jackson's bed, completely defeated.
I let out a little gasp of dismay and feel Jesse and Rafe loosen beside me, no longer angry now that we see how much of Luca's anger was a front - how much of it was a desperate fear that he'd lost me, that Jackson had marked me, claimed me, and that we were finished.
But now that he sees that... that nothing has changed - not really...
*God damn it," Luca whispers, his voice trembling. "...I can't do this..."
"Luca," I groan, stepping quickly to his side. He wraps an arm around my hips, leaning his head against me, even as he turns his face away slightly, I think....well, I think still not really able to handle my temporary change in scent.
"I can't do it, Ariel," he murmurs, and I raise my hands to his head, cupping it in my palms and holding him close." If I have to worry about this constantly? About being by your side at every moment, because if I don't, you're going to run off to his bed?"
Luca looks up at me now, and the heartbreak in his eyes, on his face...
Tears spring to my eyes and I shake my head at him, feeling absolutely terrible. I never, ever want him to feel this way.
But...
I mean, how do I balance this? How do I do it?
"I thought it was bad, Ariel," Luca says, his eyebrows going up as he tells me the truth - every bit of it. "When I came in here, and checked your room, and saw that your bed hadn't even been slept in? Because I knew where you were - knew immediately - but..."
TABLARUS
I gape a little down at my mate, realizing that what he's saying is that...that they've actually been out all night, that they're just getting in now, and that the first thing he did was come to my bed. I glance at the clock, wondering how the hell they're still up, how on earth they look so sober.
But as I glance over at Jesse, and see him leaning his arm on Rafe's shoulder, his eyes dropping a little, I see that it was all adrenaline. That they're exhausted and also a little tipsy.
"Luca," I murmur, stroking his hair, about to tell him to go get some rest, to go to bed.
*No, let me get this out," Luca says, frowning up at me. "Ariel - when I came in here, and thought that he'd marked you?" he shakes his head, his face again going pale. "...I thought I was going to die. Literally...die."
I clench my teeth, my heart breaking again anew.
###Chapter 0377
Chapter 0377
"But he didn't mark me," I whisper.
"But he might," Luca says, his brows going up.
And I don't say anything - not a word. Because honestly, this morning? If Jackson had offered me his mark, I'd have taken it. It was that intense, that real between us. It always has been.
But...how can I tell Luca that without breaking his heart?
How can I tell Luca that I want his mark too? That I want both of them, not one or the other?
I just stare down at my gorgeous, heartbroken mate, and sigh. Because I don't know what to do.
"I don't know if I can do this, Ariel, Luca whispers, his eyes drifting shut. "If you're sleeping with him - or close enough to it that he's scent marking you, which we all know is this incredibly intimate act...I don't know if I can do this."
My lip starts to shake with dread, with horror. Because..I mean, is Luca rejecting me?
I look up, frantic, at my brother and my cousin, not knowing what to do. Silently, I beg them for help, beg them to intercede - because ....
I am at the end of my rope here. And I'm terrified that I'm about to lose my mate- and if I do, my heart will shatter into a thousand pieces right here in Jackson's room. Content belong to N?velDráma. Org.
"Okay!" Rafe says, stepping forward, his face tense, his mind clearly racing.
Jesse slowly lifts his arm from Rafe's shoulder, looking around, worried. Jackson stays quite still at his place against the wall, not moving an inch.
I start almost to pant with worry, not knowing what my next step should be.
"What if," Rafe continues slowly, clearly thinking it through as he goes, watching me with anxiety all over his face, sensing that I'm out of answers and desperate for a solution. "There were...limits."
"Limits?" Jesse asks, a little under his breath as he raises a hand to rub his eye. "What are you talking about?" "Well," Rafe continues, spreading out a hand. "Luca...is having trouble dealing with the idea that Jackson might mark Ariel. So....what if we agreed that...he won't."
My mouth falls open and Jackson snaps his head up, growling a little at the thought.
*And!" Rafe amends as Luca looks up at him, at all of us. "Neither will Luca. No marks. Not...not until Ariel makes her choice. Which," he says, looking hard at me now, "is still the plan. Yes?"
I groan a little, inwardly, at the truth of that statement. Because, I mean, we only made that agreement a few days ago, but in that short time my bonds with both of my mates have only grown exponentially. The idea, now, of letting either of them go?
I mean, honestly, it feels....absolutely impossible.
But still, I agreed. I promised.
"Yes," I whisper.
"No marks," Luca says, murmuring a little as he considers it. He sits up a little straighter next, looking me straight in the eye. "And, no sex."
I huff out a sound of horrified protest, turning to stare at him. Because what! Who the hell is he to...! And why!? What!?
"Actually, that makes a lot of sense," Jesse says, his voice thoughtful.
I spin to stare at him now, making a repeat of the same squeaky, huffy noise.
"Seriously!" Jesse says, looking at me with a great deal of empathy but speaking plainly so that I can understand his point. "Sex with wolves always creates a bond, but with a mated pair? Apparently, it like...cements something. Intensifies the bond, makes it incredibly hard to break. That's why sex and the marking are...you know. So frequently...done together." His words fade off awkwardly at the end there as he realizes that he's not really talking theoretically, but instead about his very real cousin being marked by her very real mates. Both of whom are in the room.
"He's not wrong," Rafe says, and I turn in time to see him shrug. "And...I think it would take a great deal of pressure off the situation. Neither of them," he says, gesturing between Jackson and Luca, "will be worried about the other cementing his bond to you, or giving you his mark, because...it's not on the table."
I slowly close my jaw, which I now realize has been hanging open and stare at my brother, who nods slowly to me, silently begging me to see that this is the solution I'm looking for.
"If you're going to choose anyway, Ariel," he says softly. "Then....why not wait."
###Chapter 0378
Chapter 0378
*Plus, then you can't get knocked up," Jesse murmurs, rubbing his eye sleepily again. "Which...you know, is just convenient. What with...going back to school in a week and a half. Don't want to... bring a... baby....even if it's just on the inside..."
*Shut up, Jess," I sigh.
"Yup, you got it," he murmurs, his exhaustion clearly taking over.
I take a deep breath as the room falls quiet, closing my eyes for a second and pulling myself together. Because...mean...
Honestly, I don't think that this is the solution that I'm looking for. The solution that I want is one which allows Luca and Jackson to be okay with each other, with both of them being in my life. But today Jackson already asked for limits - asked for me to not be affectionate with Luca in his presence.
I scowl, opening my eyes as I realize that here Luca is - barging into Jackson's room. Quickly, I look over at Jacks, but he's still got his head down, studying his feet. I smirk a little to see him standing there bare-chested in his pajamas, just looking so...cute.
But then I turn my eyes over to Luca, who likewise isn't looking at me, and my smile falls away. Because he's my mate, and he's heartbroken, and...if this is what he needs? Content belong to N?velDráma. Org.
Then why on earth would I deny it?
I step forward to him quickly, softly, and run a hand over his hair. He looks up at me, his pretty brown eyes wide and sad. "Is this really what you want?" I ask softly.
"No," he says, hardly more than a whisper. "But...it's what I can handle, until you..." he glances over at Jackson now, and some sort of grace makes him put his final two words in my mind instead of saying them aloud. Pick me, he says, holding my gaze. Until you pick me, Ariel.
I sigh, and purse my lips, and give him a little nod before taking a step away.
*Jacks?" I call, wanting him to consent to it too.
He lifts his head to look at me and I open my end of our bond so that he can feel what I feel, and he can send me whatever it is he wants me to know. "Are you okay with this?"
He just gives a little shrug, reminding me down the bond what we agreed to this morning - that it doesn't make much of a difference to him anyway, since we already took sex off the table on our own. I also get the sense that it's all the better in his book if I'm not sleeping with Luca to boot.
I smirk at him a little, and the corner of his mouth curves. But he just gives me a nod, and it's done.
*Fine," I say, throwing up my hands a little bit. "The sex ban is...in effect. No sex, no marks. What fun for me."
Jesse laughs a little bit, and I turn to give him a little smile, glad that someone is still willing to find a little humor in this situation.
"Come on, Luc," Jesse says, reaching out a hand for Luca as he yawns. "You're beat, I'm beat. Let's go find a place to crash."
Luca hesitates, glancing at me, clearly wanting to go back to my room with me, but Jesse just gives him a pretty smile.
"Come on, Luca!" Jesse insists, tugging on his arm. "I want a snack first and you pick out the best snacks. Let's go." He says the last two words more solidly than the others, letting my mate know it's not an option.
Luca sighs and stands. He hesitates and then brushes a hand over my hair, looking down into my eyes. "We'll talk?"
"We'll talk," I say, nodding at him, tucking my hands behind my back, resting the urge to touch him more.
Because, honestly, Luca got his way this morning - but I am not a fan of the tempter tantrum he threw to achieve that. And we will be having a conversation about it when he's awake and sober.
Luca sighs, feeling my displeasure a bit, and then walks to Jesse's side. The two of them leave the room and Rafe moves to the door, glancing out of it, looking up and down the hall. "Come on, Ariel," he murmurs, "I think we should get you out of here and into the shower before the halls fill up."
###Chapter 0379
Chapter 0379
"I thought you said a shower wasn't going to change the way I smell now?" I say, frowning at Rafe.
"It's going to help," he says, turning back to me and raising his eyebrows. "Seriously, Ariel, you...you smell like you took a bath in eau d'Jackson. It's not a bad thing but it is...a statement cologne."
I laugh a little and he nods to me, stepping out the door, clearly letting me know he'll give me a minute. Rafe pulls the door after him, but doesn't let it completely shut.
Quietly, I cross the room to Jackson, who holds my gaze as I do.
"Hi," I say quietly - the same thing I said last night when I showed up at his door. But this time I say it with...a little less verve.
Jackson just smirks at me, reaching to cup my cheek in his palm.
"I'm really sorry, Jacks," I whisper. "It shouldn't have happened like that."
"Not your fault," he murmurs.
"Still," I say, my voice low. "You're the one who had to deal with it."
"I'd put up with a lot worse for you," he says, his smile growing a little.
I smile back, unable to help it. I step a little closer and look up into his face. "Are we good?"
"We're good," he says, reaching out and tucking my hair back behind my ear in that way he likes. But something in his terseness - I mean, Jackson doesn't usually say a lot anyway, but today...
Well, I can tell he doesn't feel quite right.
I bite my lip, anxious. "Do you...want me to stay?" I ask, kind of hoping that he'll say yes, let me talk him through this, fix it all. I raise myself up on my toes, bringing my face just an inch or two closer to his. "For a little bit?"
But Jackson just sighs and shakes his head. "I think I need a minute, Ariel," he says gently, with absolutely no malice.
Still, my heart sinks, and I lower myself till my feet are flat, suddenly worried. Is he mad at me? Is this...is this way worse than I think it is? Should I -
Jackson just laughs at the emotions he feels through the bond, slipping a hand around my waist and tugging me close against him. "Don't get all mixed up about it," he says, shaking his head at me. "We're fine, Ariel. I just... Ella said...she said that I am allowed to take a minute. To ask for time alone when I need to... think about stuff. And figure out how I feel."
I stare at him for a second, absolutely gaping, before I burst into laughter. "Seriously!? Ella?" He grins at me. "Ella is behind all of this talk about boundaries and taking a minute!?" Content belong to N?velDráma. Org.
His grin deepens. "Yup," he says, nodding down at me. "She's on my side now. I stole your mom."
"Yeah well," I mutter, narrowing my eyes playfully. "You can take her for now. She's going to want someone to do all the heavy lifting of yule logs on midwinter anyway."
He grins, pressing a kiss to my forehead, murmuring that it sounds like a fair deal to him.
I groan a little, leaning against him, pretending to be annoyed. But really, I'm thrilled that he's growing so close to mom and that she's helping him figure out how to deal with all of these complicated emotions. I let him feel all of that down the bond. "You take your minute, Jacks." I say softly. "As much time as you need. I'll see you later?"
"You'll see me later," he says, assured. And then he dips his head, and I stand on my toes again, and my mate kisses me, his arm tightening around my waist.
I pull away after a moment, wanting to give him his space, and Jackson just stands quietly - already in thought-
as I move towards the door. But before I leave, I turn back, my hand already on the handle.
"Hey, Jacks?" I ask quietly.
Instantly, his head turns up towards me, his expression I think a little surprised that I'm still here. "Yeah?"
###Chapter 0380
Chapter 0380
"Can I ask you...maybe an unfair question?"
He smirks at me, and turns his head to the side, inviting it.
I grin, and nod towards the door, where Luca left. "If it were the other way around. And...you had a big night, and I left early and...you found me in his bed in the morning. Would you...do you think you would have reacted the same?"
Jackson's smirk just deepens. "Trick question, Clark. Because it never would have happened."
"What?" I ask, frowning in my confusion.
"If you think," he says slowly, lowering his head a little in a predatory way that makes my stomach tense, "I would have ever stayed at a bar without you? Let you go home alone to a cold bed? Or, worse yet, to a warm one?" He quirks and eyebrow and then slowly, he shakes his head.
The smile that bursts onto my face - it stretches so wide my cheeks hurt.
Jackson just gives me a grin before he drops his head again, returning to his thoughts. And I slip out the door, pushing it shut behind me just...completely filled with warmth at that answer, from my head to my toes.
I'm not surprised, at all, to find Rafe waiting for me, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed, one foot propped against the wall behind him. I am a little surprised, though, when I step close and find him...drowsing. Almost completely asleep just...standing against the wall.
I burst out laughing, giving his shoulder a shove. He starts and looks around, gasping in a deep breath.
"Ari!" he scolds on the exhale, giving me a little shove right back. "Don't scare me like that."
"Don't fall asleep in the hall!"
"I'll do what I want. I'm going to be the King one day, after all. It's my palace, I sleep where I want."
I laugh again as my brother slings an arm around my shoulders and we start down the hall towards our family suite, my arm around his waist. "You sound like Jesse, talking like that."
"Yeah well, with as much gin and as little sleep as we've had tonight, we all sound a little more like Jesse."
I grin, and lean into my brother, grateful to have him here. "Thanks, Rafe. I think you...saved me in there."
"You were doing perfectly fine, little sister." Content belong to N?velDráma. Org.
"Was I?" I ask, kind of surprised at the compliment, looking up at him.
"Oh, perfectly fine causing as much trouble as possible," he replies, blinking innocently down at me.
I scowl and elbow him in the ribs. He hisses, pretending it hurts more than it does, which just makes me laugh even though it's an old, stupid joke.
"Nah, you're all right," Rafe says, tightening his arm around me a little. "Luca is just... he can be dramatic, can't he? I mean, I do get why he's upset," Rafe gives me a significant look here, and I roll my eyes, done defending myself on that point. "But...yeah. He took it really far."
"What are we gonna do with him?" I murmur, shaking my head.
"Ah, see, the good part about this, little sister, is that it is your problem. Not mine." Rafe heaves a smug, contented sigh.
"Fine," I say, equally smug, aloof. "I'm not helping you at all, then, when your mate shows up and causes a big fuss." I grin, pleased at my joking counterpoint.
But Rafe doesn't respond, and I look up at him, my face falling when I see that he's looking right ahead and not down at me at all. And his face is...sad, worried.
"Rafe, I -*
"Don't, Ari," he murmurs, glancing down at me just for a moment. "Just...I'm tired. Let's get me to bed."
"You got it, bro," I murmur, tugging him a little closer and leaning against him again as we walk, wondering... Well. Wondering what I said that upset him so much.
But when I say goodbye to my brother, and step into my room, and turn to see Daphne curled up in my bed with the duvet tucked prettily under my chin?
Well... think I have my answer.
###Chapter 0381
Chapter 0381
Daphne.
Daphne, the gorgeous, clever, talented, funny redhead my brother is dating. The girl he's absolutely going to have to break up with the moment his mate comes on the scene.
I lift my hand and press my face miserably against it. God, how could I have been so callous, so unthinking to make a joke about his future mate? When he's been so, so nice and considerate to me this entire time?
God, I'm such a jerk.
"Ari?"
I drop my hand when I hear Daphne's sleepy voice and tuck my emotions away. I don't need to make her day miserable too, after all.
"Hey, Daph," I whisper with a sigh as I push the door shut behind me. "Go back to sleep, I didn't mean to wake you
But Daphne gasps, her eyes flying open, and sits up straight in the bed, shaking her head to clear it.
I go stark still, staring at her, wondering what the hell -
"Oh my god, Ariel," she whispers, staring at me in awe, "did you did Jackson -"
"Oh my godddd," I groan, my head hanging back on my neck as I realize what happened - that Daphne scented me, and thinks that Jackson gave me his mark. Seriously, is it that strong!? I thought just Alphas were susceptible to these kinds of subtle changes in scent.
But I guess this one isn't so subtle.
"What!? Are you!?" She starts to scramble out of bed, tripping towards me, her hand reaching for the neckline of Jackson's gigantic black t-shirt.
"No, Daphne!" I say with an exasperated sigh, smacking her hand away. She goes still, staring at me, not understanding. "He just... scent marked me. I didn't know it was going to have this effect."
She stares at me for a long moment and then bursts out laughing. 
"Daphhhh," I whine, my shoulders slumping. "Is it seriously that bad!?"
"Oh my god, Ariel," she says, crossing her arms and shaking her head at me. "If he didn't mark you, you must have had one hell of a night anyway."
"One hell of a night, and one hell of a morning." I mutter, slumping down on the edge of my bed.
Daphne does the same, sitting across from me, one eyebrow raised. "Does this have anything to do with Luca tearing through the palace shouting for you?"
"Oh my god," I whisper, my mouth falling open and staring at her a bit. "Are you...are you serious? Through the whole palace?"
She grimaces a little. "He was... not subtle, Ariel. And he's fast - Rafe went after him but...I mean, did he catch him in time?*
"Sort of," I sigh, and then very quickly I tell Daphne the short version of the story. By the time I'm done, she's shaking her head in disbelief, her arms crossed across her chest.
"He is a piece of work, Ariel," she sighs. "I can't believe he did that."
"You don't see Luca's side of it?" I ask, curious. "All the boys do."
She rolls her eyes. "If he wanted to reserve your time for the full twenty-four hours, Ariel, he should have gone
home with you. Why should you go to bed alone just because he wants to stay out drinking? Especially when your super hot other mate is likewise alone a few hallways away. Where you sleep, and who is in your bed, does not need to correspond to Luca's schedule just because he'd prefer it that way. And it would be different if Luca were your only mate and you were cheating on him or something - but that's not what's happening here, is it?"
I groan a little in relief to hear her support, even if it is perhaps a bit overstated to make me feel better. But still, I throw my arms around her and hug her close. "Thanks, Daph," I murmur. "I think I needed to hear that."
###Chapter 0382
Chapter 0382
"No problem, babes," she murmurs, hugging me back. "I'm Team Ariel, all the way." She rocks me back and forth for a long moment. "Now let me go, before you mark me with Jackson's scent too."
I burst out laughing and pull away, grinning at her. "Is it seriously that strong?"
"Go!" she laughs, shoving me away a bit and lifting her chin towards my bathroom. "Take a shower, use your stinkiest lavender soap! And let me sleep, I'm exhausted."
I laugh again, getting up and bouncing away to my bathroom, waving to her over my shoulder. And then, my spirits significantly lifted, I do as my friend says and take a long, long hot shower.
When I get out I sniff at myself - at my arms and hands-frowning and wondering if it's any better. Because even though everyone protests that I've basically got Jackson coming out of my pores right now, I can't smell it at all. But I shrug, and towel off, and slip into some pajamas before heading back into my room.
I smile as I see Daphne fully asleep in my bed, glad that she's getting some rest, and I hop in on the other side, grabbing my phone out of the drawer and beginning to catch up on the thousand texts and messages that I've missed since I've been gone. The afternoon slips by then as I catch up with some old friends, making plans to meet up over break, hearing about their own lives and dramas. I order some food up to the room too around lunch time, truly treating myself to a day in bed while I let Jackson have his space and let the rest of my friends recover from their exhaustion and hangovers.
Passively, I wonder where Ben is, and send him a message too. But he doesn't answer, and I shrug, assuming that it's just as well to let him have his own space.
It's late in the afternoon, and I'm just settling in to catch up on all the celebrity gossip that I've missed in the months that I've been gone, when a knock comes after the door. Glancing anxiously at Daphne and not wanting to wake her up, I start to climb out of bed and hurry for the door when it pops open.
"Ariel?" my mom calls softly. 
"Mom!" I whisper, hurrying towards her, eager to tell her to be quiet so she doesn't wake Daphne up. "Be -*
But she pokes her head into the room, and sniffs once, and then her eyes go wide.
I groan, stopping in my tracks, knowing exactly what this is about by this point. And that my shower apparently did nothing.
"Ariel!" she gasps, looking frantically behind her in the hall and then darting into the room, slamming the door shut behind her and leaning against it. "Oh my god!"
"Mom, it's not what you -"
"What'sgoingon," Daphne murmurs, all her words slurring together as she sits up and rubs at her eyes.
A knock comes at the door and mom's head snaps anxiously towards her. "Ella?"
I go rigid when I hear my dad's voice outside.
Because, I mean, if mom can smell Jackson's scent marking on me -
Oh my god. Dad - he's going to flip.
"Just a minute, Dominic! Mom calls to him, her voice shrill with anxiety.
"What?" Dad calls back, hearing her tone, instantly tensing. He knocks again, harder. "Ella! What's going on!?"
"Ut-ohhh," Daphne whispers.
I glance at my friend, rolling my eyes like that's one hell of an understatement.
###Chapter 0383
Chapter 0383
"Ella!" my dad calls again, pounding on the door. "What's going on!?"
"It's nothing, Dominic!" mom snaps back, turning to glare at the door that she's got her back pressed against, like dad can see her expression through it. "We just need a minute! For girl stuff!"
There's a long pause outside of the door and then dad groans. "Fine!" he calls, sounding exhausted, his voice fading as he clearly walks away. "I'll go get the boys up - you handle this girl stuff. Get them up and dressed!"
*Dressed?" I ask, peering at the door like it has answers. "For what?"
*Ariel!" Mom gasps again, darting for me now that dad's gone and grabbing for the neckline of my pajamas." Where is it - where did he."
But I just sigh, putting my hands on my hips and tilting my head back so that mom can see the evidence for herself. "He didn't mark me, mom - god I'm going to get sick of saying that today."
"He didn't!?" she gasps, still looking like I'm hiding it from her or something. "Then what did he..."
But then she goes still, and takes a single step back, and bursts out laughing.
"What?" I sigh, shaking my head at her, kind of embarrassed and trying hard to hide it.
*So," she says, grinning wickedly at me as she crosses her arms, becoming my mirror image. "Someone discovered the dark delights of scent marking, did they?"
"Mom!" I protest, dropping my hands, my cheeks blushing pink.
She laughs harder, grinning at me and I just scowl, waiting for her to finish. "No, I get it!" she says after a couple more moments of laughter. "You know, your dad used to scent mark me when -* 
"Nope!" I shout, throwing my hands up in the air and turning away from her. As I turn I see Daphne sitting up in the bed, grinning, her arms looped casually around her knees. "Too much information, mom! I do not need to know the details of this!"
"It was before I knew I was a wolf!" she protests.
*Yah!" I say, turning to give her a little glare. "And when you were already pregnant with Rafe!"
"Yeah," she says, tightening her arms around herself like she's giving herself a little hug. "Ah, the good ole days. Anyway," she sighs, shaking her head at me and glancing back towards the door. "Your dad's going to flip about this, either way, little girl. You are trying his patience with this double mate stuff."
*Is he going to be mad at me?" I ask, anxious again, following her gaze.
"Nah, I won't let him," mom says, flapping a hand in my direction. "Just, um..." she turns back to us, her face falling into more serious lines. "Actually, you two need to get up and get dressed. We have a meeting with the Atalaxians, and we want you all in on it."
"Me too?" Daphne asks, surprised.
"You're Academy staff, my dear," mom says, turning to her seriously, making sure that she understands how welcome she is. "And our honored guest. It's your choice, of course, but we'd appreciate it if you came along."
"My honor," Daphne says, starting to get out of bed.
Mom starts darts forward to give me a little kiss before darting towards the door. "I want to make sure Meatball is up - you'll be okay?" She raises an eyebrow, her hand on the door.
"Well, what should we wear?" I ask, a little confused. "Am I...am I a Princess today? Or a Cadet?"
*Princess, unfortunately," mom replies, tilting her head in apology. "But, something serious. Black?"
I nod, understanding, agreeing.
"And something with a neck tonight," mom says quickly, gesturing towards her own and giving me a wicked smirk. "Basically... the opposite of what you wore last night. Though still Black."
Daphne laughs as I shoo mom out, and then both of us move over to my wardrobe, trying to find something to wear.
Daphne's dressed before me in a serious outfit of boots, tight pants, and a black blouse while I pull on some tights and a dark sweater dress. We're still trying to figure out shoes when a quick knock comes at the door.
"Girl time over?" my dad's voice calls, sounding half amused at himself and half exhausted.
I groan a little under my breath, turning swiftly to Daphne and pulling my high neckline down a bit. "Quick, can you scent mark me too?" I whisper. "Cover it up?"
She bursts out laughing and puts up a hand towards me. "No way, I am not getting my own scent involved in this."
The knock comes again, more insistent this time.
"Come in, Dad," I call, a sigh in my words.
Dad comes in swiftly, and by his deep breath when he comes into the room I know that mom prepped him and let him know that the only reaction he's allowed to have is to be cool, calm, and collected.
###Chapter 384
Chapter 0384
And by the tension in his shoulders, I can tell that he's working very, very hard to embody that.
"Come here, Ariel," he murmurs, standing by the door and beckoning with one hand, the other resting on his hip.
I send one last desperate glance at Daphne before walking to stand in front of my father.
When I stand about a foot in front of him he takes a deep breath in through his nose and reaches out to brush my hair back over my shoulder. "Well, baby trouble," he murmurs. "You smell...different."
The amount of deliberate understatement in that last word makes me fight back a groan.
I bite my lip, tucking my hands behind my back. "Is it bad?" I whisper.
"No, baby," he sighs, shaking his head at me and giving me a small smile, stroking his broad hand over my hair." It's not bad, not at all. Just...not as easy for a dad. Which is something Rafe and Mark might understand one day, but fortunately for you, you never will."
I can't help it then - I pitch forward that last foot between us and wrap my arms around my dad's waist, crushing myself against his chest. "I'm sorry," I whisper, meaning it desperately, "I don't want to make you...sad."
"I'm not sad, sweetie," he murmurs, his arms wrapping around me and hugging me close. "I'm just... adjusting. You're my little girl, and now someone else has a claim on you, and that's... an adjustment. Two someone else's, at that."
"Well, it's not like you have to give me up," I murmur, shutting my eyes, wanting always - always to be his little girl.
"Oh, they'd have to kill me before I did that," he whispers, and I grin, looking up into his face, nodding.
His face shifts, though, into more serious lines as he glances over at Daphne, giving her a brief nod of acknowledgement and greeting.
"What is it?" I ask, pulling back a little and standing on my own two feet. "What's wrong?"
"I'm not sure yet," dad says, turning back to me and starting to unbutton one of the cuffs on his wrist. He looks at me seriously. "But the Atalaxians have called a surprise meeting and...I don't think it's good. I want us all there."
To my surprise, then, he reaches out his arm and wipes his wrist against my neck and then down over my hair, just as Jesse did every morning and after every shower at the academy. Almost a knee jerk reaction, I hold my own wrists up and he marks those too.
"What's this for?" I ask, confused.
*Camouflage," dad murmurs, re-buttoning his cuff. "It won't completely cover Jackson's scent - I don't think anything could do that right now," he gives me a little raised eyebrow which lets me know precisely how he feels about that, "but it should be enough to confuse the Atalaxians from across the room. Have Jesse and Rafe do it too, when you see them. And your uncle Roger, if you can catch him." 
"Why?" I ask, completely willing to do as he says but not fully understanding.
*Because we want you smelling like a Sinclair. The Atalaxians don't need to know about your double-mate situation, and with Luca in the room too they'll notice that you smell like another man. I mean, I doubt they'll be sniffing, but...in case they are. It should be enough to confuse their noses."
"Oh," I say, looking down at my wrists and wondering why Rafe and Jesse didn't think of that this morning. Then I look up at my dad out of the comer of my eye. "Luca...is going to be there?"
"Everyone's going to be there," dad replies, nodding to me seriously. But then his mouth quirks up at the comer." Or what, did you think Luca would be too tired after his morning dash through the palace, shouting for you?"
I groan, pressing my eyes shut and turning my head away from my father, suddenly terribly embarrassed. I mean, it's not that I did anything wrong, but he is my mate-
"No," dad snaps, and it's surprise enough that I open my eyes and look back up at him. He shakes his head, dead serious as he slips his hands into his pockets. "His embarrassment is not for you to bear, Ariel. He's a big boy- he can take his own shame in hand."
I nod briskly, letting my dad know that I hear him, that I understand.
"But Ariel," my dad says, moving lightening fast and grabbing me by the chin - gentle, but serious, seizing my attention. "There is one thing I do want to say to you right now."
My eyes go wide with fear because...
Oh my god, am I in trouble?
###Chapter 385
Chapter 0385
I look seriously up into my father's green eyes, my stomach tuming over with anxiety.
"Never, ever," my father growls, "let a man raise his voice at you like that again. Do you hear me?" I can hear the anger rolling in him now - anger that I can tell he's been tucking away for my sake.
Tears spring to my eyes suddenly, even as they go even wider with surprise. Because that? I was not expecting that.
"What?" I breathe, totally confused.
Dad continues to look into my eyes as if this is the most serious thing he's ever communicated to me. "Remember who you are, Ariel Sinclair. And it's beyond the fact that you are my daughter, and that you're goddess-bom, and that you're a Princess of this nation - all of which are things that should scare the living daylights out of any man who thinks he can talk to you like that."
My mouth starts to wobble dangerously as my dad continues, his voice growing ever softer and more dangerous.
"No, Ariel," he growls, "even if you were the lowest bom girl in this nation, even if you weren't lucky enough to have a whole family to stand behind you in support? You, Ariel? You are magnificent. A creature of grace and light. Brilliant and beautiful, bold and kind-worthy of respect from every person who is lucky enough to cross your path. You have to remember that, daughter, and not accept any less - not from your mate, and certainly not from some angry boy. So don't you ever let him raise his voice to you, ever again."
Dad snarls the last words, and drops my chin, even as two tears start to roll down my cheeks. We take a long moment, just staring at each other, and I have to admit - I'm shocked to my core. Because even though I know that my dad loves me never doubted that, not a moment in my life....I didn't know he saw me like that.
"All right, trouble?" he murmurs, raising his hand again and using his thumb to quickly wipe my tears away. "No more crying over this. Just...remember, okay?" 
"Okay," I whisper.
And dad gives me his patented Sinclair smirk, and a nod, turning towards the door. "Ten minutes!" he calls, his powerful voice booming out as his eyes flick over me. "Put on some shoes and meet us down the hall."
I laugh a little, looking down at my stockinged feet, and then over at Daphne as dad leaves. To my surprise, Daphne's just smiling at me, wiping at the tears that slide down her own cheeks. "That was really nice," she squeaks. "He's...he's really nice to you."
"Aw, Daph!" I cry out, running over to her and wrapping her up in my arms, remembering that she doesn't have a dad - that he died when she was much younger. Hearing my dad say that stuff...well. It probably makes her think of the things her own dad never got to say. "You can share mine, he's big enough for both of us."
"I might take you up on that," she says, laughing and sniffing. But then she pulls away and squares her shoulders, taking a deep breath. "Okay, Sinclair. Let's get you some shoes."
I grin at my friend and nod, leading her over to the shoe closet where I keep my trove. Nine minutes later - and I credit Daphne alone with keeping us on time - we scurry out of my room. Our boots click loud on the tiles as I push my braid back over my shoulder, hurrying out of the private Royal suite, down the hall to where the serious conference rooms are. I don't even worry about my crown falling off my head, because I figured out a trick a couple of years ago where if I loop my hair up and over the back of it before I braid it, it effectively holds it in place until I take my hair down. Convenient and chic - but solutions to princess problems I know are mine and Juniper's alone.
I stop beside a nondescript door and push it open, knowing that this antechamber is where my family and friends will gather. It connects to the largest of the conference rooms.
###Chapter 386
Chapter 0386
My eyes go wide when I see how packed it already is with our family, and our closest friends, and all of dad's advisors including, of course, my grandpa.
A smile bursts onto my lips when I focus on the group of young men in the back comer - all of them dressed in Cadet black.
"Ohhh, that's a sight for sore eyes," Daphne murmurs, slipping in behind me and pressing the door shut, likewise looking over at our boys.
I grin and grab her hand, dragging her over to where they're all waiting. Rafe-wearing his own crown, which shines bright against his dark hair - Jesse, Ben, and Jackson, locking just as I remember them, and Jackson looking a bit relieved, if I'm being honest, to be back in clothes he understands. I look briefly around for Luca, but he's not here yet. Still, there's no time to dwell on it.
Jackson instantly opens an arm to me as Daphne and I cross the room and I dart to his side, wrapping my arms around his waist and bearning up at him. "Hi, I missed you," I whisper, grinning. "Everyone's been torturing me all day looking for your mark."
He laughs a little and runs a fond hand over my cheek and down my neck. "Sorry to disappoint," he murmurs, shaking his head with a smirk. But then his face falls. "But really. sorry - I didn't get you in trouble, did I?"
"No," I say, quickly shaking my head. 
"I like this," he murmurs, shifting his eyes to the shining rose-gold circlet on my head, which mom picked - of course to match my hair. "Very pretty on you." He raises the hand not wrapped around my waist and traces a finger around the curve of it.
"Thank you" I say, smiling with very real pleasure. It's not every day, after all, that your mate tells you how pretty you look in your crown. "But, um.."I tum, quickly, my eyes seeking out Rafe and Jesse. I let go of Jackson and hold my wrists out to Jesse and Rafe. "Scent marking, please! Dad's orders."
Jesse just laughs and obliges me, even though Rafe frowns. "Wait, why?" Rafe asks, though he steps forward too when Jesse finishes.
"I don't know," I say with a shrug. "Dad said something about camouflage. Just..obey your king, all right?"
"Whatever," Rafe sighs, following Jesse's routine and glancing over at Jackson. "Sorry, man," he murmurs, "I know you went through a lot of effort to scent her up good-"
Jackson just growls a little, not liking the joke, but I just laugh when he pulls me possessively back to his side.
"So, um," Daphne says, standing close to Ben- who is unusually quiet - tucking her hair behind her ears. "Do we...have any idea what this is about yet?"
"No," Rafe murmurs, clearly anxious about it. "But.." he sighs, looking over at the door to the conference room, "I think it's big, guys. I don't know what it is but... think it's big."
My stomach drops, and by the looks on all of my friends' faces, I can tell that they do as well.
"I come delivering one more little lost cadet!"
I look over with surprise when I hear Aunt Cora's voice ringing out cheerfully. My surprise increases when I see her walking over with her hand between Luca's shoulder blades, Uncle Roger on his other side. She grins at my mate, a little mischievous. "I found him wandering the hall, looking for a plant to puke in."
Luca scowls a little but doesn't deny it, and when I step closer to peer at him I realize that he's hung over as hell. I blink in surprise, because honestly I didn't think he was that drunk this morning - but that must have been the adrenaline clearing his head. Still, the exhaustion, and the drinking, plus barely a few hours sleep?
Luca does...not look bright-eyed and bushy tailed.
"Ah, it's all right, kid," Roger says, patting Luca on the shoulder in turn as my mate steps into our little circle, settling close to Jesse and not looking over at me. "We've all been there."
###Chapter 0387
Chapter 0387
Cora and Roger take a moment to look over all of us with fond eyes. "Damn, you all look so cute," Cora sighs, putting her hands on her hips. "Roger really did this nation's women a favor when he designed these uniforms."
"All for you, my love," Roger murmurs, leaning close and giving her a peck on the cheek. I grin, looking Roger over too and noticing that his own military uniform is cut in much the same style as the Cadet's - though of course, much fancier. Chic, slimming, black, and with lots of medals to display his many triumphs.
"Mommm," Jesse groans, pretending to be upset. "Stop checking out my friends."
Cora grins, wrinkling her nose at him - she always does get a kick out of her son - and nods to me and Daphne as well. "You two also look dashing, though I'd expect no less. Daphne, your designs - they're so beautiful. Do you think you could whip something up for me?"
"Hey!" Roger frowns, turning towards his mate. "I'm the designer in the family-
Cora Ignores him completely as Daphne's face brightens. "Really?" Daphne asks, her hands clasping eagerly below her chin. "What are you thinking?"
"Something that will make Ella really jealous that she didn't get to you first," Cora says, reaching an arm out for Daphne and pulling her away a little so that they can converse. Roger nods to us and then goes with them.
The rest of our eyes tum to Luca. "You okay, bro?" Jesse asks, slinging an arm around his shoulder.
"I'm fine," he murmurs. "Don't...fuss. Or I'll puke on your shoes."
"Don't you dare," Jesse growls, even while he grins. "These were expensive."
"I have like, twenty pairs just like them now," Jackson murmurs, crossing his arms and leaning his weight into his back foot as he studies Jesse's shoes. "You can have some of mine if yours get ruined."
Jesse laughs, opening his mouth-surely to tease Jackson about his newfound shoe collection, or the size of his feet, or whatever - but a loud clap comes from the front of the room.
Instantly we all turn to see my dad standing there with his hands pressed together, likewise dressed in his military regalia and crown. My mom stands stoic at his side, and next to her are Juniper and Mark also wearing their crowns. I'm a little surprised by this, actually - they usually don't come to important functions. But, well, I guess mom and dad have decided that they're big enough now.
"If we're all gathered," dad says seriously, looking around at us, "then let's get started." When no one protests, he nods once and opens the door to the council chamber, gesturing for us all to enter before him.
I take a deep breath and glance at both Jackson and Luca before stepping to Rafe's side. Luca, to my surprise, meets my eyes and gives me a serious nod. I smile at him, nodding back and passing a warm pulse down our bond, letting him know that we're okay.
But then I tum my attention to the task at hand, filing into the room.
I'm looking around a little anxiously, wondering where I should sit or stand - with my family. amongst the royals? Or with my fellow Academy Cadets? But my thoughts are interrupted with the sound of a slamming door.
I jump, spinning, to see the door to the room shut behind me but..wait, where is my dad?
I look around, but he's not here - and...
Well, he's not the only one, is he?
My mouth drops a little when I realize that we're all in the room together-
Except for Luca. 
Who is currently trapped in the antechamber alone with my dad.
The antechamber rings with quiet as Luca stares wide-eyed at his King. "S-sir?" He sputters out, not knowing what else to say.
"I wanted to take a minute with you, Luca," the King says, his voice so low and dangerous that Luca almost has to strain to hear it. But he doesn't dare lean forward to try to catch the words - not with the rage that's obviously pulsing through the King right now. "To have a little chat about your behavior."
Luca gulps anxiously, his stomach turning over, acid climbing up his throat. God, shit, he was going to puke before - but now staring down the most dangerous man in the kingdom? A man who tore the last monarch's throat out with his own teeth?
God, he really is in danger of puking all over someone's shoes.
"The correct response," Sinclair snaps, "is yes, sir. Can you say that, Luca?"
"Yes, sir," Luca instantly responds, nodding and working to stand up straighter, shame pulsing through him with every heartbeat. Shit, this is bad. Really bad.
"Good. Now. On to the matter at hand. Do you think that it's appropriate, Luca? For you to go running through my palace early in the morning? Shouting at the top of your lungs? Not only shouting, but screaming for my daughter, demanding that she appear? Demanding that she corne skittering to your side at your beck and call, like some kind of whelp under your command?"
###Chapter 0388
Chapter 0388
If Luca could melt into a mortified puddle of humiliation, he'd do it, right then and there. He presses his eyes shut and hangs his head.
"Answer me!" Sinclair barks.
Luca's shoulders start to tremble. "No, sir."
"No, sir' is right," the King growls, stepping forward and snatching Luca's face, pressing his
cheeks tight between his fingers, making the boy look up at him. "Now listen to me, you fucking spoiled child."
The way the King, his mate's father, calls him a spoiled child makes Luca want to just... shrivel up and die.
"I don't want a single one of your excuses, and I know that you have them. That you were drunk? Learn how to control your liquor," Sinclair gives Luca a shake as he bites out the words, a pulse that vibrates through Luca's entire body. "You were angry? Control your fucking emotions. That she betrayed you? She has another mate, Luca, and one who comports himself far better than you did this morning - so fucking leam from him."
Luca groans aloud now, unable to help it, completely miserable.
Sinclair shoves Luca away from him, hard, like he can't stand to touch him any longer.
"We're all well aware that you only won that fight last night, Luca, because my daughter saved your ass - came running down to your rescue and pulled you out of that stupor. And don't even think that it slipped my attention that your incredible luck at being her fated mate also recently made you a very rich man."
Luca's head whips up at this. "Sir, I offered
"Oh, cut the shit, Luca," Sinclair growls, the ferocity of his expression stealing Luca's breath and his will to speak. "You offered to give her the money - Ariel told Ella that, so of course the news got back to me - but you also know my soft-hearted daughter by now, know she'd never take it, or that if she did she'd put it right back into your gym. My daughter, no matter how you look at it, made you incredibly rich - prize money and media farne, both."
Luca's eyes press shut and he hangs his head - because Sinclair is right. The offer - he'd have given her the money if she'd have taken it. But... deep down, he'd known she wouldn't take it.
"You will keep the fight money," Sinclair says, and Luca raises his head to meet the King's eyes again, not understanding. "But within twenty-four hours you will transfer all of the money from the magazine article into an account that I will provide an account in her narne. And then she, alone, will decide how she wants to allocate it. You're not her accountant, Luca even if you pretended to give her the funds, and she said she wanted them to go to the gym, I'm not as na?ve about money as my daughter is. You were still in full control over how the funds would be allocated. An empty. Fucking. Offer." 
Luca takes a deep breath and then nods once, agreeing. "Yes, sir," he whispers.
"We'll discuss the matter of your uncle, and his incredible hubris, at a later date," Sinclair
snarls, taking a step forward and grabbing Luca by the collar, hauling him close so that Luca can feel the Alpha's breath on his face. "But in the time we have left, I have one more thing to say to you."
Luca crumbles in fear and mortification, his knees almost giving out beneath him. But Sinclair ignores this, holding the nation's champion up with his fist alone.
"If you ever," Sinclair whispers, "ever again raise your voice at my favorite child - Princess Ariel Sinclair, goddess-born, a fucking angel on this earth- if you ever dare to yell at her like that? Ever again?"
Luca's whole body shakes as Sinclair brings his mouth very, very close to his ear. "Then I'll fucking rip your heart out, Luca Grant. And I mean that very, very literally."
With a vicious shove, Sinclair casts Luca away from him, disgusted.
Luca stumbles back a few steps, his head still hanging, his shoulders slumped.
"Get yourself together," Sinclair snaps, and get in there. You're still her fucking mate and I won't have you humiliating her further by aniveling."
Luca takes a deep breath and does as he's told, straightening up, even though his skin is still ashen and his expression slack.
Sinclair studies Luca as he puts a hand on the knob to the conference room. "It would do you a world of good, boy," he quietly seethes, "to spend a great deal of time licking her god damn boots. Do you hear me? You're on thin fucking ice - and I expect you to treat her like the very literal goddess that she is."
Luca musters his courage, and all the love he has for Ariel in his heart, and raises his eyes to Dominic Sinclair's. "Yes, sir."
Sinclair nods once, and pushes the door open. The two enter with Luca trailing a few long steps behind.
###Chapter 0389
Chapter 0389
My eyes are fastened on the door the entire time it's closed. Even when Rafe tries to pull me away I hastily shove him, not caring who sees.
Anxious as hell, I send shout after shout down the line of my bond with Luca, trying to figure out what's happening, what he's feeling, what on earth my father is saying to him right now.
But there's nothing coming back - our bond is completely sealed off. Banging against it is like pounding on a concrete wall - I'm not sure that Luca even feels the echo.
Still, as desperate as I am to know what the hell is going on? Not a part of me even thinks about interrupting.
Because when my dad is mad?
You do...you do not get in his way.
The door snaps open and dad strides in and my eyes, if possible, go wider. Dad storms into the room and quite frankly it's impressive - whatever angry conversation he just had with Luca definitely put him in the right mood to intimidate our foes. But my mouth falls open when I see Luca.
God, his skin is ashen - actually grey. He doesn't look up - not at me, not at anyone - just walks hastily to Ben's side at the end of the line of Cadets and takes his spot there, standing perfectly still.
Rafe elbows me, hard, as the door at the other end of the room opens. I ignore him, my eyes fastened on my mate, seriously worried about him-
*Ariel!" Rafe hisses, and the anxiety in his voice breaks me out of it. I snap my head up to look at him. "Luca later - now, this."
He nods, hard, at the entering Atalaxian delegation. I snap my mouth shut, realizing that he's right that I have a job to do today as the Nation's Princess. So I square my shoulders and exhale a long breath from between my teeth, focusing.
To my surprise, I am immediately distracted by the men who march into the other side of the room and begin take their places seats before us, some sitting and some standing, as we are. All of the Atalaxians march with military precision, dressed in black uniforms - I guess neither of us are very creative there - and looking entirely like a unit. I take a moment to look around at our own more heterogeneous gathering of people, deciding that I like it more. Not only do we have women and people of many ages represented, but there are people here from many walks of life - not just military.
Moon Valley, I know, has celebrated diversity as a strength since the moment my father took the throne. I raise my chin, proud of that, proud of the group of people we've mustered here to meet the Atalaxians, who value the complete opposite. Cóntent from NóvelDrámá!!
The room is square and arranged almost like a parliament, with rows of chairs on either side so that everyone can see each other. I stand with Rafe slightly to the right of center- the spot reserved for our parents, Cora, and Roger - and I take special note of the people who stand directly across from us, likewise taking the place of pride. An older man is clearly their leader. He wears no crown, but instead an impressive number of medals across his chest that mark him as a senior member of their military. The young man standing next to him, however - slowly studying us with stunning sapphire-blue eyes - wears a crown - just a thin band of silver, or perhaps of iron. But still, a member of their royal family. I hadn't noticed him at the fight - had he perhaps not been there? Or just not wearing his crown?
When his eyes land on me he pauses for a moment, and then smirks, a derisive laugh pulsing quickly through him. My eyes narrow just slightly, but that's the only reaction I let him have. I hold his gaze for a moment and then move on as the last of the Atalaxian delegation files in. My eyes move next to the young man standing next to the Prince about my age.
He's tall, broad-shouldered, lanky and handsome. I blink for a moment, and then look between this young man and the Prince next to whom he stands. God, they could be brothers, couldn't they? But this one doesn't wear a
crown. Still, the family resemblance is incredible - I know without a doubt that they're related, that there's another royal of some variety standing across from me. As I study him, this second royals eyes suddenly meet mine, and as they do a shudder passes through me.
I stand up straight, my eyes widening. And he does the same.
We stare at each other for a long, long moment, both shocked and curious. Because what... what the hell was that?
But in a moment he looks away, frowning a bit, clearly as confused as I am. I don't look away though, watching him closely, trying to figure it out. He continues to study our group passively, but then his eyes flare, and he drops them to the ground. I tilt my head, still watching, and see that he does not again look up.
###Chapter 0390
Chapter 0390
Inside, my wolf nips me, her hackles a bit raised. You watch him, she murmurs, wary.
What? I ask her, looking between this young man and the Prince next to him who I'm not sure why - seems... much more vicious to me. Which one?
The one with the crown, she replies. I don't know what, but he... he gets under my skin, makes me itchy, makes me want to run, roll in fresh mud, climb in a river and wash myself clean. His wolf - not right...not right.
I frown a little, anxiety turning in me, because...what's happening here?
*Thank you for meeting with us," my father booms out, and my head snaps to the left, to where he stands with my mother, his beautiful Queen, stoic by his side. "Though I admit that I don't understand the purpose of this meeting - not when we have at least ten smaller peace councils scheduled over the course of the next few days of your visit."
-
The older man at their center, the one to their Prince's right, breathes in a heavy breath, as if he's almost tired by it all. "There will be no need for those," he says, his voice soft and stem. "This will be our last meeting. And it will, in itself, be quick."
I stand up straight in my surprise - because this is... unexpected. Unprecedented! This whole visit was arranged around peace, with the boxing match meant to be a public sporting event between nations, an olive branch extended to demonstrate that we're not as different as we think we are. But then to cancel the peace talks after that?
What...what went wrong?
I glance up at my brother, worried. He glances down at me, a frown on his own lips, clearly feeling the same.
*Speak plainly, Gibson," my father snaps out. "What is the meaning of this? Why cancel early? We haven't even begun."
"Because," Gibson, their military commander, replies. "We saw everything we needed to see last night. Our reaction is unanimous. We are ready to end this war."
Hope swells in me alongside the rush of whispers that break out amongst my people. Is it... is it really that easy? But my father's voice is wary, not buying it. "Should I take this to mean," he asks, his voice low with his disbelief," that you wish to draw up a peace accord? Because rest assured, we can do that...very quickly."
*No, you misunderstand," Gibson replies on a bored intake of breath. And then he exhales slowly, a wicked grin shaping his mouth. "What I mean to say is that...after your shameful display last night, with your weak champion - who relies on a woman for strength - that Atalaxia is recommitted to our original plan."
I clench my jaw to keep my mouth from falling open in my shock because...what!?
"Yes," Gibson drawls, looking around at all of us with distaste, like we're horrible scum and he's at risk of infection just by breathing the same air as us. "We find your champion," he sneers at Luca here, who hangs his head, "as emblematic of Moon Valley's rather faulty prowess: short-lived, weak, and too dependent on women for its strength," Cóntent from NóvelDrámá!!
His eyes flick to me here and I raise my chin, not letting him intimidate me. Luca did need my help last night against his opponent, who was a cheat and a ringer, emblematic of Atalaxia itself. All it proves to me is that with the help of its women, Moon Valley can beat even the worst odds. I won't let myself be cowed by this man's ineffectual insults.
*You will keep a civil tongue," my dad snaps, his voice dangerous and low, "when speaking of my women. Especially my daughter."
The Atalaxian waves a hand, dismissing the point. "The fight served its purpose" he continues, sounding bored." That Moon Valley is weak and in need of guidance. After this Atalaxia is newly determined to conquer Moon Valley, to take over the governance of your lands and to teach your people about proper modesty and morality."
A snarl threatens to break from my throat at his words and only years of diplomatic training keep it down. Others in our party are not so successful, and as I glance around I see even Daphne bearing her teeth at the insult.
*I will return home today," Gibson continues, ignoring the protest, speaking over our people. "And recommend a full onslaught. Prepare yourself, Sinclair." His smirk deepens. "We're going to throw everything we've got at you - and we've been holding back. Your pathetic little kingdom..." he sneers and looks around at all of us, "won't exist in a month."
###Chapter 0391
Chapter 0391
"Get out," my father growls, taking a single menacing step towards the Atalaxian delegation. There's danger in every line of my father, and even our own people lean away at the sight of him. Dad - he really is the wolf incarnate, ready to leap across the room and destroy this man who has so casually threatened us with conqueset. "Gladly," Gibson murmurs, giving a little shrug. As one, all of the Atalaxians turn towards the door, pausing before they begin to march. And I realize, as I did last night, that all of this is rehearsed.
That they...they probably never came to Moon Valley intending to have peace talks.
That it was always about this - about learning more about where we stand and then this moment of telling us that they intend to destroy us, and that the assault starts now. Sure, they probably intended to do it after a humiliating defeat of our boxing champion - and we screwed them right over on that one- but still. Their intent is the same.
*The first assault comes in three days, Sinclair." Gibson says, smug, an eyebrow raised. "We will delay only not to insult the gods on Midwinter. But then... it begins. Get your armies - and your women-* and here his eyes move deliberately over my mother, my aunt, and then me, his disgust perfectly clear, "in order."
Almost as if on cue, the Atalaxians march from the room. My mouth is hanging open as I watch them go, my mind working frantically to try to understand what this means for us, for our nation.
I spin my head to look up at Rafe, but he's looking towards my parents with a frown.
The far door slams shut behind the Atalaxians as the final one leaves and then the room bursts into action. I gasp slightly as everyone immediately begins to talk in harsh, worried turns, and many people begin to move into groups. My dad shouts out above them all, ordering his guards to immediately go with the Atalaxians, to arrest Gibson and have him placed under armed guard. He shouts out more orders which are immediately obeyed, but I can barely hear them - the room is chaos.
I feel a hand curl around my arm and gasp again, looking over to see my mother there, her other hand wrapped around Juniper's. "Come," she says, immediately, her eyes on mine. "We're going back to our rooms - right now."
I nod, turning, ready to walk, and I bump immediately into someone standing behind me. I inhale sharply, frightened, but when I turn my face up and see that it's Jackson I feel an immediate sense of calm. He gives me a single nod and then another to my mother, beginning to cut a path through the people to the door to take us to our private Royal suite.
"But," I protest, following Jackson even as I look back towards my father. "We should stay - we should help -" *Let him manage this, Ariel," my mom says, her voice at once gentle and stern. "When he knows how we can help him, he'll tell us."
I scowl a little when I see that Jesse and Rafe go to my father's side, feeling a bit left out but...
Well. In times of emergency, I'll defer to my mother-do as she says. As Jackson opens the door to the antechamber, waving our group through, I realize that it's bigger than I thought. That Luca is here, and Daphne, and Ben, and Markie, everyone looking as freaked out as I feel. When Cora comes through the door last, murmuring to leave it to the military minds, we walk as a tight group back into the hall and then further along to our apartments, filing quickly into our little living room.
When that door snaps shut, the room rings with silence for a long, long moment, as we all stare at each other.
"Mom?" Juniper says, breaking it, her voice tremulous. "Are we...are they going to kill us?"
*God, Junie, no," mom says, grabbing her youngest to her and holding her tight, stroking her hand slowly over my sister's hair. Markie moves to my side and I wrap my arm around him, sensing that he needs that kind of family closeness too. "Dad's going to handle all this, baby," mom murmurs to Juniper. "Don't you worry about it."
*All right, everyone stop standing around so uselessly and sit down or something," Cora says, taking efficient control and waving her hand at all of us. There's a moment of hesitation and then people begin to move, heaving sighs and tensely taking seats. Because we're all aware that there's nothing we can do until we get further word from dad and Roger - and we all hate it, this new game of waiting.
###Chapter 0392
Chapter 0392
Mark starts towards dad's armchair, tugging me along with him. I let him pull me, knowing he's scared. "Do you think they meant it?" Mark asks, looking at me as I perch myself on the arm next to him. "That they're...going to wait until after the Midwinter holiday? Or...I mean...are they going to do a sneak attack?"
"They probably meant it," Jackson says, walking over with us and standing tall behind the chair, so close I can feel the warmth of him. "The Atalaxians are...very religious. They take their worship of the gods very seriously."
"Well then you'd think they'd give me and Ella a bit more respect," Cora says, her voice a bit dry, coming to join our conversation as other small ones break out elsewhere in the room. "Considering who our mom is."
*Do they...know that? About your lineage?" Jackson asks, frowning, considering it.
"Who knows," Cora sighs, waving her hand.
"I'm not sure it matters," Jackson says with a shrug. "The Cult of the Goddess never really took hold in Atalaxia, except perhaps amongst the women. Which, considering the official state stance of sweeping misogyny, probably makes sense."
"Well, then who do they worship?" Mark asks, looking curiously up at Jacks.
*The Dark God, primarily," Jackson replies instantly, looking down at my brother.
"Oh god, him again," Cora groans, her head tilting back on her shoulders. But then she snaps it back up, frowning at Jackson a little. "Wait, how do you know all this?"
"I go to...school," Jackson replies, frowning back like it's obvious. "We study this. We're supposed to know our enemy, through and through."
"Well then why doesn't Jesse know it?" She tilts her head to the side.
*Jesse..." Jackson gimaces a little, measuring his words. "Doesn't try very hard with the books. He concentrates more on the fighting."
Cora scowls a little, her eyes narrowing, and I can see in her her very clear intent to have some words with her son later. "Well, I'm glad one of you is paying attention," she murmurs. I turn my head to look up at Jacks again, and see him fighting a smile, genuinely pleased to be complimented like that. It brings a smile to my face too, surprising after such a horrible announcement.
Cora and Jackson continue to chat about the Atalaxian world and viewpoint, Mark listening closely, but I let my eyes drift around the room. Daphne sits quietly on the couch, studying her hands, while Luca and Ben each lean against the wall, looking sick.
I sigh, feeling sorry for them, my eyes starting to drift away and move on, seeking my mother and my sister, but... My eyes snap back to the pair. Because Luca I understand - he's battling a hangover and what I can only imagine was an intense conversation with my dad before the meeting. But Ben?
Ben came home with me last night, and I'm....fine. Plus, before the meeting, he was laughing and joking with us. But now he looks...sweaty, and unsettled, and just plain ill. I frown, not understanding. What on earth is wrong with him?
But there's no time to think on it.
We all turn as one as the door opens again and my father steps through, Roger, Jesse, Rafe, and grandpa Henry coming in behind him. We fall silent.
"Good," dad barks out, still livid from the events of the afternoon. He stands in front of all of us and crosses his arms, glaring around at us like we're all his troops. Obviously, we all know that he's not mad at us, but still...it's very intimidating.
"Is this real, Dominic?" mom asks, her voice breathy, scared. My eyes dart over to see her sitting in the other
armchair, Juniper squeezed in next to her, looking smaller than she usually does.
"It's very real, Ella," my dad snaps, focusing on her now. "And we need to come up with a plan, right now, if we intend to survive."
###Chapter 0393
The next few hours move strangely, some minutes flying by so quickly that I'm shocked to see the clock when I next glance up, others dripping by so slowly that it agonizes me. Dad organized us quickly, gathering everyone involved in the military together, including us Cadets. He calls in a few of his military advisors as well, wanting their opinions, but he fields suggestions from the rest of us as if we're just as much a part of it. I keep my mouth shut more than the others, listening and considering, not really feeling like I have anything to add. But Jackson and Rafe surprise me especially, chirping in with shockingly helpful suggestions and rather brilliant insights regarding our future plans. Mom, Cora, Juniper, Mark, and Daph all do what they can to pitch in and help out, even if they aren't directly engaged in the conversation. Isntead, they arrange for meals to be brought up and ensure that the military minds all have paper and pens and maps and schematics and everything else that we need to work. But eventually, even the most stoic amongst us grow exhausted. And our time runs short.
Dad glances up at the clock, its hands showing that it's well past midnight. "All right," he murmurs, his chin pressed between the fingers of one hand. "I'm calling it. Everyone get a few hours of sleep. You all," he says, eyeing his advisors, "I'll see in the morning." We break up then and I stretch my hands over my head as I watch everyone begin to move, stretching tired limbs. We made some important, big decisions tonight, but the one that affects me most directly is the choice to call the Cadets back to school the day after the Midwinter holiday. It was a choice that surprised me, but which Rafe argued made sense.
"It's a military academy," he had said, his hands spread wide, his voice angry at the protestations against the idea. "Not a repository for charming young schoolboys. We should be preparing to serve - as reinforcements, if not active duty. Though honestly, I'd argue for the latter."
My eyebrows had gone up at this - me? My brother, my cousin, my mates, my friends - on the war front? God, I mean, I knew that's where this was heading -
But so soon?
For better or worse, my father and Roger had agreed, and the decree had gone out quietly to Cadets and their families. The rest of the nation will be informed about the increased Atalaxian threat the day after the holiday, at my mother's insistence.
As people begin to stand and stretch, my eyes start to search the room, looking for my mates. Jackson, I'm interested to see, stands with his arms crossed, speaking quietly with my dad, and brother, and Roger. But Luca...
I turn around, frowning a bit, searching for him. And I go still when I find him standing at the door, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed, his eyes on me. Looking utterly exhausted.
Immediately, I make my way across the room to him.
"Luca," I murmur, frowning and reaching up for his face. He hesitates for a second but then lets me touch him, leaning his cheek into my palm.
"I have to go, Ariel," he murmurs. "I am...exhausted, and my mom and Gran are going to be so worried about me."
I bite my lip, not wanting him to leave, but...well. He has a family - I'm not his entire world. But still, I can't let him go without knowing.
"What happened, Luca?" I ask quietly, searching his face. "With my dad?"
He just sighs, hard, his eyes drifting shut. "He told me what I needed to hear," he replies, frustration lining his words - but I can tell that it's only at himself.
I murmur his name, pressing myself closer, wanting to comfort him. Because I've been on the receiving end of some of dad's lectures before and it is...not at all pleasant. Still, Luca looks...shattered. Like his whole world turned upside down.
Luca wraps a single arm around me, tender and soft, his fingers tracing lightly the dip of my spine. He touches me like he's not sure if he should, like I'm a treasure forbidden to him. And I frown, hating it, pressing myself closer, letting my weight fall against his, letting him feel that I'm real, and warm, and that he's mine.
He lets me, just for a moment, before he stands up straight and opens his eyes, obliging me to take a step back. "Can I take you out tomorrow?" he asks softly, looking down into my eyes. "I'm sorry, I want to stay tonight, but," he lifts a hand and briefly scrubs it down his face. I follow the line of it, taking in the stubble on his cheeks, the circles starting under his eyes. "I...I need to sleep. In my own tiny, pathetic, childhood bed.""
###Chapter 0394
I grin a little, thinking of him curled up in it. But then I think about what he's requested. "Tomorrow?" I ask, biting my lip a bit. "On... Midwinter Eve? Luca...why don't you just come here for the party?" He sighs and looks down at me, quickly shaking his head, letting me know that... plans have changed. "Just for a few hours, Ariel, in the afternoon. Just...an hour before sunset, and an hour after."
I hesitate again, knowing that it's going to be hard - mom, she makes a big deal out of Midwinter, and even if things will be strained this year I know she's going to need my help. But when I look up into Luca's eyes, and see how badly he needs this... "Okay," I say, nodding, letting my hand fall from his face and trailing it down the length of its arm. "For a little bit, yeah. And then I have to get back."
"Thank you," Luca whispers. Then he dips a quick kiss to my mouth and turns, heading out the door. I blink, kind of surprised at the speed at which he left, staring after him.
When I turn back to my family, I can tell that they're pretending to not notice how quickly Luca bailed after our official dismissal. Jackson, in particular, keeps himself distracted. But Daphne raises an eyebrow at me, asking if I'm okay. I give her a quick nod, because I am. I am. Of course I am. What's mate drama, after all, when your nation is on the brink of destruction?
I exhale a long breath, smoothing my hands down over my dress as I head back to the group at the center of the room just in time to catch a kiss from Cora as she and Roger and Jesse make their goodbyes. Jesse tosses me a wink and I give him a small smile as he goes.
"What's the plan?" I ask my mom quietly.
"Bed," she says with a sigh, reaching out and pulling me into a brisk hug. "Unless you need something?"
"No," I say quietly, shaking my head.
"Don't let it stress you, baby," mom says, giving my shoulder a squeeze as she reaches out a hand for Juniper, pulling her up out of the armchair where she's dozing. "We've been in worse spots as a nation. We'll get out of this too."
I nod, smiling at her, believing it. She moves away, she and dad shepherding Mark and Juniper to bed. My eyes immediately move to Ben, Rafe, Daphne, and Jackson - the only people left.
"So, what," Rafe says quietly, raising an eyebrow as the last door snicks shut and the room falls quiet. "Do we stay up and drink away our sorrows? Or sleep 'em off?"
"Bed," Ben and Daphne say immediately, and I laugh at their simultaneity as the two look at each other and grin.
"Bed it is, with a little nightcap to send us off right," Rafe murmurs, heading over to the bar and prepping five glasses of whiskey. Jackson goes over to help, knowing that though Rafe has big hands, he's only got two of them.
"A literal night cap," Daphne murmurs. "That's...cute."
I nod to her but then catch Ben's eye, nodding intently to my left, asking for a moment.
He sighs, like he knew it was coming, and steps aside with me. Daphne lets us, not asking any questions and moving over to the bar with Rafe and Jackson, because she's both canny and a gem.
"Ariel," Ben sighs, shaking his head. "Please -"
"Ben, cut it," I snap, crossing my arms and giving him a little glare. "Something is up with you - you almost passed out last night at the fight, and today you were all sweaty again after the meeting! What the hell is going on with you!?" I step forward, sniffing him a little, my eyes narrowing. "Are you like...sick?"
"What," he mutters, looking anxiously around as he gives me a tiny shove on the shoulder and pushes me away. "Do you think you could smell it if I was?"
"Well, maybe!" I snap back. But then my face falls, and my heart fills. "Benny, if you're sick, I'll go get mom - she can heal like, anything! It's easy -"
"Ariel," Ben sighs, dropping his voice lower and speaking through his teeth. "I'm not sick, all right?"
My eyes go wide. "Then you know what's...wrong with you?"
"Yes, I know what's wrong. Can we please drop it?"
"What is it!?" I gasp, worried and quite desperate to know. "Benny, you don't look healthy -" "I'm fine!"
"You're not!" I give him a little shove now, getting angry about it.
Because whatever it is, Ben is determined to keep it a secret. But I am just as determined to find out.
###Chapter 0395
"Would you stop it!?" Ben growls, his voice a little frantic now, looking over at the bar where Rafe is finishing up. "I'm never going to see the Atalaxians again, so it won't matter and I'll be fine, just drop it -" I gasp, going still. "So, it has something to do with the Atalaxians!?"
He groans, turning away from me and clenching his jaw, clearly pissed at himself for letting that slip.
"What did they do to you!?" I growl, grabbing his arm, livid now.
"Nothing!" he snaps, turning his head to glare at me. "They did nothing, Ariel, just drop it!"
"NO!"
He grabs me by the arms then, dragging me to the corner of the room, giving up at any attempt to be inconspicuous. "If I tell you, will you drop it, and tell no one!?"
I glare at him a little, not sure if I trust this. "I agree, if you tell me everything," I say, snapping my finger up to point into his face. "And if you don't need healing. Because if you're sick! I'm taking you to mom!"
"Fine," he bites out, glaring hard at me and then glancing over at the bar, where the other three have their back turned. But still, Rafe is picking up the glasses, and I know that we only have instants left. "It's my...my fucking mate, Ariel."
My jaw drops utterly open and I just stare up at him. "What?" I breathe, utterly shocked.
"Yes, okay? So, can you please just let it go, and stop bringing attention to this!?" He looks anxiously over at where Rafe is turning back towards the room, looking for us.
"One of them," I whisper, grabbing Ben's arm, dragging his attention back to me. "One of them is your mate!?"
"Yes!" he snaps, frantic now, wanting to get back to the group before someone notices.
I hang back, grabbing his hand and putting my weight into my heels, not letting him get away. "Which one!?" I hiss, desperate to know.
"The...fucking cute one! Obviously!" He hauls his hand back to his side, tugging me with him and making me stumble back into the center of the room. But I gasp in delight, ignoring my stumble as I trot along at his side back towards our friends, because I know instantly which one the cute one is - the tall and lanky one with the blue eyes, standing next to the prince.
The one who sent a little shudder through me too.
My wolf perks up at the thought of him, both of us wondering what on earth that was, that shiver when we met his eyes? Was I just feeling the residual effects of his mating bond calling to Ben? I mean...I guess that's possible....but...
No, his wolf looked at me too, my wolf murmurs inside my chest, curious and interested.
But there's no time to think on it further, because Rafe and Daphne and Jacks are already looking at us with curiosity. I scowl up at Ben a bit, letting him know that this conversation is not over. Ben just rolls his eyes. "What were you two up to?" Rafe asks, smirking as Ben and I come back to the group.
Ben just scowls at me. "Ariel just needed my advice on a very embarrassing situation. But I'll never tell," he clenches his teeth here on the words, clearly reminding me of my promise. "Because I would never do that to her."
I beam at him, nodding, a silent promise that I won't tell anyone. "Yup!" I say, turning my grin on Rafe. "It's very embarrassing. I'm mortified. Thank god I have Ben to advise me - I'd never survive if I didn't."
Jackson just frowns at me, baffled, while Daphne laughs, not buying it, before she lifts her drink to her mouth and takes a long sip.
"Cool, well, I'm taking this nightcap to bed," she says, sighing with exhaustion. Then to my surprise she stands on her toes and presses a kiss to Rafe's cheek. "Night, everyone!"
Daphne waves a hand over her shoulder as she heads to my room, where we agreed she'd sleep again tonight. Mom gave her her own suite, like she did Jackson, but tonight? After the events of the day? I think we all want to stay close. Rafe clears his throat, blushing adorably as he presses a glass of whiskey into my hand and then another into Ben's. "Ready for bed, Ben?" he asks, raising an eyebrow his way.
###Chapter 0396
"More than I have ever been," he says, heaving an exhausted sigh and then draining his glass. Rafe laughs and pats him on the shoulder.
"Come on, then," he says, nodding back towards the family bedrooms. "Bunk with me tonight, like you did the first night. No sense in wandering the palace trying to remember which room is yours when you're already dead on your feet." "Youuu got it," Ben murmurs, smirking at Rafe and wandering away with him.
I smile after them, shaking my head a little, because...well, in many situations, I imagine that Rafe inviting Ben to his room for the evening would be kind of a dream come true. But are things different now that Ben has discovered that he has a mate? And a really cute one? Or does he still have a crush?
"What's going on there?" Jackson asks, making me jump a little out of my reverie.
I turn my head to stare at him, my mouth making a little "o" of surprise.
He just smirks at me. "I know something's up. I felt your shock and surprise and delight coming down the bond. Are you going to tell me?"
Grimacing a little, I step to Jackson's side and wrap my arms around his waist, careful not to spill my glass of whiskey. "I promised Ben that I wouldn't," I say in a whisper. "Do you mind?"
"No, I don't mind," he murmurs, lifting a hand and drifting his thumb softly over my cheekbone. "Keep your promises to your friends, Ari. Though..." he hesitates here, and I grin. He just sighs, shaking his head down at me. "I never liked gossip before I got all wrapped up in your family, Ariel. But now I'm like...dying to know. What have you done to me?"
"You're one of us!" I squeak, delighted at the revelation, smiling so hard my eyes crinkle up into little half moons. "We've converted you! Aw, Jacks, that makes me so happy - I'm going to tell you everything -"
He laughs, pulling me tighter and taking a tiny sip of his drink. "Please, start me off easy, Clark. I'm a gossip novice, after all."
"Okay," I say with a sigh. And then I surprise myself by breaking into a big yawn.
He grins down at me. "Tired, little mate?"
"Yeah," I sigh, leaning my full weight against him, happy and content even after such a harrowing day.
"Ready for bed?" he murmurs, his eyebrows going up.
I grimace a little, not wanting to leave him but...well, knowing I need sleep. "Yeah, I think so," I whisper, nodding.
"Good!" he says, and then Jackson shocks me by moving fast, ducking his shoulder down, tucking it beneath my waist, and then wrapping an arm around the back of my thighs as he stands up straight.
I gasp as I'm quickly lifted high in the air on his shoulder, shocked and confused and -
But then I burst into laugher, even as half of my whiskey sloshes out of its glass. "Jacks!" I half shriek, working hard to keep my voice quiet even as I vent my shock. He ignores me, striding for the door to the hall.
"Jackson!" I burst out again, laughing, pounding my free hand on his back as I use my stomach muscles to hold me up so that I'm not just dangling over his shoulder with my head down, like I was at the examination. "Put me down! What are you doing!?"
When Jackson doesn't respond to my smacking him, I use that hand pressed tight to his spine to prop myself up, looking backwards over his back even as he carries me away.
"I'm taking you to bed, Princess," Jackson murmurs, pulling open the hallway door and stepping swiftly out.
"What!?"
"I have no intention, Ariel," Jackson says, his voice joyful even as I can tell that his words are dead serious, "of ever going to bed without you ever again, if I can help it. Starting...now. Or, well. Last night."
I'm completely shocked by this declaration even as I can't keep the smile off of my face. "You know, I can walk to your bedroom," I murmur, twisting to grin at him.
"I'm faster than you," he mutters. "And feeling impatient tonight."
And I just laugh again, shaking my head, letting my mate carry me away, pleased to bits at this surprising turn to the evening.
###Chapter 0397
Despite the rather dramatic way in which Jackson carried me to his room, about half an hour later the vibe is very different - calm, easy and simple, honestly like we do this every night. I'm freshly showered and dressed in another ridiculously large set of his pajamas as he
comes out of the bathroom in his own set of pajama pants, towel-drying his hair.
I grin, delighted, when I see that our pajamas match.
Jackson just raises his head and smiles at me, glad to feel my happiness down the bond, not really needing to know the reason. Just...happy I'm happy.
"You come here," I murmur, opening my arms as I lean back against the headboard. To my distinct pleasure, my mate obeys, neatly draping his towel over his desk chair and crawling onto the bed, turning so that his back is to me and I can wrap my arms around him from behind.
I take a long, deep sniff of his delicious scent, clean and fresh now after the shower. "You smell amazing," I murmur, a little drunk on it.
"So do you. I know everyone teased about it today, but I think your scent improves with a little of mine thrown in the mix.
I hum my approval, kind of wishing I could smell it, thinking that it's a shame that one can't smell their own scent. I'd like to know what it was like - honey, and clove, and pine, and ember. It sounds...nice.
"It is nice," he murmurs, nodding. I smile. And then Jackson leans more of his weight back against me and lets me feel - a little - how tired he is. But still, tired as he is, he takes a minute to check in. "Are you all right?" he asks. "I feel...you're unsettled. Or something."
I smirk a little. "It's been an unsettling day," I murmur, tracing my nails lightly, passively, over his skin. He shivers a little and hums, giving me time to find my words. "I guess I felt...a little stupid tonight." "Stupid?" he asks, going still and turning a bit sharply to look up at me. "What? Why?"
I grin at him, pleased slightly that he's angry even at the idea that I'd ever feel stupid. "Well, all of you were really in on the planning - you, and Rafe, and Jesse, and Ben, and Luca, when he could lift his head up. But especially you and Rafe. I...didn't have anything to add. I felt...well, kind of left out, and like I was not as good at being a Cadet as you all."
"But you're espionage," he replies, frowning at me as I start to run my fingers through his damp hair, my nails scratching gently against his scalp. "Ariel, this is what we're trained for. I know that sometimes Warrior cadets get marked as brutes who just run around all day, but we do a lot of studying too. Not as much as you, granted, but we read military theory and study strategy for a reason. Plus, I've been studying military history since I was a child - I was literally raised for this."
I frown a little, Jackson's words having - I think - the opposite effect. "Well, I want to learn all of that too," I say, feeling left out. "I want to be...helpful. And not just know a bunch of chemistry and poisoning stuff."
"Ariel," he growls, shaking his head at me, and I grin at his frustration. "Do you distrust Neumann?"
"What?" I frown at him. "No, absolutely not."
"Do you think he's easy on you? That he gives you less work than the rest of us?"
I guffaw at him a bit at the understatement, because I work way harder at my studies than anyone in our little group - and I let Jesse and Rafe put me through my athletic paces. If he were actually accusing me of taking it easy in the Academy then I'd truly give Jackson a real piece of my mind. But, I'm aware that his question is rhetorical.
###Chapter 0398
strategy like the rest of us. He will turn you into the spy this nation needs."
"Exactly," Jackson says, nodding solidly as he holds my gaze. "Trust your course, Ariel. An effective military needs people with many branches of expertise. Neumann is requiring you to learn your stuff because that's what he believes you need to know - not military "Fine," I sigh, resting my cheek down against his head as he turns his face away from mine, respecting his logic and deciding to just trust the process, as he suggests.
"What about you? You okay?" I whisper, genuinely wanting to know. "Are you like...afraid? Of what's to come?"
"Afraid?" he muses, truly considering it. But then he shakes his head. "No. I've been preparing for war my whole life, Ari. It feels...inevitable. Like this was always coming."
"That's not a reason to not feel afraid," I whisper, my mind wandering as I tighten my arms around him.
"Are you afraid?" he asks, raising a hand to rub slowly over my forearm, up and down, a soft, comforting motion.
"Yes," I whisper, knowing it's no good to lie. Our bond is open again, like it was last night, and he can feel all of my emotions as I have them. "I'm afraid...of losing people. You, my family, my friends. Luca. I...don't think I'm ready for this."
"We won't let that happen," he murmurs, warm and utterly assured.
"You can't promise that," I whisper. Not doubting him just...knowing that it's impossible.
Jackson takes a long moment to respond.
"What?" I prompt.
He takes another few seconds to gather his thoughts, and when he speaks, I listen quite closely.
"I'm not particularly religious, Ariel," he says, soft. "I mean, we know that the gods are real - you yourself, bizarrely enough, are proof enough of that. But in general I don't think they care too much about the majority of mortal lives - and I never thought they cared about mine. But after all of this? Of finding you in one of the darkest moments in my life, and then coming here, and finding myself in a war council with the King and all of his advisors?"
Jackson shakes his dark head and I consider him carefully, seeing the situation anew from his eyes.
"It just feels...bigger, Ariel. And it all feels very possible. And I don't think that... that she would have brought all this together if there wasn't some bigger purpose."
"Well, what if that bigger purpose is to win the war?" I whisper, tightening my arms around him, my fear welling up in me again. "And what if the price of that win is...us? Some of us, all of us? A sacrifice, to save the lives and freedoms of many?"
Jackson is still for a moment, but then he turns so that he faces me, slipping an arm around me, raising his other hand to cup my cheek. "No," he murmurs, quite simply, looking seriously into my eyes. "Goddess plans or not...we're living through this, Ariel. I just got you. I'm keeping you, and you're keeping me." He shrugs, like that's the end of it.
I grin, and decide to believe him, because...well. What's the point, if you don't have faith, and something to fight for?
And Jackson...he's worth fighting for.
So I lean forward, and kiss my mate, and let him wrap me up tight in his arms. A short while later I fall asleep that way too, with Jackson curled up around me, happy and safe and perfectly content.
###Chapter 0399
The palace is quiet as Daphne slips out, stifling a yawn as she trots down the front steps, her bag slung over her shoulder and a portfolio clutched in her arms. She shivers a bit in the cold as she hails a cab from the busy street in front of her, sending one last wistful look at the sleeping palace before she climbs into the car. Because she left too early to say a proper goodbye - everyone's still asleep after the late night last night. But Daphne has an early train to catch home for the holiday, and an errand to run first.
Daphne smirks as she settles into the back of the cab, thinking about how Ariel didn't come to bed last night - didn't even make an appearance before sneaking out to Jackson's room. It's a shame, really, that Daphne didn't get to say goodbye to her but...well, she understands. Plus, the allure of your mate sleeping all alone a few hallways down?
A temptation that Daphne, herself, wouldn't have even bothered to try to resist.
She takes a deep breath, resting her head back as she watches the city flash by, heading off to the wealthy semi-suburban area where the other branch of the Sinclair family lives. As she travels, Daphne wonders, passively, if she should have had her own midnight adventure, sneaking off down the hall to rap quietly at Rafe's room, steal a few hours for herself...
But her little wolf turns once in her soul, discontented at the idea, so Daphne just brushes a warm mental hand over her wolf's fur and turns away from the thought. Her wolf is right, after all - it's not really worth wondering about. Not when there's so much to do. The cab pulls up in front of a large, beautiful house, pulling through the open gates into the driveway. Daphne and the cabby both peer up at the house, which looks quite quiet.
"Are you...expected, miss?" the cabby asks, clearly wondering if everyone inside is asleep.
Daphne grimaces a little. "Sort of," she murmurs. "Um, do you mind waiting?" she asks, knowing she'll need a ride to the train station after her errand.
"Not a problem," he murmurs, "as long as you know this is running." He taps the top of the meter with a cheerful finger.
Daphne agrees, thanking him and climbs out of the cab, leaving her bag and taking the portfolio with her. She starts eagerly for the house, thinking that if everyone is still asleep - which makes sense, after such a long night of strategizing - she can just leave the portfolio. She walks eagerly to the door and lifts a hand to knock on it but...
Well...
The door's open, just a crack. And cheerful yellow light is streaming through the thin aperture, along with some light laughter. Daphen drops her hand, leaning closer, and then bursts into a smile when she hears the sound of children inside - yelling and laughing. Not hesitating anymore, she pushes the door open a bit and peeks inside.
"Hello?" Daphne calls, curious.
"Daphne!" a voice calls, instant. And then there's a series of shrieks, and three little kids come dashing for her - Jesse's three youngest - with their hands outstretched. "Come in!" sings Bella, delighted, grabbing Daphne by the hand and tugging her inside. "Oh, please come in! Come play!"
"Hi! Hi Daphne!" Chase calls out, desperate for her attention, jumping up and down and shooting his hands up in the air. Daphne grins, a little delighted by the reception. She's not used to little ones and is quite pleased to find that she's already so popular a guest after only knowing them for a few days.
The littlest one- a little girl only four years old - just grins and wraps herself eagerly around Daphne's leg, holding on for dear life. Daphne bursts into laughter, looking between the three kids, not knowing what to do next. "Good god, they've got you now."
Daphne's head snaps up and her face breaks into a grin when she sees Jesse standing in the doorway to the living room, leaning casually against the door jamb. "You're their captive - you're never getting out." "Yessss!" Chase hisses, victorious. "We've got her! Captive! Prisoner! Yes!"
"Bring her in, then," Jesse calls, still beaming at Daphne as he turns into the living room and waves for them all to follow. Bella and Chase dash after him, but the little one just grins up at Daphne, not moving. "Well?" Daphne asks, playfully raising an eyebrow at her. "How do we do this?"
"Up!" the littlest Sinclair commands, releasing her arms and holding them up to Daphne. Daphne laughs and obeys, leaning down to scoop the little girl up into her free arm, balancing her on her hip as she, too, follows Jesse into the living room. Daphne eyes go wide when she sees the chaos inside. Just - toys, and candy, and children all over the place.
###Chapter 0400
"Come here, Fifs, you disaster, let poor Daphne go," Jesse calls, holding his arms out for the baby in Daphne's arms. He's sitting on the floor in front of the couch now, a puzzle spread out before him, both Chase and Bella on either side of it, sorting through the pieces. Seraphina - called Fifi by those who love her best - wiggles in Daphne's arms, struggling to be put down, so Daphne places her back on the floor and she dashes immediately to Jesse, throwing herself in his lap.
"Hi, Daphne!" Rose calls, waving from her spot in front of the television where she's playing some dance game, her movements tracked by the device. Chase, the eldest after Jesse, is slumped over an armchair, playing a game on his phone. Daphne grins at the fact that he completely ignores her.
"This is...quite a scene," Daphne murmurs, looking around, kind of impressed. "What on earth are you all doing up after a late night?"
"Come sit," Jesse says, patting the spot next to him on the fourth side of the puzzle.
Daphne obeys as Jesse wraps his arms tight around his youngest sister, planting a solid kiss on her head while Daphne settles in.
"Unfortunately," Jesse says, smiling softly at Daphne as he rests his head against Seraphina's, "even if their parents stay up until two in the morning worrying about the state of the nation, the children still wake up at the crack of dawn, demanding sustenance." "Sustenance!" Fifi shouts, throwing her fists in the air.
Jesse laughs but otherwise ignores her, keeping his attention Daphne.
"But why are you up?" Daphne asks, grinning at Jesse, charmed by it all. She doesn't have any siblings, so sitting in a house so cozy and warm and noisy with love? It's a welcome change. "You were up late worrying too."
"The demons demanded my presence," Jesse replies, raising one of his feet to give Chase a little kick that topples him over a bit. Chase growls, playful, and sends Jesse a wicked grin before leaping on his foot and pretending to attack it. "They like my scrambled eggs better than mom's. Because they have taste buds, you see."
"But isn't that a lot to ask of you?" Daphne asks softly, leaning against the couch with her portfolio still tucked under her arm. "You're one of them, after all. A sibling."
"Yeah, but mom and dad need a break," Jesse replies, equally soft, holding Daphne's gaze as he speaks honestly for once instead of cracking a joke. "Besides, I miss my buddies, and I can sleep at the Academy when I only have Rafe and Ariel to take care of." He grins, looking over his siblings with very clear affection.
Daphne laughs a little and he turns his smile back to her. "What do you have there?" he asks, lifting his chin at the portfolio under her arm.
"Oh!" Daphne says, looking down at the neatly bundled papers and then hesitating before pulling them out and settling them on her lap.
"Gimme!" Bella says immediately, snatching the portfolio out of Daphne's hands.
"Oh, um!" Daphne gasps, hesitating.
"Bella," Jesse scolds, his voice low and slow. Bella stops instantly with her hand on the cover, grimacing and looking up at her big brother. "What do we say about important paperwork?"
Bella sighs, looking down, ashamed. "No sticky fingers."
"I washed mine!" Chase declares, reaching for the portfolio with his apparently clean hands.
Jesse raises an eyebrow at Daphne and she shrugs, thinking that it's just some preliminary ideas, it wouldn't really matter if they got smudged. Everyone leans forward - even Caleb, clearly eavesdropping from his place on the armchair - peering at the designs as Chase reverently opens the portfolio and quickly spreads them out.
"Oh, ew, girl stuff," Chase sighs, jumping to his feet and running across the room - though Daphne doesn't know where he's going or why.
"Girl stuff!?" Rose gasps, turning immediately and abandoning her dance game as she falls to her knees and starts to sort through the sketches. Bella likewise leans in, curious.
"They're designs," Daphne says, unable to keep the pride from her voice. "Your mom asked me to think up some dresses and outfits for her. These are the ones I thought of this morning."
"Just this morning?" Jesse murmurs, raising his eyes to her. "Talk about getting no sleep."
"Hard work takes the time it takes, Sinclair," Daphne replies, mock-haughty and raising her eyes to his.
Immediately, he grins. "I wouldn't know, Baros."
Daphne just wrinkles her nose at him, just a little. Because she knows he's lying that he pretends to be lazier than he is. Because how can he call himself lazy when he's clearly gotten up early to let his parents catch some sleep? As Jesse smirks at her, Daphne just turns her head slightly to study this boy, who is constantly revealing himself to be more and more of a mystery.
###Chapter 0401
"They're beautiful," Rosie whispers, her voice reverent as she sorts through the pages of Daphne's designs.
"I can make you one too," Daphne says, peeling her eyes from Jesse and leaning forward to smile at the girl before her, just on the cusp of her teenage years.
Rosie squeaks with pleasure and hope, her hands flying up to clasp against her chest. "Really!?"
"Yes, of course!" Daphne replies, laughing.
"What about me!?" Bella gasps, not wanting to be left out.
"You too, Bella," Daphne replies, laughing a little and focusing on the younger girl at her side. Bella grins up at her, well pleased.
"But not Seraphina," Rose murmurs, looking back down at the drawings. "She'll just get cake all over it."
"It's true, isn't it, Fifs," Jesse says quite seriously, looking down at the baby of the family, who is at most four. The baby grins up at her favorite sibling. "I don't know why we dress you at all, considering your fabric-to-food ratio."
Seraphina giggles, and smacks Jesse lazily on the chest, turning her head away towards the TV where Rose's dance game is still running.
"So, your mom's asleep?" Daphne asks quietly, a little dismayed.
"Yeah, but don't worry," Jesse says, reaching out around Seraphina and deftly scooping the designs back into the portfolio before deftly closing it. Rosie immediately runs back to her game, starting it over, and Bella leans against Daphne's side, nuzzling close. "I can give it to her. With as little chocolate sauce on it as possible."
"But not none?" Daphne asks, a grin starting.
"Never none," Jesse replies, shaking his head and laughing lightly as he lifts his eyes to meet Daphne's. "Not in this house."
The two take a moment, staring at each other and smiling, before Daphne sighs and looks around. "Man, it's really nice here. So...cozy and busy. I almost wish I'd stayed here, instead of the palace."
"You've only been here for five minutes. It's very charming for five minutes. And then someone bites you." He gives Chase another playful kick, sending the boy toppling over and laughing again.
Daphne laughs, turning her eyes back to Jesse. "No one's going to bite me here. I've promised them dresses."
"Don't be too sure of that," Jesse murmurs, resting his head back against the couch, his eyes dropping a little to Daphne's neck.
And Daphne, despite herself, drops her gaze to the floor, a faint blush marking her cheeks.
"Do you know," Jesse says after a long quiet moment, his voice shifting now to speak out to all the children, demanding their attention. "I bet that Aunt Ella didn't even feed Daphne before she left this morning."
The children all gasp dramatically as one, pretending to be scandalized, immediately in on the game.
"Bad auntie!" Chase declares.
"Inhospitable!" Caleb calls from the chair, showing off his vocabulary as he drops his phone and gives up the ruse of being too cool to play.
"Oh Daphne, you poor thing," Rose murmurs, pressing a sincere hand to her heart.
Daphne bursts into laugher, looking around at all of them in shock, not getting it yet.
"We have to fix this," Jesse says, nodding sagely and holding up one hand in the air. All the children go tense, and Daphne looks around at all of them, fascinated and baffled. "Best to-go breakfast gets...ten minutes later to bedtime tonight!" The children gasp, delighted at the prize.
"In three...!" Jesse calls, holding up three fingers and starting to count them down. "Two...!"
But he never gets to one, because Chase shrieks and leaps for the kitchen and then the rest of them are off after him, shouting, calling him a cheater, pushing and shoving each other aside to get through the kitchen door first.
Daphne bursts with laugher as she spins to watch them go, truly delighted. Jesse, beside her, laughs too.
"Bribery," he sighs, and she turns back to him. "The only efficient way to get them to leave you the hell alone for a second."
"Oh, come on, Jess," Daphne says on a sigh, leaning her head against the edge of the couch and gazing at him, just a bit. "It's very clear that you don't want to be away from them, not for a single minute."
"I wouldn't be so sure," he murmurs, studying her face quietly. "Maybe just for one minute alone with our honored early-morning guest."
Jesse lifts a hand then in the space between them. But then hesitates and quickly lowers it, tucking it tight beneath his leg like he wants to keep it from escaping. Daphne lifts her own hand, brushing the loose strand of hair out of her face, tucking it back behind her ear. "Home today?" he asks quietly. "To see mom?"
"Mmhmm," she replies, giving a smile. "I'm excited. It will be good to see her."
"I'm sorry," Jesse murmurs, frowning a touch, "that it looks like we stole you away for most of your winter break, now that we all have to go back to the Academy early."
"I wouldn't give up a minute of it," Daphne replies, grinning, meaning it. "It's been wonderful."
"I'm tempted to beg you to stay, you know," Jesse murmurs. He slowly looses a long breath. "Even if it's unfair to your mother...I'd keep you, if I could."
###Chapter 0402
"Don't beg," Daphne murmurs, taking a deep breath and staring at him, unblinking.
"You're not in charge, Daphne," he whispers. "I'll beg if I want to."
"Not proper, for a Duke to beg."
He smirks. "Depends on what he's begging for. And whether it's worth falling to his knees."
She laughs a little. "Surely, one more day with me isn't worth such disgrace."
"Don't undersell yourself, Daph. You're worth a great deal more trouble than that."
Silence reigns between them as the pair just stare at each other for what feels like a long, long time.
But god, what a silence. Daphne feels that if she had her sewing sheers in her hand she could cut the silence up into bits and sew it into an elaborate cloak, sell it for millions. But she wouldn't - she'd keep it whole and just wrap herself in it when she's alone. In the stillness, the peace.
It's all ruined, of course, a moment later when the kitchen door bursts open. Daphne nearly jumps out of her skin as another blush rises to her cheeks. God, when did she start blushing so much for no reason?
"Unfair, Chase!" Bella calls out, chasing her older brother, her voice thick with tears. "Jesse, he stole all the syrup!"
"It's my syrup!" Chase bites back over his shoulder, rushing into the room with a sopping wet paper bag in his hands. "Mom bought it for me -"
"Ooookay," Jesse says, instantly getting to his knees when he sees the impending disaster before him, grabbing the roll of paper towels at his side - which Daphne suspects he always keeps by his side in this house - and reaching for the dripping bag. Chase gives it to him and Jesse instantly begins to wrap it up.
"Daphne didn't even get to see it," Chase moans, his shoulders slumping as his breakfast offering disappears into layers and layers of absorbent white paper.
"But I can smell it," Daphne says, her eyebrows going up as she nods, not lying at all as the thick scent of maple fills the room. "And it is...a valiant effort. Thank you so much, Chase."
The little boy beams at her, well mollified.
At Jesse's bidding, the other four children ring around, holding out their offerings, which range from the very practical - Caleb's croissant and after-dinner mint - to the daringly creative - Bella's banana-flavored yogurt with a lollypop instead of a spoon.
But Daphne's heart tightens when she sees the last one, held out in Seraphina's tiny hands.
Just a very small, shallow desert dish, wrapped in a cloth napkin and filled with red and white jellybeans.
"Well, they're all delicious options," Daphne says, beaming around at all of the kids, "but this one, I think, will keep me full all day." Softly, she closes her hands around Seraphina's breakfast, accepting it, and the little girl gives a squeal of delight before throwing herself into Jesse's arms.
He laughs, catching his sister and giving her a big hug. "Well done, Fifs," he murmurs, giving her a kiss. "Ten more minutes before lights out, you lucky thing."
The other kids moan good-heartedly about the loss, taking their makeshift breakfasts with them as they go back to whatever they were doing before Daphne came in.
"That was so cute," Daphne sighs, grinning at Jesse even as she glances to the door, knowing that she has to go. "But, um," she looks down at the bowl and the cloth napkin in her hand. "I guess I can just... put the jelly beans in my pocket?" She moves to spill them out in her hand. "No no," Jesse says, reaching out a hand to stop her. Daphne looks up at him in shock. "That's your bowl now. Your napkin too."
""What!?"
Jesse bursts into a grin. "It's part of the breakfast. Just take it, Daph, it's fine."
"Jesse," she laughs, shaking her head. "I can't just take your bowl."
"Oh no, you have to," he says quite seriously, his eyebrows going up. "You'll break her heart if you don't." He nods down at Seraphina, who likewise nods seriously, like it's a very real possibility.
"Break ma heart," Sera murmurs.
Daphne can't resist that - no one could. So she just smiles and ties the napkin in a knot, holding the whole package in her fist as she gets to her feet. "You'll make sure your mom gets that?" she asks, nodding towards the portfolio.
"I promise," Jesse says, standing with her, taking Seraphina with him, balanced on his hip. The little girl rests her head on her favorite brother's chest, perfectly content, gazing happily at Daphne as she does.
"You're the best," Daphne says with a sigh, glancing around the room at all the kids. "I wish I could stay - but I'll see you in a few days anyway."
Jesse nods happily to her and then walks her to the door. He frowns, though, when he pulls it open for her and sees the cab waiting there. "Rafe didn't send you in a car?" he asks, raising an eyebrow. "Rafe didn't know I left," Daphne says, looking up at Jesse and giving a casual shrug.
###Chapter 0403
"What, you snuck out? Didn't...tell him?" Jesse asks, his frown deepening in his confusion.
"What did you want me to do," Daphne asks, giving him a genuine grin, "go knocking on bedroom doors and wake everyone up just to tell them I'm leaving? It is very early, Jesse, even if you keep psychotic child hours."
"No, definitely don't want you...knocking on doors..." Jesse murmurs, studying her for a moment as he processes the subtle information about closed doors and sleeping arrangements in the Palace last night. Then he works hard to fight a pleased smirk and turns his face away, lifting his chin towards the cab and starting over towards it. Daphne follows, suppressing her own grin.
As Daphne pulls the back door open and settles her breakfast inside a small pocket in her bag, Jesse knocks on the cabby's window and has a quick exchange with the driver. Then he comes around, still holding Seraphina up against his chest, and leans down to give Daphne a quick kiss on the cheek.
"Safe journey, Daphne," Jesse murmurs, standing straight and giving her a sad little smile, like he really does wish she could stay.
"Happy Midwinter, Jess," she replies, beaming up at him.
"Byebye," Seraphina whispers, giving a little wave, and Daphne laughs, leaning forward to give the little girl a kiss on the cheek before she hops into the cab and Jesse closes the door shut after her. Daphne looks backwards as the cab pulls away, a little too pleased to see that Jesse and the little girl still stand in the driveway, watching her go.
Then her eyes glaze over and Daphne loses herself in thought for the next twenty minutes. Deep thoughts - about...possibilities, and her life, and her future. And what it is that she really, really wants. When the taxi comes to a stop and the cabby clears his throat, Daphne blinks back to herself and is shocked to realize that they're already at the station.
"Oh," Daphne says, straightening up, embarrassed. "Sorry, sir. How much do I owe you?" She reaches for her bag, knowing her wallet is inside.
"Nothing, miss," the cabby says, his voice very, very happy. "The young Duke paid for your journey - tipped me so heartily that I don't even have to work the rest of the day, or tomorrow. Can just...spend the holiday with my kids."
Daphne's mouth hangs open for a second as she stares at the cabby, shocked, but he just grins at her and she presses her jaw shut, blushing again.
"Well, then I hope you enjoy it!" Daphne says, truly meaning it as she reaches for the door handle and starts to press it open and step outside.
"You too, miss! A happy holiday to you as well!"
Daphne shakes her head a little as the cab pulls away, pulling her bag up onto her shoulder and sighing, thinking of the mystery of a too-generous, too-caring boy who wants everyone to believe the opposite of him.
And with that thought heavy on her mind, Daphne turns towards the train station and starts on her journey home.
Mom bans all war talk for thirty-six hours.
"In honor of the gods!" she says at breakfast, staring around at us all like we're blasphemous heathens. But every single one of us - Jackson alone perhaps excepted - just smirks at her, because we know her real reasons. Mom loves the holidays and won't let anything spoil her good time. Not even the impending threat of war and destruction.
The morning passes cheerfully, as midwinter eve always does - with a big breakfast, and then decorating the living room with fresh pine boughs brought in from the forest, and stacking the wood high in the hearth. We can't have our own traditional bonfire, after all - not inside, at least - but fire is a very traditional part of the holiday, and I intend to keep it burning for all twenty-four hours of midwinter. It's tradition, and it's been my job since I was a little kid.
Still, as the hours slip past and the sun starts to sink towards the horizon, I bite my lip, glancing surreptitiously at the clock.
"Just go," Jackson says, kneeling next to me at the fireplace, handing me little sprays of pine that I'm tucking between the logs so that the fire will smell all balsamy and fresh.
"What?" I ask, spinning to stare at him with wide eyes.
"You think I use this Alpha hearing for nothing?" Jackson says, smirking at me and gesturing towards his ear. "I know Luca asked you to take a few hours with him this afternoon. It's fine, Ariel, no one will care - just...go get ready and take the time you need."
###Chapter 0404
I gasp a little, pretending to be more scandalized than I am at his evesdropping. But then my shoulders slump and I glance over to where my parents are sitting, mom finishing up wrapping some of the presents that we'll open tomorrow.
"Luca kind of got in trouble with my dad yesterday," I whisper, anxious.
"So, what, you don't think your dad's going to let you go?" Jackson asks, likewise looking over at my parents, frowning like he kind of doubts it.
"No," I say with a sigh, slumping back on my butt and resting my weight back on my hands. "I just...wish we had peace."
"It'll work out," Jackson murmurs, reaching out to tuck a sprig of pine behind my ear. But I don't miss that his wrist, just too casually, brushes against my neck as he drops his hand.
I gasp, smacking at his arm. "Jackson!" I growl. "Did you just scent mark me!? Again!?"
"Whatttt?" he asks, playing dumb. "No!"
"You liar," I hiss, but I can't help laughing as I lean forward towards him.
Jackson growls too and grabs me, pulling me into his lap. I laugh, curling up with him there and smiling up at him. "You don't mind if I go? Leave you here all alone with my family, on a holiday of all things?"
"Nah, I'll be fine," he says, glancing around the room at where my family happily prepares for the party tonight. "I'll...find Juniper. She'll protect me."
I grin, loving the idea. "I'll be home in time for dinner," I say, sitting up straighter and pressing a kiss to his jaw.
"If you're not, I'm eating your food," Jackson murmurs, helping me stand up from his lap by pressing me upwards with a hand placed a little too conveniently right on my ass.
"Don't," I snap, glaring at him and pointing a finger down at him even as I back away towards the hallway to my room. "Because none of the cooks will be here tomorrow, and we'll just be on leftovers and whatever the hell mom can whip up, which is usually just cheese and crackers. And chocolate."
"Hey!" mom calls from across the room, frowning over at me, insulted. "I can also boil pasta and put butter on it!"
But I just grin at my mom, mischievous, and dart down the hall towards my room. Because I have a date with my mate, who has been very absent, and with whom I need to have a very serious chat.
When I come out of my room a short bit later, wrapped up for the winter weather with a scarf wound around my neck and a pair of fluffy earmuffs perched on top of that, I'm surprised to see Rafe waiting outside my room, leaning against my wall with his arms crossed.
"You look cozy," he says, giving me a grin as he takes in my winter wear, which is already making me a little over-warm. Mom keeps our private apartments pretty hot in the winter, always citing her years of freezing in an orphanage as an excuse.
"What?" I ask instantly, my voice filled with dread as I look up and down the hall. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing's wrong!" he says too innocently, uncrossing his arms and spreading his hands out, giving me a false smile.
"Rafe Meatball Sinclar," I growl, stepping close and glaring up at him. "You'd better tell me."
His smile falls instantly. "That's not my middle name -"
"Tell me!" I snap, giving him a smack on the arm.
"Fine," he huffs, looking over towards the living room. "Luca's here but...dad won't let him in. It's super awkward. He made him...wait in the hall."
"What!?" I gasp, horrified and mortified at once. "Why not!?"
"Says Luca owes him something," Rafe murmurs, shrugging. "And he can't come in until he gets it."
"Oh my god," I groan, running both hands down my face, worrying about my mate standing alone and embarrassed in the hall.
"I just thought you'd want to know," Rafe says with a sigh, looking at me like he's worried for me.
"Thanks, Meatball," I murmur, reaching out and giving his forearm a brief squeeze. "You're the best."
Rafe rolls his eyes at me but follows as I dash down the hall and into the living room, where everyone - except my dad - waits awkwardly for the scene to unfold.
I scowl around at my gossipy family, whose ears are all perked up to hear every word of what happens next.
###Chapter 0405
Dad, of course, just sits with his arms crossed, waiting for me. Everyone continues to sit quietly, idly working on making decorations or wrapping gifts, pretending they're not listening as intently as they are.
I scowl at all of them - even Jackson, who is pretending to be very interested in the perfectly-stacked logs for the fire. Gossip vultures, each and every one. But they all pretend not to notice.
"Ariel," Dad says, drawing my attention to him. He nods towards the door to the apartment. "Your young man is waiting for you."
"Dad," I sigh, my shoulders slumping. "Can you just...be cool?"
"I am always very cool, Ariel," dad murmurs, smirking and raising an eyebrow at me. "Right, Ella?"
"Not involved, Dominic!" mom calls, her voice light and sing-song.
Dad's smirk deepens and returns his eyes to me. "He'll be welcome in this home again when he fulfills his end of the bargain." "What bargain!?" I burst out - hating the fact that my dad has some kind of bargain with my mate that I don't know about.
"Ask him," dad says, giving a lazy shrug as I narrow my eyes at him, thinking that he's enjoying this a little too much.
"I love you, but you're the worst," I sigh, storming for the door. I take a moment on my way to pass close to Jackson, to let my hand brush through his hair, to send a long pulse of joy and happiness and assurance down our bond. He sends it right back, which settles me a great deal.
"Home for dinner!" dad calls after me, laughing a little.
"Yeah, yeah!" I call back, pulling open the door and stepping through it in a huff.
My eyes instantly land on Luca, standing against the wall across the hall from me, leaning against it with his head down.
"I'm so sorry," I murmur, pushing the door shut behind me and rushing over to him, placing both of my hands on his hips and peering up into his face.
Luca lifts his head and gives me a sad smile. "Nothing less than I deserve," he says, shrugging and raising a hand to my face. He takes a moment to look at me seriously, his eyes so sad that my little wolf sits down hard on her haunches and lifts her nose in a mournful, sharp howl. "I am so sorry for how I behaved yesterday, Ariel."
"Luca, it's -"
"No, please, don't forgive me so easily," he replies, shaking his head. "Storming around the palace like that, shouting for you, trapping you into deals by threatening to leave you - it was...fucking horrible, Ariel. I regret it, every instant of it."
I forgive him, instantly - just like that. The sadness and regret in his face is enough to convince me that he really does understand the full picture - what was wrong, and why I'm upset, and why I need him to never act like that ever again. But, well. We still need to talk it through, don't we?
"Come on," I say, tugging on his hip and turning towards the steps that will lead us down to the front of the palace. "Let's get out of here - go somewhere cozy, where we can chat."
Luca surprises me by turning the other way, though. "No, this way," he murmurs, gesturing down the hall. "To the...elevator down to the garages? Which is...very cool, by the way."
I grin at him, nodding and turning towards it. "Why?" I ask, curious. "You could have just... pulled up out front."
"Wanted to avoid the paparazzi," he says with a sigh, looking down evenly into my eyes with his pretty brown ones, even as he slips an arm around my shoulder and pulls me close as we walk. "I learned my lesson on that point too. Today is...just for me and you, yeah? Not the press."
My smile deepens as I nod, loving that idea.
Down in the garage, Luca surprises me by leading me to a very simple brown car. When I raise my eyebrow at it - because I know from the tabloids that Luca actually is the owner of at least one very fancy, very flashy sportscar - he sighs and says he borrowed it from his cousin.
###Chapter 0406
"More inconspicuous," he murmurs, opening the door for me. When I slip inside and buckle my belt, he goes around to the driver's seat and climbs in, starting the car. "Such a new leaf, Luca," I say quietly, turning in my seat to smile at him. "No press at all?"
"No press," he says, giving me a sad, ashamed little smile as he starts to pull out of the garages. As we go, I note that another car follows us - black, but likewise inconspicuous. Almost assuredly filled with bodyguards that my dad sent after me. If Luca notices, though, he doesn't say anything. And neither do I.
"Where are we going?" I ask, looking out fondly at our beautiful city as it passes by. Night is already encroaching on this, the second-darkest day of the year. Everyone complains about it - wanting summer sun at all hours - but honestly, I kind of like it. Something about the brief days and the long, quiet nights...I don't know. It's peaceful, and mellow, and full of secrets.
"Not far," Luca says, smirking a little as he drives, being a bit cagey on purpose. He glances at me and I just smile at him, happy to let him have his secrets. He's not wrong, though - we drive about fifteen minutes towards his neighborhood and then stop, to my surprise, on what feels like a random street by a public park.
When I see the groups of people - families mostly, little kids eagerly clutching their parents' hands - I gaps, delighted.
"We're going to a bonfire!?" I gasp, sitting up in my seat.
"Is that all right?" Luca asks, grinning at me and producing two knit caps from the back seat.
"Yes!" I say, almost bouncing in my eagerness. "Yes, yes!"
Luca laughs and pulls the black knitted cap down over my conspicuous hair. I take his meaning immediately, tucking the ends of my hair into the hood of my coat and pulling my scarf up so that it covers half my face. When I look over and see him doing the same, I grin, because he really does look disguised. I mean, there aren't that many well-muscled Alphas around that are his height - but at the casual glance, there's no real sign that it's Luca Grant under there. "Very mysterious," I say, laughing, loving it.
"Just for a few minutes," he says, nodding to me and taking tucking a spare bit of my hair up beneath my cap. "We'll get some cider, and then find a spot, and then the darkness will do the work for us."
I nod eagerly, agreeing to the plan, trusting him. And so we get out of the car, and Luca grabs a blanket out of the back seat and comes around to my side. I slip my mittened hand into his gloved one as we start forward, eager and excited. Because bonfires - they're traditional midwinter activities and almost every neighborhood has their own. But I've never been able to go to one - my family, we're just too obvious when we go out into big crowds like this.
But as Luca and I slip through the gathered people, I realize that when I'm just with him, all wrapped up like this? It's enough - we're just...two normal people here for the celebration. Not Princess Ariel, just some girl here with her boyfriend.
And I absolutely love it.
Luca leads me to a little stand where a woman is selling hot mulled cider for charity at what seems like a ridiculously cheap price. Luca buys two and when the woman leans forward, asking if we'd like to spice that up a bit, he laughs and nods. She grins at him and pours a generous portion of whiskey into each cup. Luca tips generously and I smile at the woman - who of course can only see my eyes - before taking my cup and walking close at Luca's side over to where the bonfire is just being lit.
Unlike most of the crowd, though - which gathers eagerly around to watch the flames start to lick up the wood - Luca and I head to a slight hill behind the bonfire, shrouded with trees and darkness. There, Luca hands his drink to me to hold for a moment and then spreads out the blanket.
###Chapter 0407
As we sit, I notice with a little smile the two dark figures who come to stand behind us - even more inconspicuous than we are. And I'm grateful for them - grateful for my dad for always wanting to keep me safe - even as I know that nothing's going to happen. That even if
anyone did want to hurt us, Luca - my mate - would protect me.
But, well. Dad's will be dads.
"What do you think?" Luca asks, his voice more cheerful than it's been all night as he sits down next to me and I hand his drink back to him.
"I love it," I say, grinning at the orange light of the fire that's slowly starting to spread out. The heat, too, that I can start to feel on my face. I tug my scarf down and take a sip of my whiskeyed cider, knowing no one will notice. "How big will the fire get?"
"Pretty big," Luca murmurs, slipping an arm around me and taking a sip of his own drink. "Especially as the night passes, and people get...a little liquored up. And start burning all the old chairs they don't want anymore."
I burst out laughing, looking over and up at him. "Does that really happen?"
"Stick around, Princess," he murmurs, smirking and still staring into the flames, taking another sip of his drink. "You're in for one hell of a sight."
I laugh, and snuggle closer to him, and enjoy the warmth of his body alongside the fire. We're quiet for a long, long time as the fire builds and someone brings out some speakers, beginning to play old traditional songs that everyone knows and can sing along with. "Why did you bring me here, Luca?" I ask quietly. And I know, through the bond, that he knows that I'm aware that this isn't just any date - that he picked this location, and this level of secrecy, for a reason.
He takes a deep breath, I think wondering where to begin. "I thought I'd handle it differently, Ariel," he murmurs, contemplative. "I thought that...all I'd have to do to win you over would be to show you how boring Jackson is, and how fun and exciting I am."
I burst out laughing here, giving Luca a little smack on the chest. "Jackson is not boring," I protest.
"Yes he is," Luca murmurs, his eyes falling a little to the spot on my neck where Jackson scent marked me not long ago - his own little petty shot at Luca, which I now see has found its mark. "Jackson is dull as rocks, Ariel, if you're an idiot like me and think that the only way to be interesting is to be flashy, and loud, and to have VIP status at all the hottest clubs."
My heart sinks a little as I start to realize where Luca is going with this.
"But," Luca continues, "when I started to realize that Jackson doesn't have any of that - and that you sometimes like him better anyway -"
I open my mouth, desperate to protest, but Luca gives me a pleading look. I hesitate but close my lips.
"It made me realize," Luca continues, "that, of course, you're not actually a girl who cares about any of that bullshit. And it made me freak out because...I also realized that the only thing I've got is that bullshit."
My heart sinks because, I mean, is that how Luca really sees himself?
###Chapter 0408
Luca looks off into the fire now, his arm heavy around my shoulders, as he confesses what might be his deepest truth. "I'm very afraid, Ariel, that I don't have any substance at all. That I'm just flash, and that the moment I run out of interesting twists and turns that...
everyone will see that I'm just a fraud. And that I'm boring, and never will do anything interesting or important. And that...you'll see that too."
My heart sinks to hear Luca say this because I couldn't believe anything less to be true of my sweet, brash mate. I scootch closer, not protesting because...well, he told me a secret, didn't he? And I don't want to immediately throw that in his face by telling him that it's not true.
But I know he can feel it, down our bond, in every pulse of my heart. That that's not at all how I see him.
And he groans a little, and grits his teeth, and lowers his forehead to press against mine. "You're too good for me in every single way, Ariel Sinclair," he murmurs, shaking his head slightly. "It took me way...way too long to realize that. But your dad...really helped me see it. And I'm going to spend the rest of my life endeavoring to deserve you. Whatever it takes."
"Luca," I say, mournful now, because - I mean, whatever my dad said to him, it was clearly too much. Luca was beat up by it and has lowered himself too far.
"Ariel, please -"
"No," I say, definitive, pulling my face away from his and looking clearly into his eyes. "You said your part, now I get to say mine."
Luca sighs but nods, recognizing the fairness in that.
"I know you're not going to believe me if I say that none of that is true," I whisper, looking up into his brown eyes. "Because I am...biased."
He smirks a little, because that would indeed have been his argument.
I smile in turn, unable to help it. "But listen to me, Grant," I say, a little growl in my voice as I lean forward and wrap my hand around his scarf, pulling his face a little closer to mine. He grins at me, I think entertained at my minute ferocity. "You may doubt my opinion on the matter, but the goddess?" I shake my had. "She doesn't make mistakes. And she doesn't give mating bonds between mismatches."
Luca's smile grows, but he doesn't say anything, not wanting to fight me on it.
"You do deserve me," I whisper, nodding to him. "You don't need to endeavor to do it. Even if...well, even if you do need to behave better in the future."
I loosen my grip on his scarf, but he just smiles at me and lifts his hand to stroke over my cap and then down my back. "To treat you like the very literal goddess you are," he murmurs.
I laugh a little, wondering where he got that idea. "Well, I mean," I say, shrugging, a little uncomfortable with the idea. "Demigoddess, at best."
Luca laughs, and leans forward to kiss me, and I wrap my arms eagerly around his neck, glad to have him close again - glad to have my mate back, for everything to be okay between us.
We kiss for what feels like a moment, but what must actually be a rather long time, because when Luca pulls away and I open my eyes I realize that it's quite a bit darker than it was when I closed them.
"I really am going to try, Ariel," he whispers, leaning close to give me a little peck. "I promise."
"Okay," I whisper, nodding to him even as I turn my eyes towards the fire, resting my head on his shoulder. The bonfire is raging now, leaping up towards the sky, and my skin shivers with delight as I hear the flames crackle. I smile as my eyes take in the ragged red edges against the black starry sky, the bright yellows and whites down by the logs at the center.
"Do you like it?" he asks, lifting his chin towards the bonfire.
###Chapter 0409
"I love it," I reply, breathy. But then I frown, looking up at him. "You never answered my question, though. Why did you bring me to this?" He smiles down. "Because I intuited you'd love it, little pyromaniac princess."
I burst into laugher, sitting up straight.
"What," he says, grinning at me, "you always tend the fires at school, and insist on building one, even when it's stifling hot in that room -"
"I so do not!"
"You do," he insists, raising a critical eyebrow at me, and I scowl before leaning back against him and tacitly admitting it. But...well, a fire is nice! And I like it when the bricks on the fireplace stay hot all night and warm my little nook.
"But beyond feeding your rather worrying preoccupation with flame," Luca says, a little dry, making me laugh, "I brought you here because...I've been trying, for twenty-four hours, at least, to...go back to my roots. To remember things that make me feel...real. And not like a fraud."
I ignore the parts about him being a fraud because I know he doesn't want to have that fight right now - me insisting that he's not, and him having to dig further into his current state of self-loathing to insist that he is. So, I focus on the other thing that he said. "So, this," I say, raising my chin at the bonfire, at the small community gathered around it - simply enjoying being together, and having a few drinks, and laughing and singing in the firelight. "This makes you feel real?"
"It does," he says on a tiny sigh. "We used to come here every year - to this fire. Mom...we lived alone, in a little apartment, before we went to live with Gran. After...after dad left. And we didn't have a lot - mom says we survived on crumbs and pride, and we laugh about it now but...the reality wasn't too funny."
My heart swells with pain, and I try to keep it from the bond because I want Luca to tell me these things, even if I know that his core instinct is to just tuck this part of himself away, his dark memories, his sadness. But I pull my mitten off, and wrap my hand around the back of his neck beneath his scarf, wanting to feel my skin on his.
Just for a moment. Just so he knows I'm real, and I'm here. And I'm not going anywhere.
Luca smiles at me. "Yeah," he says, laughing a little, his brashness coming back as he pretends that the memory doesn't hurt him as much as it does. "Dark days, then. But we'd always come here at Christmas, and...you know, there was always something to eat. And mom would have some drinks, and I'd run around with the other neighborhood kids, and it was always..."
He gets a little choked up, and I press myself close to his side when I see silver line his eyes.
"It was always a good night," he murmurs, looking out towards the fire, pretending not to notice the little tear that drifts down his cheek.
I do my very, very best not to cry. And I only fail a little bit, but Luca just laughs and wipes my tears away with his thumb. "I'm very grateful to you, Ariel," he murmurs gently as he does. "For...helping me figure out who I really am. Even if I'm not there yet." "You're magnificent, Luc," I murmur, taking his cheeks between my hands and pressing a serious kiss to his mouth. "Thank you for letting me in."
He gives me a wink, some of his cheeky confidence coming back. "Anytime."
Someone clears their throat behind me, and we both look back to see one of my bodyguards stepping close. He looks significantly at his watch, letting me know that time has run short. Has probably run fully away with me, if I'm being realistic. I sigh as I look back at Luca.
"Let's get you home, Gorgeous," he says, giving me a sly grin and a final kiss before he stands and helps me up.
###Chapter 0410
I grimace as I slip through the dining room door to dinner, because I am well aware that I am both late and underdressed.
But I laugh as I try to quietly press the door shut behind me, because a huge cheer goes up from my gathered family at my arrival, letting me know that I was a complete fool for thinking that I could just...quietly sneak into the room and pretend that I was here the whole time. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" I protest, putting my hands up, a little envelope held tight in one of them. "I'm very rude and the worst child of the year."
"Oh, you're forgiven, baby," mom says, holding her arms out to me as the rest of my extended family - including Jackson and Jesse's whole pack - turn back to their conversations and their food. Grinning, I move swiftly to my mom's side and let her wrap me in a big hug. "All okay?" she asks. "Yeah," I say, grinning down at her and her gorgeous silver gown. "Nice dress, mom! You look great!"
"Nice sweater and muddy jeans!" she returns, grinning at me, impish.
I laugh, blushing and look down at my simple clothes - because of course, the rest of my family dressed for a formal dinner, and here I am in jeans smelling of bonfire. "Should I go get changed? I didn't want to be even later -"
"No, baby," dad says, his voice rumbling, drawing my eyes to him and his broad smile. "Just relax, enjoy the night - no one cares what you're wearing." He eyes the envelope in my hands. "Is that for me?"
I narrow my eyes a bit, even as I smile and hold it out to him. "How did you know? What's in it? Why won't anyone tell me?"
"In due time," dad murmurs, taking the envelope from me and tucking it into the inner pocket of his suit coat. Then he cheerfully turns back to his conversation with my grandpa, waving me off towards the empty seat I see at Jackson's side. I beam at my dad, dropping a kiss on his cheek as I scurry off towards my mate, who I'm desperately pleased to see sitting quietly next to Juniper at the end of the table.
"Let me see!" I hear mom say behind me, and I glance over my shoulder to see her fishing into dad's coat, trying to get the mysterious envelope out.
"Ella!" dad sighs, half exasperated, half loving it as he swats her hand away.
But I grin and turn my eyes back to Jackson as I draw close to my empty seat, beaming as I take in his beautiful blue suit. It was the perfect selection for him - setting off his tanned skin, his dark hair and - of course - his stunning eyes. "Hi," I say, sinking into my chair, beaming at him. Jackson immediately wraps an arm around my waist, pulling me closer and pressing a kiss to my cheek, wanting me near.
"Took you long enough," Juniper murmurs, dry, looking at me with a lazily raised eyebrow as she pushes her dinner around on her plate. "Jackson and I had to endure all of this without you and you know we like to use you as a shield."
"A shield?" I ask, surprised, laughing already.
"Yes," she says on a sigh. "A tiny, perky blonde shield, drawing all the attention away from normal people like us. You have no idea what we've had to put up with without you." Jackson nods at me sagely like this is all very true. "People asking about our day. Our opinions on things. It's...terrible."
"Oh god," I say, laughing and rolling my eyes at both of them as one of the chefs brings me a plate. I thank him and then turn my eyes back to Team Taciturn. "You two," I say, picking up my fork and waving it between them, "are the true match of the evening. Doom and Gloom, ladies and gentlemen - finding a way to turn familial love and interest into the greatest burden anyone can bear."
"It is," Junie groans, even as she grins and turns back to her plate.
Jackson just leans close, taking a deep sniff of my hair. "Missed you. Glad you're back."
I smile and press myself warm to his side as I start to eat, losing myself to the evening of family warmth and joy.
Midwinter eve, as is traditional, goes very late, all of us staying up to greet the holiday at midnight and to light the ceremonial fire that will burn for twenty-four hours to keep the darkness at bay. In the meantime, though - while we wait for the proper time - there is a great deal of drinking, and laughter, and games to be had.
The kids, I know, have the most fun, all of Jesse's siblings running screeching around the room chasing each other, playing, laughing. Jesse's behind it all, I know, whispering secret missions in his siblings' ears - telling Chase to try to slip salt into Rafe's whiskey, promising him a present if he can do it without getting caught. Urging Rosie to see how many times she can call Mark "Mork" before he completely flips out.
###Chapter 0411
Only twelve times, apparently, much to Rosie and Jesse's glee.
Mom, Dad, Cora and Roger stay in their own tight knit little group tonight, I think reminiscing about old times - one of their favorite hobbies - while grandpa Henry and the rest of the boys sit around the couch, joking and laughing about the usual boy stuff - sports, and fighting, and daring trials of masculinity or whatever. Jesse breaks away every few minutes to send the kids on another mission, or to tackle them, or to lift one up on his shoulders and spin them around. I grin, watching him, loving how good of a brother he is.
Seraphina, to my delight, chooses to sit on my lap, over in the quiet corner where I'm sitting with Jackson and Juniper. Junie's reading a book - a nice, thick fantasy romance, I see, her favorite - but Jackson and I are just sitting quietly.
We were chatting quietly until Seraphina came over. But the minute she sank down in my lap Jackson fell a bit quiet, looking at my tiny cousin askance like he's a deer that's ready to run from the greatest predator of all time.
When I notice the tension in Jackson's body, I burst out laughing.
"What?" Sera asks, looking up at me with that mixture of joy, curiosity, and anger that only a four-year-old can manage. "What's so funny?"
"I don't know, Fifs!" I say, pointing at Jackson with my thumb. "You'll have to ask Jacks."
"Oh god," he groans, covering his face with his hand. "Please - don't draw its attention to me -"
"It!?" I gasp, cackling with laughter. Even Juniper looks up from her book, smirking.
"You tell me what's so funny, big boy!" Seraphina demands, turning in my lap to face Jackson and giving him a big shove on his shoulder.
Juniper starts laughing too as my laughter deepens.
"Nothing's funny... Ser..fif...god, what's her name again?" Jackson looks desperately between Juniper and me. "Your family has so many nicknames for everyone - I can't keep anything straight."
"SeraPHINA Liliana Sinclair!" my tiny cousin insists, glaring at my mate. "What is so funny!?"
"Nothing, I promise! Nothing's funny!" Jackson insists, leaning away from her tiny rage with his hands up. "Nothing's ever been funny, I'm sorry!"
I cuddle Sera close to me, laughing and smiling down at her. "Go easy on him, Fifs, he's scared of little girls. He's never met one!"
She looks up at me, shocked, and then over at Jackson like she can't believe it at all. "He's never met a little girl? Why?"
"Because," I sigh, shaking my head as I look pityingly at Jacks. "He's just been very, very unlucky not to have crossed paths with one before."
Seraphina studies me and then Jackson for a long moment before she kneels on my lap and reaches out her hand, patting Jackson gently on the shoulder and giving him her best wide grin - which, I have to admit, is a little terrifying. "Don't be scared, big boy," Seraphina says, working hard to be gentle. "I will be nice to you."
Jackson thanks her very politely and she nods, climbing off of my lap and scurrying away.
"What is with you, Jacks?" Juniper asks, and we both turn to see her smirking at Jackson, a little delighted. "You're so weird."
"She's just so little," Jackson says, laughing at himself, spreading his hands out before him like it's obvious. "I have...no idea what she's thinking, or what she wants. And I feel like I'm always at risk of accidentally crushing her or something, which would make everyone here really mad-"
I burst out laughing at this, nodding at the understatement of the year, as Junie gives him a big grin before seeming to turn back to her book.
"Who knew," Juniper sighs. "That the one thing that strikes true fear into one of the world's strongest Alphas..."
"Was just a little girl," I finish, sighing too and shifting so I can climb comfortably into Jackson's lap, my favorite spot. He immediately closes his arms in a circle around me, holding me close. "Perhaps this is the military secret that Moon Valley needs to capitalize on to defeat the Atalaxians. How can we incorporate Seraphina's terrifying girl energy into our military strategy?"
"I think we already have," Jackson murmurs, sighing and giving me a kiss on the cheek as he tightens his arms around me, drawing me even closer.
###Chapter 0412
At midnight, we all stand around while I light the fire with great ceremony, and there are a good number of Ooohs and Ahhhs that go around the room - mostly from the kids, but also Jesse - even though it is a small, unremarkable fire - especially after the bonfire I saw this evening. As soon as it's lit, though, people begin to turn in - hugging and kissing their loved ones before heading off to their respective rooms. Even Jesse's family will stay here tonight - there's no point in going home when we'll all be together again for breakfast. Jackson frowns at me a little, though, when I stay in place.
"What," he asks, giving me a nudge with his elbow. "No bed for you?"
"Nah," I say, smiling at him and tilting my head towards the fire. "Ceremonial duties, after all. Has to keep burning. I'll sleep here," I say, lifting my chin towards the hearth. "I do it every year. Quite cozy and warm." "None of us make her do this," my mom says, coming over and giving me a kiss on the cheek as she presses some pillows and blankets into my arms. "Her own insanity and superstition is all that keeps it going."
Jackson laughs but just nods, buying into it, letting me have my little tradition. But when the final door shuts, my last family member disappearing behind it, he's still here.
"What," I say, spreading my blankets out in front of the fire. "Your beds not calling you tonight?"
And I have to admit, I'm not really surprised when he grabs another pillow off the couch and comes to sit with me on the hard stone of the hearth. "Like I said, trouble," he murmurs, smirking at me in the firelight. "Where you sleep, I sleep. So if you're in front of the fire? So am I." I grin and lean forward to kiss my mate, tugging off his suit jacket and letting him lay me out in front of the flames.
I wake up a few hours later in the very early light of dawn, blinking and sniffing. Groggy, I turn my head towards the fire and scowl when I see that it's smoldering low-that it hasn't quite gone out, but it's well on its way to doing that.
Sighing, I start to press myself up from my very cozy spot sprawled out over Jackson's chest, frowning with dismay when I realize that I drooled a bit on the black t-shirt he changed into to sleep in, but I go very, very still when I notice something...quite strange. Jackson is sleeping flat on his back, as he always does, with one arm curved up over me. But his other arm, to my shock, is not flung out to the side as usual -
It is, instead, curled around a little tiny girl. I burst into a surprised and delighted grin when I realize that it's Seraphina - that she snuck in here and is now dead asleep, snuggled up to Jackson's side.
I mean, as one of the eldest cousins in a batch of ten kids, I'm no stranger to the kinds of sneaking from room to room that kids do at sleepover events. But this!? It's one for the books.
I go absolutely still as I look between the two of them, not wanting to wake either of them, because it's so cute - the gigantic terrifying Alpha next to the tiny little baby girl.
But Jackson, as he always does, senses somehow that I'm awake. His eyes flutter open.
"Jackson," I whisper, my voice almost shaking with glee, "did you know about this?"
"Hmm?" he says, frowning at me, and then he looks down to where his arm is curled protectively around Sera. "Oh, yeah," he says, laughing a little. "You mean our midnight wraith? She who creeps in and stares at me until I wake up, scaring the crap out of me in the middle of the night? Honestly, I don't know how you slept through it, Ari."
###Chapter 0413
I laugh lightly at his description, and he grins, beginning to slowly stroke my back.
at his arm, still protecting the little girl.
"Yeah, she came in about three hours ago," he says with a sigh, glancing down at her. "She shushed me, and told me not to wake you, and then just...laid down and went to sleep. I... didn't want her to roll over and get burned or anything, so..." he shrugs and nods down "You are so cute," I whisper, my eyes shining.
He frowns. "Why is that cute? It's...practical."
But I just laugh, and tuck my head down against his chest, and press a kiss there.
Seraphina gives a little mew and a yawn, stretching out and then lifting her head to frown at us. "Is it breakfast?" she asks, rubbing at her eye and speaking in a whisper like we are.
"No, Fifi, it's very early," I whisper, reaching out to drift a hand over her soft honey-brown hair. "Why are you here?"
"Because," she murmurs, blinking the sleep away and pointing at Jacks. "I said I'd be nice to him. He is my big puppy dog and I have to take care of him."
I laugh, delighted, and snuggle closer to Jacks. He growls vaguely, clearly not as charmed by this description as I am.
"Why are we up?" Sera asks, yawning. "If it's not breakfast time?"
"I just woke up because the fire is going out," I reply, nodding towards it. "I have to get it going again."
Sera nods at me very seriously like she hears this sort of thing all the time. But then she turns her head to the side. "Well, maybe we can have a treat," she whispers, nodding wisely. "Before breakfast."
I laugh at her and nod, leaning close and whispering like it's a great secret. "Why don't you show Jackson where Aunt Ella keeps the snacks? He's tall enough to reach."
"Wait, why am I involved in this -" Jackson murmurs, going stiff with anxiety. But Seraphina and I ignore his protest and she grins at me, grabbing Jackson's hand as I slide off of him and tugging him hard towards the cabinet above the bar, where mom keeps all the best treats.
Jackson groans, sending me a terrified look over his shoulder, but he bends down so as not to take his hand from Sera's and follows the tiny duchess, ready to do her bidding.
I grin, shaking my head at my mate as I start to restack logs in the fire, yawning as I set them up on top of each other in the smoking embers, making a vague pyramid shape. Jacks and Seraphina come back over a few minutes later, their arms filled with treats, and they settle down next to me, Seraphina bosses Jacks, telling him which snack packages to open and how to lay them out on the blanket. Jackson does everything she says without complaint, opening way too much food. But I just smile and don't stop them, letting them have their fun. It's Midwinter, after all.
When I reach for the matches, though, Jackson reaches out a hand to stop me.
"What are you doing?" he asks, frowning. Sera, leaning against Jackson and stuffing gummy candies in her mouth, frowns too, instantly taking his side.
I narrow my eyes at my mate. "Jackson," I murmur, "Of all the things that I thought would need explanation today... the connection between matches and a live flame is not something I thought would crop up."
He smirks at me, and Sera looks up at him and then mimics his expression, smirking too. "Ariel, you're a goddess-blessed sorceress who can melt glass just by staring at it. And you don't think you can start a fire without matches?"
###Chapter 0414
My jaw drops open and I huff a disbelieving little laugh. "Jackson, I can't make flames."
"The flashpoint of wood is far lower than the temperature at which glass melts, Clark," Jackson replies, raising an eyebrow at me.
I narrow my eyes at my mate, not liking this smug new attitude. Or that he's right.
"What...what's happening?" Seraphina whispers, looking at me and then up at Jacks.
"Ariel is going to do magic," Jackson whispers back, ducking his head low in pretend secrecy. "Want to see?"
"Yah!" Sera exclaims, still in a whisper, looking at me eagerly.
I just sigh, and roll my eyes, and flop my hand out towards my mate, wanting to hold his. But all my bravado just covers up my anxiety. I mean...can I really do that? Jackson, all confidence, slides his hand into mine. And then I concentrate, breathing out slowly, working to fall into a meditative state like mom does when she accesses her gift.
And I think I hit it - though I don't know how I know - my eyes going half distant and half focused as I stare at the wood. I concentrate on it, breathing in the smoky, crisp, deliciously charred smell of the fire. And then I pull on something deep inside myself, exhaling long and slow. I'm concentrating so hard that I barely notice as a long stream of smoke begins to drift upwards from the log on which I'm concentrating.
Jackson's hand tightens on mine, excited -
And then all of a sudden - flame.
I gasp as the little red blaze sparks to life, and then I laugh, turning to Jackson, delighted. He laughs too, staring at me in awe, thrilled, as Seraphina throws her arms up with a big whoop. I shriek and throw myself into Jackson's arms, grabbing Sera into my own, gibbering nonsense in my excitement about how cool that was and how amazed I am and how now I'm going to set everything on fire all the time -
Jackson laughs with me and I can feel down the bond that he's as excited, thrilled, and fascinated as I am. "Little fire goddess," he murmurs, raising a hand to cup my cheek. And then he shakes his head like he can't believe I'm real and leans in for a kiss. I laugh, even as I kiss him back - probably a little too passionately, forgetting completely that my little cousin is there.
But she reminds us, of course.
"Ariii," she whines, smacking me hard on the arm with her little palms. "Let me go, let's do it again! What else can you melt!?"
I break away from Jackson, beaming at him before turning back to the smallest Sinclair. "I don't know, baby," I say, giggling in my excitement. "Let's find out! Where's all that chocolate you brought over?"
"There's my baby!" Cora calls about an hour later, coming into the living room a little swifter than she normally would. Which is normal, I suppose, when your youngest child disappeared from your room and could be wandering anywhere in the palace. "Mama!" Sera calls, dashing towards her mom, her hands and her pajamas covered in streaks of melted chocolate.
"Whoa, baby!" Roger calls, coming in after Cora but moving fast to step in front of his wife, crouching and holding out a hand towards his youngest child. "What did we say about touching adults when our hands are sticky and disgusting?"
"We said do it!" she shouts, laughing like a little demon and running right for him, her hands stretched out.
"Defiance!" Roger growls playfully, snatching his baby girl around the waist and flipping her upside down. Jackson flinches a little at how loud Seraphina shrieks, looking at me with a worried glance. But then he settles, accepting it as an apparently normal part of child rearing when he sees me simply laugh and lick some melted chocolate off my finger.
"Clean that thing up," Cora says to Roger, waving at her daughter as she continues on her path towards Jackson and me, her cream-colored nightgown and robe floating around her rather majestically. Roger gives Cora a salute, tossing Seraphina over his shoulder as he heads out of the room to take her to clean up and get changed.
"Did she come in here and bother you?" Cora asks, hands on her hips, peering down and our scattered morning snacks with curiosity.
"No bother," I say, grinning up at my aunt. "She's so cute. Plus, it's always fun to see Jackson terrified."
"I'm not terrified," he protests, appalled, but Cora laughs and just pats him on the head.
"Seraphina's little puppy," she coos.
"This puppy thing is not sticking," Jackson grumbles, brushing Cora's hand away and making her laugh harder.
"Is it time!?" Mom asks, peeking her head out from her bedroom suite. "Is it Midwinter!? Can I come out!?"
###Chapter 0415
"Yes, come out!" I call, the fire blazing cheerfully behind me.
Mom dashes into the room, coming over and giving us all Midwinter hugs and kisses as my dad, wearing pajamas for the one day a year when he actually lets anyone see him pajamas, comes out behind her. "I held her back as long as I could," he murmurs, sleepy. "You're worse than the kids, Ella." "We just have lazy children and nieces and nephews," mom says. "But, I have a feeling that they'll start coming in now that they hear that we're up."
Mom's words are almost prophetic and the quickly room begins to fill both with people and noise. Everyone's in a good mood, of course, ready with kisses and hugs and Midwinter greetings. Mom bustles around, putting on soft holiday music, sending Rafe and Jesse down to the kitchens to collect the plates of prepared foods that the chefs have left for us, setting out stacks and stacks of presents.
Dad and Roger - when he comes back with a fresh and clean Seraphina - settle on the couch, glasses of whiskey already in their hands, shouting greetings to grandpa Henry when he rolls in and settles close to his boys, a blanket spread warm and cozy over his knees. I stay by Jacks, the only place I really want to be, curled up in our blankets by the fire. Jackson wraps an arm around me and sits quietly, observing it all with fascination as the holiday gets started in full swing. Everyone eats - toast and jam, pastries, donuts, coffee - while mom starts to pass out gifts, setting a slow, leisurely place.
I keep half an eye on Jacks as I start on my second donut, a cup of coffee carefully tucked into the blankets next to me. He watches curiously as the presents go around and I grin at the way his eyes go wider and wider when he sees the seemingly never-ending stack of gifts that mom produces from her room. But his mouth pops open with an audible click when she comes over to us with two in her hands-one for me and, to his shock, one for him.
"What?" he whispers, looking up at her, kind of appalled.
"Happy Midwinter, Jackson," mom says, quite softly, pressing the gift into his hand and then dipping down to kiss him on the forehead before walking gracefully away.
Jackson just stares down at the gift, awed. I have to bite my lip, a little undone by the shock and emotion on his face. He looks up at me, just blinking.
"This is for me?" he whispers.
"Mmhmm," I reply, holding back all the things I want to say and just...letting him have this moment.
Jackson slowly turns back to the gift, holding it reverently in his hands.
I let him take him take his time with his and open my present, cooing with delight when I see the set of three little silver bracelets that my mom picked out for me - each engraved with the initials of one of my siblings. I love it, instantly, and call my joy and appreciation over to her. Mom just winks and blows me a kiss.
But I frown when I look over at Jackson and see that his present is still just sitting in his hands, fully intact.
"Unwrap it," I urge, nudging him with my elbow and smiling.
"I don't want to," he murmurs. "It's...so good, just like this."
"Well, it's one of like, forty Jacks," I say with a little laugh. "And she's going to get mad if you don't open any of them."
He whips his head towards me, his eyes wide again. "Forty!?"
"Forty-one," I say, closing one eye and holding up a finger. "If you count mine."
"Forty-two," Rafe says, coming over and tossing something into Jackson's lap that makes him jump. "Happy midwinter, puppy."
Jackson groans, even as he laughs, putting his head in his hands. "I didn't know about this!" he protests. "I didn't get anyone anything!"
I laugh, reaching out a hand to rub his back. "No one expected you to, Jackson! It's more fun this way. You're like...a little baby. First Midwinter. It's fun for us."
He raises his head, meeting my eyes with surprise, and then looks around the room where everyone is, indeed, watching him with a bit of glee. He groans again and buries his head again in his hands, I think completely overwhelmed.
I laugh and throw my arms around his shoulders, hugging him tight. "It's Midwinter, Jacks! It's family. We love you, let us show it."
But he just keeps his head tucked down for a second, his shoulders shaking a bit, and I let him have his time.
###Chapter 0416
When mom tries to come over with more presents, I give her a little frown and shake my head, mouthing "give us a minute." When she sees my reason why I think it takes mom every bit of strength she's got to not come rushing to Jackson's side and fuss over him. But, knowing that would be too much, she moves away to fuss over someone else.
After about a minute, Jackson raises his head and nods solidly. "Okay," he says, his voice steely like a soldier about to go on a mission. "Where do I start?"
"Right there at the corner," I say, pointing to where the paper is loose. "Just...rip away, McClintock. Really show it what you're made of."
Jacks nods seriously and then does as I say, ripping into his gifts. After a joyful couple of hours of mom going around delivering more and more gifts to every single member of her family, and then Cora doing the same, and then Grandpa, Jackson and I sit cozy by the fire absolutely surrounded by our loot.
It's mostly clothes, of course - mom can't resist - but Jackson also got a gym bag from Rafe, a very fancy set of water bottles from Jesse, a stack of romance novels from Juniper, a set of colored pencils from Mark (though the reason behind that one's a mystery to me). My gift is coming to him later, but the real coup is a stuffed tiger gifted from Seraphina.
"I think that one is regifted," I murmur, noting that my cousin gave it to him crumpled up in already-ripped paper.
"I treasure it all the more," Jackson murmurs, seating the soft stuffed toy by his side with its little face towards the room, like a real pet. And I wonder suddenly if...well, if Jackson's ever had a toy before. And my heart breaks, thinking that Seraphina was the only one who realized that he might want one.
"Stop that," Jackson says when he hears my little squeak of adoring pity, turning towards me with a laugh. He smacks at my hands, clutched to my chest in agony.
"I cannnn't," I groan, pitching myself hard against his side. "You just break my heart sometimes, Jacks! I want to give you everything - let's go to the toy store, you can have whatever you want! You can have all of them!"
"I don't want all of them," he says, giving me a squeeze and then, adorably, reaching out and patting his little tiger on the head. "I have this one, and it's perfect."
I groan again at the unbearable sweetness of my gigantic, terrifying puppy mate, burying my face into his shoulder. He laughs harder and just hugs me closer, pressing a kiss to my hair and then my cheek. "Thank you," he murmurs. "Today is amazing."
I sniff a little, lifting my head with a sigh and relaxing against him. "What are you going to name it?" I ask, glancing down at the fierce little stuffed animal, complete with felt fangs.
"I have to name it?" Jackson asks, hesitating like it's a horrible burden he's not sure he wants.
I grin at him. "Of course. It has a face. It needs a name." I shrug like it's obvious.
He narrows his eyes for a moment, studying it. "Fine. Then I name it... Tiger."
I laugh, my head falling back on my neck. "You're terrible at this, McClintock," I say, delighted anyway, despite my words.
"No, I'm not," he murmurs, taking full advantage of my bared neck and pressing a quick kiss there. "Tiger is perfect. Descriptive, concise."
"Very Jackson logic," I sigh, raising my head and cupping his cheek in my palm. "But you're right. Tiger is perfect."
"If you two are done being horrible," Juniper says, and we both turn to see her standing over us, her arms crossed, her habitual glare in her eyes.
I grin, curling closer to my mate, who doesn't move an inch, just looks curiously up at Junie like he doesn't understand what on earth she's talking about.
"Then it is time to go play the awful traditional sports game," my sister sighs, gesturing towards the door where my family - still in their pajamas - is filtering out, heading for the roof. "Oh, fun!" I shout, getting up to my feet.
"What's this?" Jackson asks, anxiety in his voice at every new turn of midwinter events. "What are we playing?"
"You're playing football," I say, grinning at him as I stoke the fire with a couple of extra logs so it won't go out while we're upstairs. "The girls are just drinking white wine."
###Chapter 0417
"As is our right, as royal ladies," Juniper says, flicking her hair back over her shoulder.
"Not yours," I say, laughing and flicking her nose when I stand up straight. "Underage!"
"Ariel!" Juniper groans, following me as I tug Jackson eagerly towards the door. "Come on! I thought we were finally cool! Just sneak me one glass!"
"I'll think about it," I say casually over my shoulder, grinning at her. "If...you'll agree to be my servant. All. Day."
Juniper groans, but then considers her choices, and nods with a sigh.
The three of us hurry after our family, picking up the tail of the group as we all start up the stairs.
The day moves too quickly after that, ushered along by a great deal of laugher and joy. Jackson, even though he doesn't know the rules of football, is of course instantly good at it and a credit to his team, made up of him, Mark, Chase, and Roger. The game goes on for what feels like a very long time, especially considering the tiny space provided by the little patch of green on our roof and how many Alphas they're trying to squeeze into it, all bashing into each other.
But still, I don't mind. I just sigh and drink the glass of wine that my mom constantly refills. I secretly always pour half of my cup into Juniper's glass as well - and spend the time chatting with my family and just...watching my mate play.
God, but he's just so...good at it. Good at all of it - dodging, throwing, strategy, knowing precisely how hard he's able to tackle Caleb without hurting him. Something about physical activity just comes easy to my mate. Much easier than to me and I think most people.
I smile softly as my eyes follow him, my glass resting against my shoulder as I lean back against the countertop of the little outdoor kitchen. I get lost in it, if I'm being honest, not even paying attention to the conversation of the ladies amidst whom I stand. "Ohhhhh," Cora coos, her voice loud and teasing enough to pull me out of it. I snap my head towards her, curious, and then blush when I see that they're all looking at me - that I got caught, a bit, in my reverie. "Someone's got it bad!"
"Oh, shut up," I reply, laughing and tossing out a hand to smack my aunt on my shoulder.
"No, I'm jealous," Cora sighs, moving closer to me and leaning against me as my mom stands on her other side, beaming. "I miss that newly in-love feeling. So much fun." Juniper turns towards us too, an unsurprising frown on her face as Rosie, Sera, and Bella play with one of Bella's new toys at our feet. "So?" Mom asks, grinning over at me, eager. "Is that what it is? Are you in love, Ari?"
I blush terribly then, ducking my head and laughing in my embarrassment. Because, I mean, I instantly know that the answer is yes. But I haven't even said that to Jacks yet - not out loud - and shouldn't I?
And, honestly, I'm not sure that I feel comfortable confessing my feelings to one of my mates with my family without discussing the other - because I've fallen hard for Luca too.
But can someone even be in love - really in love with two people at once? Even if they're you're mates?
God, but it's confusing.
Luckily, my little sister comes to my rescue.
"Well, I hope not," Junie says, frowning and turning towards the boys. "Love ruins everything."
"What!?" Mom and Cora shout together, appalled - and even I turn towards Junie with surprise.
"It does!" June says, laughing a little and shaking her head. "You fall in love, and then you get pregnant, and then you pop out a bunch of kids, and then your life is just that, and everything else..." she flicks her fingers in the air all at once, like an explosion. "Poof! Hopes and dreams! Gone!"
"Oh, Junie," mom sighs, smiling over at my little sister indulgently. "It's...not really like that."
"Well, it wasn't for you," June says, turning to mom with her eyebrows lifted. "Your hopes and dreams were to have kids and a family and the whole domestic bliss thing. That's what you wanted!"
"Well, what's yours, sugar?" Cora asks, reaching behind me to stroke a warm hand over Juniper's long black hair. "What is it that you want?"
###Chapter 0418
"I don't know yet," Juniper murmurs, her eyes going distant as she stares off into space. "But...something big. I want to do all of it. I want...I want to do everything, feel everything. See...the whole world."
Cora lets her hand drift away from Juniper and both she and my mom look at my little sister with a great deal of soft love in their eyes. But they let Junie have her space, turning away with each other to open another bottle of wine.
When they're gone, I step closer to Junie, slipping an arm around her waist and pouring more of my wine in her cup. "Don't write off mates so fast, June," I murmur. She turns to me with a frown, combative. But as usual, it just makes me grin. "You know, the goddess wouldn't give you a mate that wasn't suited to your hopes and your dreams, your fate. If you want a big life, your mate will too."
Junie just leans her weight on me and sighs, shaking her head as she takes a sip of the wine and turning back to the boys. "These Alphas," she murmurs. "They just seem to...steamroll their mates into whatever life it is they want. Like, mom was never going to be a Queen until she met dad. And Cora's not a doctor anymore - not really. She's just a mom."
"Cora and mom do a lot of work healing people in the community, and they're both very happy with the work they do," I murmur, needing to point that out and trying to strike a balance between the truth and letting my sister make her point. "But...I mean, Jackson doesn't steamroll me. Not yet."
"He's known he's your mate for like, a week," Juniper points out, dry, glancing at me. "Give him a minute."
I burst out laughing, tightening my arm around her. "Well, if he does, then I'll have my little Junepiper come and beat him up."
Juniper smirks at the old nickname - what Mark used to call her when he stumbled over his words a lot as a kid. But she still sighs, and shakes her head, looking at me out of the corner of her eye. "And what about the other one?" she asks. "Luca?" I ask, a little surprised.
Juniper nods, looking at me fully now.
I sigh, and shrug. "I'm figuring it out, Junie," I say softly. "Day by day. But, I will say that I wouldn't give either of them up if it meant the opportunity of a different life. Besides..." I frown at my sister for a second, looking her up and down. "Do you even...have a mate?" She sighs like it is a deep and real tragedy, tilting her head back to look at the darkening sky. "Yeah. I made Cora tell me like, a year ago. I have one - she saw it in my baptism prophecy."
"Oh, really?" I ask, bursting into a smile, so incredibly excited for my little sister but also trying to hold my enthusiasm back if it's something she's worried about. "Are you sure?"
Junie frowns at me. "Yes, I'm sure," she replies. "Cora told me, she wouldn't lie."
"Yeah," I say, a little wicked now as I wrinkle my nose at her. "She told you that you have a mate but...did she tell you if it was just one?"
Juniper's face suddenly drops in horror and she looks, frantic, between me and our aunt. "CORA!" She shouts, her voice lit with panic as she scurries over to where Cora is standing with my mom, both of them looking shocked at Juniper's outburst. "I need some clarifications! NOW!"
The football game ends right about the time, about half an hour later, Cora finishes assuring Juniper for the eighteenth time that she only has one mate. Or, at least, as far as Cora could see. Juniper groaned and dashed off to Roger, the only other person to see her prophecy, intent on a second opinion the moment the game broke up.
"We won," Jackson says, coming over and slinging an arm around my shoulders, looking quite smug about it.
"Of course you did," I say with pride and utter assurance as I run a hand over his sweaty hair and hand him my glass of wine so he can take a sip. "How could they lose with you on the team?"
"It's unfair," Rafe complains, stalking over to us with a frown, Jesse scowling at his side. "We didn't pick Jackson because he didn't know how to play - we didn't think he would be good -"
###Chapter 0419
"Never bet against me, Sinclair," Jackson says with a sigh, flashing my brother a beautiful grin.
"Yeah well, next year," Rafe grumbles, narrowing his eyes. I laugh, pleased to see my brother have to deal with losing - it's not something that happens often to him. "You're on my team. Jesse, you're out."
Jesse squawks with injured pride, taking a step back and pressing a hand to his chest. "This is war, cousin," he says, quite seriously, before flashing his eyes to Jackson. "Jacks you're on my team next year - we're best friends, after all -"
A great deal of laughter goes around, the debate continuing as we all troop back downstairs and cobble together what we can for dinner. This is always my favorite part of Midwinter, if I'm being honest - the fact that every year mom freaks out about not having enough food prepared even though, of course, the chefs leave us more than enough and we've never gone hungry.
And so she has the boys continually going down to the kitchen for tray after tray of food, and cheese, and cookies, and cakes, and ice cream - so much that by the end of the evening we're all completely stuffed with little tiny portions of snacks and food, and there's a huge stack of plates in the corner, and everyone's lazy and full and ready to digest.
But of course, Roger lets no one rest. Instead, he and Jesse rouse everyone to laughter as the hours pass, organizing games and pouring drinks and keeping the mood light and fun. By the end, we're all a little drunk - or more than a little - and that's when the music comes out. Mom moans and begs Juniper to play the piano, and Juniper pretends to resist until mom's practically on her knees, and then Junie sighs, and stands, and flumps down on the seat of the piano hidden away in the corner and begins to play an incredibly complex concerto.
Jackson's eyes go wide with shock the moment he hears her start to play. He watches Juniper's hands fly over the keys and I grin, turning my face to watch him instead of Juniper.
"How does she...do that..." he whispers, fascinated, his words a little slurred. Jesse and Roger have been targeting Jackson in particular tonight with their refills, determined to get him to come out of his shell a bit.
"Junie's been a concert-level pianist since she was a kid," I whisper to him, letting my full pride in my sister's ability be heard in my voice. "But don't tell anyone - she'd rather die than let anyone outside this room know. She thinks that talent isn't very cool." Jackson just glances at me, agape, before turning his eyes back to June.
"No, no!" Cora says, giving Juniper an angry little tap on her shoulder. "Don't play that - you know what we want!"
Juniper stops mid-chord and turns a wicked grin up at our aunt. "You mean, you want...this?" And she bursts immediately into the rock-and-roll riff of an oldies song we all know and love, about a too-talented man playing piano in a bar for a group of people with big dreams. Markie lets out a big whoop and bursts into the chorus. We all join in a second later.
Jackson stares around at everyone in a little bit of shock, but I wind my arm around his waist and pull him close, and he just laughs and gives into it, shaking his head and attempting to join in when he can. With the way his voice croaks as he tries to find the notes, I actually wonder if Jackson's ever tried singing before.
But no one says anything, or makes note of his slightly off-key mostly wordless contributions to the songs. Because he's family now, and he's here, and whatever he adds is the perfect addition to our little chorus.
And even though the future weighs hard on each of us, we take a moment to set our fears and our worries aside. And so we sing, and laugh, and drink - all of us, together, for the rest of the night, appreciating this perfect moment for precisely what it is.
###Chapter 0420
Around midnight, the family starts to fade.
"Actually," Rafe murmurs at my side, looking around the room as mom and dad herd a sleepy Mark off to his bedroom, Juniper following close behind, and Roger and Cora bid their farewells to their oldest son, who is staying overnight here so that he can go to school with
the rest of us in the morning. "This might...be the perfect time..."
"What?" I ask, frowning up at my older brother, Jackson slumping slightly on my other side, I think already half asleep. I laugh a little as Jacks rests his weight against me, because if he thinks I'm going to be able to hold his weight then he is sincerely overestimating my strength.
"Hey, Jacks," Rafe says, giving Jackson a nudge on the shoulder as Jesse kisses his mom and gives his dad a big hug before the pair march out with their ducklings in tow. "Do you think I could... steal Ariel for a bit? Just for a few minutes?"
Jackson growls a little, low in his throat, his arm slipping around my waist as he lifts his head to glare at my brother.
I burst out laughing at this, giving him a smack on his chest. "Jackson!"
"My mate," Jackson murmurs, sleepy and half drunk. "You...can't borrow her. She's mine."
"My sister first," Rafe laughs, I think as tickled as I am to see the ever-controlled Jackson in this state. Rafe raises an eyebrow to me as Jesse comes to stand with us. "Do you think he can get to his rooms by himself, Ari?"
"Yes, he's very capable," I say, grinning up at Jackson, who nods at me with assurance.
"Ohhh, are we doing secret cousin stuff?" Jesse asks, grinning around at the three of us and figuring out what's happening lightning-fast, as he always does.
"Just for a minute," Rafe says as I stand on my tiptoes and whisper to Jackson that I'll meet him in his room shortly, and not to open the present that's waiting there. Jacks gives me a swift kiss on the cheek and murmurs his assurances that he won't, waving his goodnights over his shoulder as he heads out the door.
"What's going on?" I ask, turning to Rafe, just as eager as Jesse now. Because this - a secret meeting of the three of us on Midwinter? It's entirely unprecedented.
"Come on," Rafe says, grinning at both of us, I think a little abashed. "Lets...go to the roof."
"What?" Jesse gasps, delighted at the secrecy and the mystery. I squeak a little with joy, instantly agreeing, and then the three of us quickly head out of the now-quiet living room and up the stairs, back to the little roof garden, which is still kind of a mess from the day's activities.
Rafe shoots us a grin and heads for the little fridge in the tiny outdoor kitchen. "Don't get excited," he sighs. "I didn't plan anything big." He bends over, grabbing a bottle of champagne out of the back and beginning to unwrap the foil that covers the cork as he stands straight.
I watch in fascination as Jesse gets glasses, likewise baffled and pleased. "What's this all about, Rafe?" Jesse asks, placing three glasses on the counter before he leans against it.
Rafe doesn't answer, instead popping the cork with a satisfyingly loud sound and then beginning to pour three glasses. "Now don't freak out," Rafe says, smirking a little. "But I'm going to get...sentimental." Immediately, I freak out.
"Rafe!" I gasp, clasping my hands beneath my chin, my eyes already welling with tears. "What - why are you getting sentimental!? What's happening!?"
"Oh my god, Ariel," Rafe laughs, grinning, tilting his head back like he can't believe it, or should have expected this, or both. Jesse laughs too and just wraps a warm arm around my shoulder as Rafe sighs, tilts his head back up and begins to hand us each a glass of champagne.
I give a little squeak of anxiety low in my throat, looking at my brother and my cousin with wide eyes as Rafe sighs and raises his glass. Jesse and I instantly raise ours, clinking them together, willing to play along even if we have no idea what's happening. That's always been our vibe, after all - the three of us, always in it together, no questions asked.
"Seriously, Rafe," Jesse says, a little smile on his lips as he sips his champagne. "You've always been the stoic one, out of the three of us. If you keep mixing up our roles we won't know what to do next."
"You just keep cracking jokes, Jess," Rafe says, smirking at our cousin and slipping his free hand into his pocket. "Keep us steady."
###Chapter 0421
Jesse nods once, agreeing to it, and I make the squeaking noise again, needing to know what's going on.
Rafe laughs and squares his shoulders, nodding to me and getting started. "Look, it's not a big deal, I just...I wanted to take a minute with the two of you alone. Because...because you two mean a lot to me."
My little wolf howls in my heart, bursting with pride and love for my brother and my cousin. But I do my very, very best to keep quiet, even as tears start to well on my lower lashes, threatening to fall.
"I just..." Rafe sighs, hanging his head for a second and collecting his thoughts. "It's always been the three of us, hasn't it? Growing up...I know I was first, but I can't even remember a time when I didn't have the two of you by my side, when you weren't my best friends. And Ariel, I'm so glad you didn't marry that asshole and came to school with us instead." He flashes me a big smile now, and Jesse follows suit, tightening his arm around me as he does.
And I can't help it - it's all too much. The tears start to spill down my cheeks.
Rafe grins at me, pushing forward, because he knows he only has so much time before I burst into sobs. "It wouldn't have been the same without you, Clark," Rafe says with a smirk. "And I think...I think it was meant to be - you there, with us, like you've always been. We were always meant to be together. But...we're growing up now. Aren't we?"
Rafe's smile falls a bit, and my mouth trembles into a frown. Even Jesse looks serious all of a sudden, which is a feat unto itself.
"And things are...changing," Rafe says, looking between us, heaving a sigh. "We're going to...grow up, and meet our mates - if we have them -" he glances at Jesse here, whose mate-status hasn't been confirmed, "and...follow our own paths. We won't be together every day - not forever."
I sniff, my free hand pressing again to my chest as more tears slip down my face. Because Rafe's right, and it's breaking my heart to think of it.
"None of that's bad, though," Jesse says, and my head spins when I hear his voice is tight. Because, god, if Jesse cries I'm going to completely lose it.
"I know," Rafe says quickly, nodding his agreement. "I just..." he raises his glass again, toasting us. "I wanted to take a moment, while we have it, to say... what an honor it's been spending my life with you two at my side. You're my best friends and...I love you. We're really lucky."
Rafe hangs his head and quickly brushes his hands across his cheeks and I give a little cry, pitching forward and wrapping my arms around him. I spill my champagne but who cares -
"Ari," Rafe laughs, wrapping his arms around me in return. "We don't need to get maudlin about it."
"Yes, we do!" I moan, overwhelmed and miserable. And then I turn back to Jesse, desperate to have him close, and open up my arm. He laughs and joins our hug, all of us wrapping our arms around each other, and even Jesse's eyes are wet now. "Look, why don't we make a pact?" Jesse says, quiet and eager. "No matter what happens in our lives - no matter how they change, and how many mates or children come and try to disrupt -"
I laugh at this, shaking my head, wondering that he can even think that far ahead with war on the horizon. But I don't bring it up - because I don't need to. I know we're all thinking it.
"Let's always meet, on Midwinter night, at midnight," Jesse continues, smiling at us, "always find space to have a secret toast. Just like this, just the three of us, like we're doing right now."
"That's a great idea, Jess," Rafe says, smiling softly at him. And then he drops his arms from around us and raises his glass in the center of our circle. "Midwinter at midnight, just us three. Every year." "It's a deal," I sniff, raising my glass too. Jesse is last, clinking his glass against ours.
And then we all drink deep and take a moment to laugh together under the light of the midwinter moon, warmed by the idea that every year - no matter what - we'll return to do the same.
###Chapter 0422
We don't stay long on the roof - we don't need to. After all, tomorrow night we'll be together again, all sleeping in the same room at the Academy. There may be other nights, in the future, where we greet the dawn after our midnight toast - needing to talk for hours, to catch up, to laugh, to cry.
But tonight isn't one of them. And I'm smiling, warm and pleased, when I press the door to Jackson's room open and slip inside.
I burst into a smile when I see that he's dozing against his pillows, Tiger seated neatly at his side, his wrapped present from me still sitting on the bed in front of him. Because even if he fell asleep doing it, I can tell he's waiting for me.
Softly, I climb up onto the bed, and he's awake before I can even move Tiger gently to a place of honor on top of the headboard so that I can take his place at Jackson's side. Jackson inhales a deep breath that turns readily into a purring little growl of pleasure when he sees that it's me, and he wraps me up tight in his arms, nuzzling his face warm against my neck.
"All okay?" Jackson murmurs.
"Yeah, everything's perfect," I whisper, wrapping my arms around his neck and kissing his cheek, his shoulder.
Jackson pulls away a bit, sniffing. "You've been crying." A statement, not a question.
I laugh, looking into his face. "You can smell that?"
He just frowns at me, not answering the question, wanting an explanation.
"It's okay," I murmur, cupping his face in my palm. "Happy tears. I just...love them. Jesse and Rafe. So much."
Jackson looks at me for a long moment, his expression softening, and then he nods, accepting the explanation, not needing anymore. And I smile at him, loving that he lets me have my little inconsequential secrets, parts of my life that are just for me.
But right now, I just want to be with him. "Are you ready for this one?" I ask, nodding over to the present on the bed, wrapped in the same gold paper as all the rest of the gifts this morning. I admit I had mom wrap it when I ran out of time yesterday. Jackson frowns, glancing between the gift and me. "You should have told me we were doing presents," he murmurs. "I would have gotten you something."
"Oh yeah?" I ask, quirking my eyebrow. "And what would you have gotten me?"
He just stares at me, completely without an answer or even an idea of what gift he would want to give. "You're right, this was kinder," he says, nodding seriously and making me burst into laughter. "But next year I am getting you two. And they'll be good." "Okay," I murmur, reaching out and nudging the gift closer, really wanting him to open it.
Jackson sighs, I think still feeling guilty that he's getting a gift when I am not, but he pulls the box closer to him and begins to eagerly pull the paper off. When he sees another cheerfully colored gift box inside, he just frowns at me. "Why did you bother to wrap it? It's already in a box."
"Just open it!" I say, laughing, desperately eager for him to see the gift.
A little smile plays at Jackson's lips as he complies, using both hands to lift the lid off the box and then tilting it towards him as he peers inside. And then he goes very still, his mouth popping open a little bit.
I squeal a little with excitement, taking my arms from around his neck and fisting my hands beneath my chin, grinning eagerly at my mate. "Do you like it?"
"Ariel," he murmurs, reaching into the box and letting his fingers trace over the dozens of boxes of DVD's - dozens of television shows, all full runs. "This is amazing."
I squeak again with excitement, watching eagerly as he reaches in and lifts out the one thing that I thought might be confusing to him - a very clunky device that lots sort of like a laptop but...not.
"What...is this..." he murmurs, opening it and staring at the screen, trying to figure it out.
"Um, it's a TV?" I say quietly, reaching out to tap on the little opening where you can load the DVD's. "Actually, it's a portable DVD player - you can recharge it - I know it's an old technology Jacks - and it wasn't expensive, since no one really uses these anymore, but I figured that since we don't really have TV or streaming services or laptops at the Academy, that you could have this -"
###Chapter 0423
He turns to stare at me, his mouth open a little bit, completely shocked.
I grimace a little at his reaction, not really knowing what to do. "Do you...do you like it?"
"Ariel," he breathes, turning his face reverently back to the device and to the DVD collection. "I...I love it." Then he gasps a little, his eyes lighting on something, and quick as a flash he reaches into the box and pulls out a set of dvds. "How do you work it?" he murmurs, pulling open the case and glancing at between the device and me.
I laugh, and then show him, and he nods eagerly, listening and loading one of the DVD's, starting to press play.
"Jacks," I say, shaking my head and laughing, putting my hand on his arm. "It's late - I can show you all of this in the morning -"
"No," he murmurs, reaching out to put the DVD player flat on the bed as the first episode starts up. "I want... is it okay?" he whispers, looking over at me. "Are you tired? I know it's late, but I want to watch one. With you."
A slow smile stretches across my face as I look at my big tough mate. "It's not too late. That's perfect."
We take a minute to get settled - to put the rest of the DVD's in a safe spot on the floor - though I see Jackson glance at them as he puts them down, clearly desperate to look through them and see what he's got.
But he brings his attention back to me as I settle warm against him. Jackson again wraps his arms around me, and I tug Tiger down to hold in my lap as we focus on the screen, quietly watching the drama unfold.
"That's Raquel," Jackson murmurs, pointing at the screen and telling me information that I already know - that I've known for years, frankly, because we've all seen Besties a thousand times. "She was supposed to get married but...she didn't." "Sounds familiar," I say, my voice dry.
Jackson smirks at me but then turns his attention back to the screen. "And that's Russ," he whispers, like it's a great secret, pointing again when the dark-haired actor comes on the screen. "He's Raquel's mate, but she doesn't know it yet. No one does."
I hum interestedly and settle against Jackson's chest, inhaling a deep and contented breath, thinking about how lucky I am to be perfectly happy for the second time tonight.
But just as I'm sinking into the show, getting lost again into the storyline, Jackson reaches out and presses the pause button.
"Ariel," he says, and I turn my face up to him, confused. I find his steady sapphire eyes looking at me intently as he reaches out and cups my face in his gigantic palm, holding it like a treasure. "This was the most...wonderful day. I could never have imagined it - that it could be so...nice, to just sit around with people. And play, and eat, and talk. Thank you, so much, for letting me have this with you. For sharing your family with me."
"Your family too now, Jackson," I whisper, reaching up and cupping his own face in my much smaller hand. "Forever. We get to do this every year."
"Forever," he murmurs, smiling at me softly, turning the word over in his mouth like he's trying it out for the first time, seeing how it tastes. And then he smiles, like he likes it.
I push myself up a then, bringing my face close to his and pressing a soft kiss to his mouth. And he returns it willingly, almost reverently, but I pull away after a moment and smile, settling back against him.
Because we don't need to push it any further tonight. We have time.
So much time. Forever.
Feeling precisely the same, Jackson reaches out and presses play on the DVD player again, turning the show back on. Quite quiet, quite calm, we watch it together in perfect contentment.
###Chapter 0424
Ella and Sinclair wake up the next morning before their children do, curled in each other's arms as they always are.
"Stop," Sinclair commands, tightening his arms when Ella starts to move, to roll away towards the edge of the bed. "Don't. Stay."
"We have to get them up, Dominic!" Ella protests, laughing, but her body betrays her, going soft and pliable again in her mate's arms. "They have to go to school. And then off to war. And we have meetings."
"They're adults, they can get themselves ready to go off to war," Sinclair murmurs, his eyes determinedly shut as he pulls Ella closer and rests his head against her chest, sighing deeply at the comfort he feels when she's in his arms, when he can smell her scent. "You hold your tongue," Ella sighs, running her fingers through his thick dark hair, only starting to grey at the temples in a way she quite likes. "I get to baby them until they're ninety. That was the deal."
Sinclair grumbles something noncommittal and presses a kiss to her chest, just above the V of her nightgown, and then sighs and lifts his head, opening one eye to peer at her. "We have a meeting?" he asks, groggy after so much Midwinter whiskey. "Yes!" Ella says, beaming at him. "With Hank! You know this! You remember!"
"False," Sinclair sighs, returning his head to her chest. "I remember nothing. Who is Hank."
Ella swats him on the head, laughing, because she knows he's lying and being lazy.
"Why did you even make that meeting?" Sinclair mutters. "Poor Hank. He deserves a holiday too."
"Because," Ella sighs, looking off towards the door as if she can see through it. "I have questions about the North, and he's the only one I trust to ask questions about it right now."
"You mean you have questions about Jackson," Sinclair says, sighing and starting to sit up, taking Ella with him.
"Yes," Ella confesses, nodding and looking her mate deep in his green eyes. "There are things we need to know, Dominic. That boy's background..." she bites her lip and shakes her head, worried. "And I want my questions answered while Jackson's still under our roof, so I can talk to him about it. If I need to."
"Fine," Sinclair says, sighing and closing his eyes even as he straightens his shoulders. He lifts a hand, waving it at himself. "Go ahead, little magical mate. Heal me up from this hangover so we can go to this ridiculously early morning Zoom meeting with my brother's mate's human ex and ask secret question about our daughter's mate's mysterious cult."
Ella laughs but obliges, reaching out and placing her hands on Sinclair's temples, closing her eyes and falling into the lavender light of her magical meditative space.
"You know, this feels like a gross misuse of privilege," she murmurs as the healing begins. "Just because you're a King and my mate doesn't mean you should get off scott-free from drinking too much."
"Yes it does," Sinclair murmurs, his voice rumbling a little with a growl that makes Ella laugh. "Now hurry up, demigoddess, we've got meetings to attend."
"Meeting, mortal. Singular. And then I'm saying goodbye to my first and second born, which will take my full attention."
"And many tears," he murmurs, but the King reaches for his Queen, even though his eyes are closed. He finds her exactly where he knew she'd be, and places his hands warm upon her thighs, letting her know he feels precisely the same. About forty minutes later, the meeting is all set up and the screen flashes once before Hank's image appears.
"Hank!" Ella cries, pressing her hands together with pleasure as she leans forward towards the computer. "It's so good to see you - we miss you here in the capital!"
Hank smiles, warm and genuine, his eyes crinkling into little half-circles of joy. "Your highnesses," he says, dipping into a mocking little half bow that's even more ridiculous because he's seated. "How are you? How was your midwinter?" "Gorgeous, amazing!" Ella replies as Sinclair and Hank give each other warm, stoic nods, fully understanding that their deep friendship doesn't need the kind of exuberance that Ella gives to every aspect of her life. "How are the kids?" "The kids are fine, at each other's throats as usual," Hank murmurs, glancing over his shoulder towards the rest of the house. "We're snowed in, though it's been...a trial, all being boxed up together for more than a week." Sinclair frowns at the idea, leaning closer to the computer, while Ella gasps like it's the most fabulous thing that could ever happen to a family, to be forced into uninterrupted company for so long.
"A week?" Sinclair asks, worried. "That's quite some time - are you low on supplies?"
###Chapter 0425
Hank grimaces. "A little," he says, shrugging. "It's a miracle, honestly, that we even have wifi."
Ella and Sinclair immediately look at each other, unspoken ideas passing to each other down their bond.
"Nope!" Hank says, pointing at the camera on his computer. "Whatever it is you're thinking-stop. We're going to be fine - we do not need help."
Ella sighs and just glares at the screen, thinking Hank knows her a bit too well, but Sinclair just moves on. "We apologize, Hank, for getting you up so early the day after the holiday."
"Yeah, what's up?" Hank asks, his voice deepening with worry as he runs a hand through his fully grey hair. "You two- it's not like you to insist on a meeting like this."
"It's war," Sinclair says seriously. Hank's face pales. "The Atalaxians are pushing their attack - they've promised to destroy us within a month."
"God," Hank breathes, shocked and dismayed. "But, what does that have to do with me? I'm...about as far from the front as I can get up here."
"It doesn't," Ella says with a sigh, glancing at Sinclair, who nods to her, giving her permission to take over. "Hank, we want to talk to you about our daughter's mate."
"Luca Grant?" Hank asks, smirking a little.
Ella laughs, a little delighted. "You follow the gossip columns way up there, boxed in with the snow?"
"I have to admit," Hank says, laughing with a shrug, "my youngest was devastated at the news. I think she had always imagined herself with the Champ - has his poster on her wall and everything."
"Oh, Annabell," Ella says, pressing her hands to her heart and pouting. Sinclair clears his throat, though, urging Ella to get back on task. "But actually, Hank," Ella says, dropping her voice a little. "It's about Ariel's...other mate."
Hank's eyebrows go steadily up as Ella quickly spills out the story of Ariel and Jackson, of Jackson's upbringing in a place called the Community, of his strange lack of knowledge about some basics regarding the world that everyone else they know takes for granted. By the time Ella finishes, Hank is looking at the pair of them with real shock.
"Seriously?" Hank breathes, staring between them. "From the Community? Are you serious?"
"What?" Sinclair snaps, leaning forward with a frown. "Is that bad?"
"Um, I'm not sure it's bad," Hank replies, looking away and running a hand again through his hair. "It's just...that's amazing. I've been trying to get an inside look at the Community for years, Dominic - but they won't let me in. Not at all. I've offered them everything I have - free aid, medical knowledge, funds. But they don't trust humans, and they certainly don't trust someone as close to the crown as I am." "Really," Sinclair says with a frown, looking at Ella with concern.
"Hank, he's a lovey boy," Ella says, drawing Hank's attention back to her. "Do you...I mean, is it something to be worried about? I don't like that they stonewall you out - they're our people, they're entitled to your care."
"Entitled to the crown's care if they want it," Hanks says with a shrug. "But... Ella, it's a cult. A straight cult - with a charismatic leader, and people falling in line beneath him. And not even the kind of cult that falls apart after a few years from too much drugs and weird sex- like, they're very strong, and very dedicated. From what I do know life inside is absolutely brutal - and the children raised within it are...militant, with little to no knowledge of the outside world. And absolutely allegiant to the Community - there's no doubt about that." "What aren't you saying, Hank," Sinclair bites out, harsher than he means to. But Hank ignores it - he's known Sinclair for years and is used to him snapping by now.
"I'm saying that if this is a lovely boy, Ella?" Hank replies, quite serious. "That...he's either a miracle, to have come out that way, or he's...a very good actor."
Ella goes white, staring at the computer screen and then up at Sinclair. "No..." she breathes, shaking her head. "Not...not Jackson."
"Look, Ella, I'm...I'm really not happy with the idea of a Community member in the palace," Hank says, putting out a hand and leaning forward towards his screen. "But they would be thrilled to have someone that close to the royal family. If they could accomplish it, they would. And any information they had...they'd be feeding to the Atalaxians."
"What?" Dominic breathes, staring at the computer in shock.
###Chapter 0426
"You're aware that not all wolf communities were happy with your rise to power twenty years ago, Dominic, when you declared wolves and humans equal citizens in the nation," Hank says, shrugging like it's obvious. Dominic nods, because it's true - and he's well aware.
"Well," Hank continues, "some of the more militant groups are eager to see your rule end and the nation returned to what they understand as more 'traditional' policies with wolves on top and humans down low. And especially a group like The Community, with its views on women's role in society? The Community doesn't have any real power beyond a couple of dozen very fierce warriors, but any information they do have they pass to the Atalaxians. They're traitors, Dominic." Hank's voice falls low here, laced with regret. "There's no way of beating around that bush. The Community is vehemently anti-Sinclair, and it worries the hell out of me that you've got one of them in the Palace spending the holidays with you."
Ella tenses, watching Sinclair clench his jaw and tap his fingers against the table in front of him a few times, clearly thinking.
"That's it, Hank," Sinclair says, snapping his gaze back up to the computer. "We're sending a chopper for you - today, now. I want you here, asking Jackson McClintock some questions. Seeing what he knows." "Dominic!" Hank groans, holding his hand out, palm up, pleading. "Please, I have work to do -"
"You're just sitting snowed into a cabin, Hank," Sinclair snaps, glaring hard at his old friend. "What on earth could you possibly be doing?"
"Paperwork! Planning! Writing reports and essays for medical journals! Processing tests! Writing aid proposals!" Hank takes another breath to continue his list but Ella talks over him.
"Oh, Hank, you know we'll give you all the aid you need!" she says dismissively. "The helicopter will be there in what, four hours?"
"Three," Sinclair says, likewise standing and peering at the screen, brooking no more protests. "Pack up your family, Hank, bring them too - Ella will want a visit and it's better than leaving them starving in the snow." "Dominic!" Hank shouts, half enraged and half dismayed. "Ella!"
"Byeeee, Hank!" Ella coos, reaching for the mouse to end the meeting. "See you soon, can't wait!"
She presses the button and then exhales a long breath, looking up at Sinclair, who looks steadily down at her.
"EI -"
"No, Dominic," Ella says evenly, cutting off his idea before he can even say it.
Sinclair sighs, putting his hands on his hips and looking away.
"Our faith is with Jackson right now," Ella insists, quiet and calm, as she always is in moments like these.
Sinclair sighs again, heavily and nods. "Until he proves otherwise," Sinclair says quietly. "We believe our daughter and her mate. But god damn, I wish the Goddess had given us an easier path than this."
"Had given Jackson an easier path than this," Ella corrects, taking a deep breath. "Because if what Hank is saying is true, Dominic..." she grimaces.
He nods, finishing her sentence. "Then this is far worse for him than we thought."
We're all gathered on the other side of the roof, far away from the rooftop garden, dressed in our Cadet uniforms with our backpacks stuffed with whatever gifts we can fit in them to bring to school. I sigh, anxious, as a helicopter settles down onto the roof top. Jackson, next to me, doesn't squint at all in the wind it makes - just watches in fascination, not even blinking.
"Amazing," he murmurs.
"You're going to get something in your eye in all this wind," I mutter, smacking him on the arm and then reaching up, standing on my tiptoes to shade his eyes. He just smirks at me and swats my hand away. "God, why does our method of transportation have to be so loud?"
Jackson just smirks, glancing at me, before returning his eyes to the machine as its blades start to slow.
"I can't believe you're stealing mom," Juniper growls, stomping over to stand with me and Jackson, giving us a little side glare like we honestly had something to do with it. Rafe, hearing her, comes to stand closer, his arms crossed across his chest.
"What did she say to you, June?" he asks, frowning over at where our mom is giving Mark a kiss goodbye and what can only be a warning to behave himself while she's gone. "She didn't say a word about why she's coming to the Academy with dad today. I don't get it." "She didn't say anything," June groans, being very dramatic and looking more like Mark in this moment than she'd be happy to hear. "She just said she's going for the night to get you guys settled - and that I have to stay with Aunt Cora and the ducklings." Junie shudders, pressing her eyes shut and hugging herself like it's the most horrible fate. "It's so sticky over there."
###Chapter 0427
Jesse laughs, coming over to us, his backpack slung over his back. "Rosie's all ready for you, June," he says, grinning and patting her on the shoulder. "Says she's giving you a makeover."
Juniper groans louder now, tilting her head back and venting her rage to the sky. I can't help but laugh, but I don't miss that Rafe doesn't join in on it.
"What?" I ask, turning to him. "What's wrong with mom coming to school?"
"Something's up," he murmurs with a shrug. "She wasn't planning on it this morning. Something...changed."
"No point in worrying on it," Jackson murmurs passively, turning his eyes from the helicopter to frown at Rafe. "She'll tell you when she wants to, not before."
"I love this attitude," Jesse says with a happy sigh, grinning at my mate. "Your tacit nonchalance in the face of Sinclair chaos is why you fit in so well, buddy."
Jackson huffs a laugh and sends a grin Jesse's way, but down our bond I can feel that Jesse's words touched him quite a bit. Jackson - he's laughing it off like a joke, but he likes very much being told that he fits in with us, I think especially because he feels like such a mismatch.
Juniper whips her head back up at Jesse's words, a wicked grin taking over her face. I turn to her in surprise, wondering what the hell she's got up her sleeve.
"Yeah, well, Jesse's not the only one noticing that you're fitting in." Juniper quips, gleeful. She reaches into the little messenger bag she's got slung over her shoulder.
I lean towards her, taking the bait, desperate to know what's going on. "Wait," I say, frowning, "who else is noticing?"
"The press," Juniper says, whipping a skinny tabloid magazine out of her bag and holding it out for all of us to see. I gasp, grabbing the paper out of her hands, my mouth falling open with shock and a little bit of delight when I see that the cover is pasted with pictures of Jackson - Jackson walking with our group out of the train station, Jackson standing with mom on one of the palace balconies, Jackson helping Jesse and Rafe haul in yule logs from the truck outside, even one of me and Jackson standing close, chatting, laughing with each other. God, when had the press gotten that? And more.
"Oh my god!" I whisper, reverent, staring at them. But I burst out laughing when I read the hot-pink headline emblazoned over the top.
WHO'S THE HUNK!?
"Ohhhh my god!" Jesse gasps, leaning close to me, his face the mirror image of mine. "This is - this is amazing -"
"What is it?" Rafe asks, frowning, trying to get in to see. Jackson likewise peeks.
"No worries!" Juniper quips, thrilled, pulling more copies out of her bag and handing them around. "I have enough chopper reading material for everyone!"
I look worriedly up into Jackson's face as he takes a copy from my sister's hand. He frowns for a moment, but the second he realizes that it's him on the cover he goes pale, his mouth dropping open, and then he blushes scarlet when he, too, reads the headline.
I squeak, unable to help it, and immediately rush for him, wrapping my arms around his waist and looking up into his face, my magazine copy still gasped in my fist.
"What...what is this?" Jackson murmurs, passively folding one arm around me while he stares at the magazine cover.
"Looks like an expose," Rafe says cheerfully, looking up at Jacks with half humor, half worry. "The press got curious about you hanging around with the Royals all Midwinter break."
"And the theories abound," Jesse says, flipping through the magazine with wide eyes. He bursts out laughing, looking at Jacks. "Everything from a new plain-clothes bodyguard to Mark's boyfriend."
"Mark's boyfriend?" Jacks asks, kind of appalled, frowning at Jesse. "He's like...a million years younger than me."
"Plus, straight." Juniper chimes in, still delighted at her revelation.
"Is he?" Rafe asks, curious, looking at our little sister.
"Mark's not-so-secret p**n collection under his bed would suggest so," Junie says with a sigh, like she'd much prefer that he either be gay or that she hadn't stumbled upon that particular collection, making us all burst into laughter.
###Chapter 0428
"Oh, you're making that up, Juniper," I sigh, flicking through the magazine myself now with a happy sigh. "My baby Mark doesn't have a p**n collection - he's just a little baby. Plus, p**n is all on computers these days anyway." June shrugs. "He likes it vintage."
"Are you okay with this?" I ask Jacks, peering up at him as he stares down at the cover of the magazine, I think still a little baffled by it. His blush has faded now and honestly he looks a little pale. Jackson takes a moment and then looks over at me. "I don't know, should I be upset?"
I slowly shake my head. "I wouldn't be, if I were you," I say quietly. "I mean - we're in the public eye, tabloids run stuff like this all the time. If you keep hanging out around us it's bound to happen." Jackson nods slowly, considering it.
"Yeah, don't worry about it Jacks," Juniper says, stepping close and putting a hand on his arm. "Last year they ran a whole issue on whether I was sent to a boarding school to have a secret Atalaxian baby."
He looks over at her in surprise, and then drops his eyes down to her stomach.
Juniper bursts out laughing and smacks him hard on the chest. "I mean, I didn't!"
Jackson blushes again and apologizes, making us all laugh, but we're interrupted when mom and dad come over to the helicopter with us.
"All right," dad says, gesturing towards our mode of transport. "Everybody on. Except you, Junepiper." He gathers her close and gives her a little kiss that she pretends to hate before sending her off, back into the palace and downstairs to catch a ride with Mark to Aunt Cora and Uncle Roger's.
Everyone else starts to move towards the helicopter but I stand very still, shocked. "Wait!" I call.
Everyone turns to look at me, dad with a frown on his face. He looks at me curiously, waiting for an explanation.
"Why...why are we getting in now?" I ask, a little frantic, gesturing back towards the door to the palace. "Luca isn't here yet!"
Rafe grimaces awkwardly and Jesse quickly turns to the helicopter, taking Jackson with him in a clear indication that this is family business. Dad turns to looks at me with pity in his eyes.
"What!?" I breathe, appalled.
"Ari, sweetie," mom says, coming to put her hands on my shoulders, shooting dad a look that clearly reads that she'll handle this. Dad sighs and climbs into the helicopter while Rafe comes to stand with me, offering his silent support.
"Mom!" I protest, shaking her hands off my shoulders. "Luca's not coming!? Is he - what -"
"He's taking the train, baby," mom says, soft and calm, "with all the other cadets."
"Why!?" I exclaim, starting to get mad about it. Livid, if I'm being honest.
"Well, why wouldn't he!?" mom says, throwing her hands out a little. "You're not upset about Ben and Daphne taking the train -"
"They're coming from much further away! Luca is right here in the city! Mom!" I cross my arms and glare at her, seriously angry now. "It would have taken fifteen minutes for Luca to get to the palace - just as long as it's going to take him to get to the train station. He's only not here because you didn't invite him!"
"Fine," mom sighs, crossing her arms and glancing anxiously towards the helicopter. "Your dad is...still mad. About that little act Luca pulled the morning after his boxing match."
"But Luca apologized, a lot! And...gave dad whatever was in that envelope that you won't tell me about!"
"Your father gets over his anger in his own time in his own way, Ariel," mom replies, calm but standing strong in her position. "There's no rushing him, you know that. Luca is doing everything he can to make amends and your father will get over it - he's just not there yet." I narrow my eyes. "Really? You're just going to let dad take the blame for this, when we all know you're the one who makes all of our family's travel arrangements?"
"There were six seats, Ariel," mom says, blinking innocently at me. "What can I say. Chopper was full."
"You're playing favorites," I growl, taking a step forward to glare at my mother.
###Chapter 0429
"I am not!" Mom says with a sigh and a dismissive wave of her hand, clearly done with this argument. "It just made sense. Now if we can please get on our way, beloved daughter?" I scowl and storm away, not looking back over my shoulder, pissed as hell.
Ella moves to follow Ariel, but Rafe reaches out, tugging on her sleeve and making her hang back. Surprised, Ella looks up into Rafe's face.
"You are playing favorites, you know," he says, smirking down at her.
Ella's mouth drops open, appalled, but when Rafe just raises an eyebrow at her she gives up the act, a sly grin shaping her lips.
Rafe laughs and shakes his head as the two of them start off towards the helicopter. "You're not being fair, mom. You always play favorites."
"A game from which you benefit deeply, my little meatball," Ella says, wrapping an arm around her eldest son's waist and pulling him close to her side.
Rafe slows his steps. "So, you really like Jackson better?" he asks quietly, glancing towards the helicopter where Ariel sits curled at Jackson's side, fastening her seatbelt.
"Oh, come on," Ella says, dry, and Rafe looks down into his mother's beautiful face. "You want me to choose between the guy who made millions publicizing the fact that he's mated to my daughter and the guy who carried her for hours across a battlefield and then sobbed for thirty minutes straight while I worked to heal her?"
Rafe bursts into a smile. "I didn't know you saw that."
"I see everything, Meatball," Ella says, tugging him towards the helicopter. "It's really not a contest. But...don't tell Ariel I have favorites, okay? Luca's family too now, and I do love him. Jackson's just...special to me."
"Secret's safe with me," Rafe murmurs, climbing into the helicopter and then holding out a hand to help his mother up.
I'm still scowling as mom and Rafe climb into the helicopter, and when we take off and start to fly south towards the Academy. But as I turn to look out the window, the sight of Jackson reading through the magazine article about him breaks my mood and makes me smile. "What do you think?" I ask, leaning my head against his arm and peering at the magazine open on his lap.
"It's weird," he murmurs, glancing at me with a little smile and then back down at the page, where more pictures of him with the Royals are printed alongside rampant speculations about why he spent Midwinter at the palace.
"You're gonna have fans now, Jacks," Jesse says, leaning over me a little to look as well. I laugh to find myself squished a bit between the two big Alphas, my cousin and my mate. "All sorts of girls trying to find you on social media, wanting to slip into your DM's." Jackson glances up at Jesse with a frown and then shakes his head with a sigh. "I'm not even going to ask what a DM is," he murmurs. "I don't want to know."
"You might," Jesse says with a wicked grin. "Lots of pretty girls in this city, and you didn't get to meet any of them because Ariel kept you hidden away in the palace where none of them could get at you."
I growl, possessive, and elbow Jesse in the ribs. He laughs and grins at me, wicked.
"I met girls," Jackson murmurs absently, still flipping through the pages.
Jesse's gasp of delight rivals my squeak of horror as I turn my protest towards Jackson now. "What!?"
"At the bar," Jackson says, frowning and sending me a confused glance. "The night of the fight. A couple of girls came and introduced themselves - one bought me a drink. Two drinks, actually."
"What!?" I nearly shriek, making everyone in the helicopter turn to me.
"What's happening," Jackson asks, putting the magazine down and glancing between me and Jesse with a frown. "Is that bad? Am I...should I not be meeting people?"
I just stare at Jackson, completely conflicted, while Jesse cackles with glee and elbows me back. "Can't precisely forbid him, can you, Ariel?" Jesse says. "Not when you're out the same night with another man. Why shouldn't he do the same?"
###Chapter 0430
"I wasn't out with another girl," Jackson protests, frowning at Jesse but still clearly not getting it. "Is that...bad? Is..." he frowns, clearly thinking back on it. "I just thought she was being friendly. Plus, free drinks..."
I just scowl at Jesse and wrap my arm possessively around Jackson's, not liking this at all. "No, Jacks," I say bitterly. "It's fine. You didn't do anything wrong." But I keep scowling, glaring at Jesse who is delighted and, I'm sure, planning to milk this for all its worth. Still, a little part of me is quite smug and pleased that we're heading off to an all-boys academy where the only other eligible girl is my friend and dating my brother.
I raise my foot and give my still-smirking cousin a sharp kick, but he just laughs a little and turns away, waving a hand at me to let me know he'll drop it. For now.
"I like this one," Jackson says quietly, and I blink, pulling myself out of my thoughts and turning my attention to him.
"What?" I ask, looking up into his face.
"This one," he says, tapping the magazine. I look down to see his finger tapping on the image on the cover, the one of him in profile looking down at me with a beautiful smile on his face, of me laughing as I look up at him, the wind blowing my hair a bit. And I smile, all of my jealousy immediately wiped away. Because Jackson liking another girl...god, I'm wasting my time worrying about that, aren't I?
"Yeah, that's a good one," I say, wrapping my arm tighter around his and pressing myself closer. "Maybe we can get a copy. Have it framed."
"Oh," Jackson says, turning to me with surprise. Then he smiles too. "Yeah, I think I'd like that."
I nod once as he turns back to the magazine, looking through it again, and I look over at my mom who is sitting across from us. She sends me a quick wink, letting me know that she's heard and that she's on it.
I smile at my mom, grateful, not really angry at her anymore. Because I can't wait to see Luca again, but if he'd been here, we wouldn't have had this moment.
And so I turn my attention away from all of that and towards the future: to the Academy where we're going and the war that awaits us beyond that. As my stomach turns with anxiety I realize that my mate drama is the least of my worries - and that it's time to pay attention again to the things that really matter.
As we start to land at the Academy on the lawn by the candidate barracks, I sigh and slip my cap onto my head, carefully tucking my hair back beneath it and mourning, passively, that I'm going to have to do this every day again. Not that it's a big deal it's just...annoying. "Ohh, is this Ari Clark!?" mom says, leaning forward and grinning at me gleefully. "Ugh, you're such a cute boy." She presses her hand to her chest, clearly meaning it and turning to my dad. "Should we have another? A little boy this time that looks like me -" "No more children, Ella," dad murmurs passively, like this is a discussion they have all the time. Mom sighs but there's no more time to think on it as the helicopter touches down and we all start to climb out.
"Jesse," dad says, nodding to him as we walk through the gates and start into the castle. "If you wouldn't mind going to your room and settling in? The rest of us have a meeting with Ari's professors."
My mouth falls open just as Jesse's does as our little group makes its way down the hall.
"Why am I being left out!?" Jesse protests.
"Cousins," dad says, dry, "don't need to be part of this." We all move towards the elevator and my stomach plummets. Because honestly, I forgot dad's ultimatum - I passed the Examination and all of my finals, but he did insist that all of my professors know that I'm a girl. God, what if the Captain protests? What if Alvez does something weird?
"Why does he get to go!?" Jesse protests, pointing a finger at Jackson.
Dad just quirks an eyebrow at Jesse. "Because he doesn't ask as many questions as you."
Jesse scowls but gives in, glaring at all of us as he climbs into a separate elevator from ours.
"It's so cool here," mom whispers eagerly, bumping her shoulder with mine as the elevator doors shut and we start to move upwards. "I wish I lived here."
"Mom, you already live in a palace," Rafe laughs, glancing at her over his shoulder. "Now you want a castle?"
"Yes, it's much spookier here," mom says with a tragic sigh. "Very atmospheric. Like there could be a ghost. Or six ghosts. Ten!"
###Chapter 0431
"Yes, just what everyone wants when they're searching for the perfect home," dad murmurs, sending her a smirking glance. Mom nods eagerly, like that's obviously true.
Jackson and I keep quiet, standing close together. Feeling my anxiety, he sends a warm pulse of reassurance down our bond and brushes his hand against mine. I smile up at him and send my thanks, but then I sigh and turn towards the doors as they open. It's a short, quiet walk down the hall to the room where my professors wait, and when the five of us enter the Captain raises his eyebrows in surprise. Neumann just smirks like he was expecting it and then glances at his watch like he's eager to get this over with. Alvez, to my surprise, is the warmest. "Ella!" he says, striding eagerly over and reaching for her hand.
"John!" she says, fond, taking his hand and leaning forward to exchange brief kisses on the cheek. My eyebrows fly up and I look, a little stunned, between Rafe and Jackson, who return my expression. I mean, we knew that mom hired Alvez, but we did not know that they were friends. My dad clears his throat and Alvez murmurs his apologies, bowing quickly to my dad and taking his spot back on the other side of the table.
"If we could?" Neumann says, his bored voice ringing out in the room. "I have prep work to do, especially as the semester is starting so much earlier than expected."
My dad smirks and nods to Neumann. I frown at this as well. How well do these two know each other?
Why are all the adults friends and no one told me?
"Of course," dad says, gesturing for us three Cadets to line up next to him, which we do. Mom stands at dad's side, her habitual place, and he puts a casual arm around her, his hand resting on her hip. Neumann, Alvez, and the captain stand across the table from us, looking towards my dad with interest, the Captain's eyes a little wary.
"Thank you for meeting with us today," dad says, his voice even and business-like. "I'm afraid that my child has been engaging in quite a bit of deception this past semester, and I'd like your opinion on how we should handle it."
The Captain frowns as his eyes move immediately to Rafe, but Neumann and Alvez look at me, Alvez with a smirk, Neumann with a slight nod.
"Ariel?" dad says, turning to me. "If you would?"
I sigh and then reach up, taking off my cap and letting my hair fall down around my shoulders. "I'm sorry," I say, looking between each of my professors. "I wouldn't have lied if I could have told you the truth and stayed in the school. But I think we're all aware that that wouldn't have happened if I had."
Neumann just looks back at my dad like he's waiting for him to make this worth his time, and Alvez looks at me with a deeper grin, his eyes moving slowly over the length of my hair like he quite likes it. A shiver passes through me and I glance at my mom, who doesn't seem to notice.
"Oh, goddess help us," the Captain murmurs, half dismayed and half frustrated. "The shrimp is a girl."
My pulse quickens as I turn to stare at my professor - as we all do. He covers his face with his hand and heaves a deep sigh, turning half away from us like he's embarrassed to have missed it.
"When I initially learned of my daughter's subterfuge I was vehement that she would not be returning to school this semester," my dad says, continuing on even as the Captain collects himself. "But my family," dad turns to frown at us like we're a great deal of trouble - which I suppose we are. "Convinced me to leave it in your hands."
The Captain drops his hand from his face with a sigh and looks at me evenly, a frown on his face.
"Ariel has passed all of her final exams with honors," dad says, looking at me, unable to keep a bit of pride from his voice. "And, despite her injuries, she did legally pass the examination by leaning on the strength of the bonds she has with her fellow cadets. By the rules of the academy, she has every right to continue as a student. But if you, her professors, will not have her here then I will take her home with me now and we will find another way use Ariel's talents to aid the nation in this time of war."
I stop breathing, my spine going straight as I look out at my professors - these three men who hold my fate in their hands.
###Chapter 0432
To one one's surprise, Neumann again glances at his watch. "I already told Cadet Sinclair that I'd be disappointed if she didn't return. I've put quite a bit of preparation into her continued enrollment this semester." He glances at Alvez and the Captain on either side of him. "If either of you have ions to the Princess's continued enrollment please be aware that you will incur my wrath as well as the...shrimp's." He smirks here, turning his eyes to me, clearly tickled by the diminutive he hasn't yet heard. I scowl, hating that he knows my stupid nickname. And here I was, hoping to have his respect!
"I am pleased to continue," Alvez says evenly, folding his hands behind his back and smiling around the room at all of us. "Cadet Sinclair - Ariel, I mean, for clarity - is the only one of my students to have begun manifesting their powers. At least..." he takes a moment here to smirk at Jacks - a fact no one misses. "As far as I know."
Jackson doesn't react at all, staring back at Alvez with perfect equanimity. I fight a smile, pleased that Jackson's secret still remains safe with me.
"Anton Davis, of course, has manifested his - but he came in that way," Alvez continues with a casual sigh. "So, as you can imagine, I am eager to continue working with the one pupil whose course seems to be...working for her." He gives me another sly smile and I glance at my parents, still shocked that they don't seem to be noticing this.
Rafe too just blinks and nods.
But down the bond with Jackson, I feel his wolf raise his hackles. I send a little burst of panic his way, inquiring why no one else is noticing the way Alvez is looking at me. He sends back a feeling like a hand smoothing down my hair - cool and calm. I exhale slowly, leaning into that calm hand, trusting him.
But there's no time to consider it - not really - as the Captain begins to speak.
"So," he snaps, clearly not as happy as my other to professors. "It's all down to me, then? To levy discontent, when everyone else is happy to let her break the rules simply because she's a princess?"
Anxiety turns in me, easily overtaking the cool calm that Jackson passed me a moment ago. Because he's right- of course he is. I'm only still here because I have the right connections.
"To be fair," my mom says, her voice calm and considering. "If another young lady had accomplished as much as Ariel this past semester and I were on a panel to decide whether or not she could continue her enrollment, I'd vote for it. My fondness for my daughter aside, I think she's earned her place here."
"I won't be accused of misogyny in this situation," the Captain snaps, looking my mother evenly in the eye and then ensuring that each of the rest of us get the same treatment. "I have no problem with women - I'm not the type who thinks that they're lesser than men, or weaker. But I was on this council at the start of this school twenty years ago when it was decided that single-sex education would be better."
"I was on the council as well," my dad says, and we all turn our attention to him. "And I remember that your opinion was split. Rest assured, Ivan, whatever your decision today - we won't hold it against you or make assumptions about your politics."
"I'm grateful for that," the Captain says as I blink, absurdly surprised by the fact that he has a first name and isn't just The Captain. "But I have to say that I agree with the decision. Girls at the school - it's too much chaos. I'm not saying it would be anything the girls themselves did - but the boys will get distracted. Falling in love, having fights over who is dating who." He shakes his head with a grimace. "It would be chaos - which we can't have, not at a serious institution that is working hard to turn out fine warriors."
I blush horribly when I realize that what he says is true - that all of that did happen when I showed up, and I'm just one girl. But...I mean, none of us are any further behind in our studies for it, are we?
"Your point about the chaos of enrolling young women is well taken," Neumann says, speaking quickly and on a bit of a sigh as if he really doesn't have time to indulge in this. "It unfortunately fights against hundreds of years of gendered ideology to assume that a group of idiotic young men won't go to pieces just because a girl is around. But luckily there is an easy solution to this."
The Captain turns to him, as the rest of us do, with eyebrows raised.
###Chapter 0433
pauses and gives Jackson a quick once-over, a little smirk on his lips, "apparently has already gotten out already."
"Ariel will merely continue to keep her secret," Neumann says, gesturing towards me. "Her brother and cousin will continue scent marking her to hide her scent. The realities of her sex and gender will be kept strictly secret amongst those who already know, which..." he I blush again, realizing that Neumann has probably guessed more about my romantic situation than I ever wanted him to know. But of course he does - why else would Jackson be here?
"It depends," the Captain says, snapping his eyes back to me. "Who else knows about this? How big has it gotten? Jesse Sinclair and..."
"Ben Ternicki and Luca Grant," I say instantly. I bite my lip, wondering if I should mention Daphne, but I hold my tongue, not wanting to get her in trouble.
"This is all?" The Captain asks, and when I nod he lifts his eyes to the ceiling, considering.
"If I may, sir," I say, taking a hesitant step forward. He returns his eyes to me, nodding. "I want to tell Tony," I hesitate, wondering if I should use his full first name, which I honestly just learned today. "I mean, Anton Davis as well."
The Captain's mouth pops open a little, I think appalled at the idea.
I continue in a rush. "He's the only one in our magic class that doesn't know," I say quite quickly. "And we've all already sworn ourselves to secrecy regarding our magical gifts - I'm confident he can be trusted. It's just...unfair, in a classroom of seven people for him to be the only one who doesn't know. Plus, counter-productive for our lessons."
"Anton Davis," my mother murmurs, drawing all attention to her even though she keeps her eyes on me. "The one who has manifested his magical gift?"
I nod to her, intrigued.
"I've met so few people with fully manifested magic - I'd like to meet him," she says, turning her face up to my dad. "Do you think it can be arranged? If we have time?" He frowns at her for a second and then shrugs as he nods, implying that it can. "If we may," Neumann says on a heavy sigh, clearly done with all of this. He gestures towards the Captain, who stands with his arms crossed, clearly deep in thought.
"There will be an uproar if she's found out," the Captain says, speaking his thoughts as he works through them. "I won't have that. But...as long as she's not found out, I'm...I'm not against her staying in the school. She's a fine shot and the military will certainly be able to use her - it would be a loss to send her away just because she's a girl. But if the other Cadets find out and break into protest, your Highnesses," he says, looking at my mother and then my father. "My first priority is to the mission of the school, not to one student. Am I clear?"
"You are," my father says with a stern nod. Then he looks at me. "Do you agree to these terms, Ariel?"
"Yes," I say, my word barely a breath as happiness races through me and my wolf turns happily in my soul, her little feet prancing. I beam at each of my instructors in turn. "Thank you. You won't regret it."
"Make sure of that, young lady," the Captain says, giving me a stern nod.
Alvez claps his hands together and smiles at us as he moves forward around the table. "I'm sorry that my time is short here," he says, bowing to my mother and father and giving them all the proper obeisances. Then he turns to Rafe, Jackson, and I. "The three of you I'll look forward to seeing in class the day after tomorrow. Come ready to report any...progress."
He gives me another one of those sly grins alongside a little chuckle before moving out of that room.
"What a charming man," mom says with a little sigh as he goes. I stare at her like she's insane, and when mom notices she just frowns at me, clearly asking what's wrong. Unfortunately, there's no time to respond.
"And I will see you tomorrow, Ariel," Neumann says, stepping close as the Captain pulls my father aside for a word. "I've got quite a bit in store for you," he says with a smirk of his own - though his makes me nervous for a totally different reason than Alvez. "Really?" I ask, my eyes going wide as I tuck my hands behind my back and clasp them together.
"Oh yes," he says, grinning wickedly. "We're going to have a lot of fun this semester. Or at least I will."
I nod seriously to him and then let out a little sigh as he goes, because this is clearly going to be a more exhausting semester than even the last.
###Chapter 0434
When my professors have gone and it's just the five of us left in the room, my father tuns and gives us all a sharp nod. "Good," he says, looking between us Cadets. "That went better than I thought it would. It seems almost as if...at least Neumann was already aware." I give a little shrug, admitting it a bit with a small smile.
Dad huffs a laugh and then runs a hand through his hair, turning to Rafe. "Off to the room with you, Rafe," he says. "You're all finished here."
Rafe's mouth drops open for a moment. "But..." he looks at Jackson and I with a frown. "Where are they going?"
"Another meeting," mom says with a happy sigh, her eyes crinkling up a little as she takes Rafe's hands and pulls him forward for a little kiss on the cheek. "Not necessary for you. I'll miss you baby, be good."
Rafe sputters in protest, half torn between his desire to give mom a proper goodbye and protest that he wants to join the meeting. But dad just raises a single eyebrow at him, daring him to counter his decision, and Rafe scowls.
"Fine," he murmurs, giving dad as much of a glare as he dares. Then he gives mom a proper kiss and dad a hug before heading out of the room.
"Take their bags!" dad calls, gesturing towards our backpacks. Rafe scowls again but does asa he's told, taking our backpacks from us and using the chance to say a few stern words to Jackson, instructing him to escort me back to the room after whatever it is we're doing. Jackson smirks as if he finds it humorous that Rafe thinks he needs to be reminded.
But I don't have time for any of that. "What are we doing?" I ask, frowning as I look between my parents. "What's going on?"
"Nothing to be upset about, baby trouble," mom says, slipping an arm around me and leading me towards the door. "Dominic? Where to?"
"Just down the hall," he murmurs, starting out in the lead. Jackson brings up the rear, of course, and I frown over my shoulder at him, silently asking if he knows what's going on. But he just shrugs, letting me know that he knows as much as I do. "What is with all the secrets today," I growl, giving my mom a poke in the ribs with my finger.
She laughs and scoots away from me for a second. "It's not secrets Ariel - just not a great deal of time to give everyone a brief about our plans for the day."
"We had an entire helicopter ride!"
"Yes, my love," she sighs, reaching out to pat me fondly on the cheek. "But it was very loud, and I was very distracted by the magazine with all of its lovely pictures and hilarious theories, none of which actually matched the truth for true drama -" I groan, shaking my head at her, knowing she's lying but giving in to it. If mom wants to keep her secrets there's no stopping her, and honestly she's probably doing it for a reason so I give in, just following along. I trust her, after all. Jackson willingly follows close behind, quiet as usual, but down the bond I feel his utter trust in mom too.
We follow dad down the hall to a door that he pushes open. His face breaks into a huge smile as he steps into the room. "It's been a long time, friend!"
Mom gives a little squeak of joy and rushes forward, tugging me along with her. I go willingly, even if I am baffled. I feel Jackson close behind me as I step into the room and see a man sitting on the other side of a small table, a laptop open before him - a human, and one I've met before.
"Hank!" my mom says, abandoning me immediately and dashing over to her old friend. "It's so good to see you, I've missed you."
Hank is lucky enough to stand in time for my mother to run past my dad and barrel into him. He laughs as he wraps his arms around her. "It's good to see you too, Ella - you're right, it's been too long."
Mom beams up at Hank as dad comes to shake his hand, perhaps the fondest gesture dad gives to anyone outside of the family.
"You remember our eldest daughter, of course?" dad says, gesturing towards me.
I step forward eagerly, my hand out. "Hi!" I say, laughing a little. "I remember you! You came once to the palace when I was younger."
###Chapter 0435
"Yes, younger and smaller," he says, giving me a warm smile as he takes my hand in both of his, shaking it. "It's a pleasure to see you all grown up, Ariel - and I'm glad to hear that you're holding up your family's tradition of keeping things interesting." I blush a little at this but laugh, knowing he doesn't mean anything by it. "This is Jackson McClintock," I say, half turning to gesture towards Jackson, who still stands awkwardly by the door. "Another...Cadet at the Academy," I finish a little lamely, not knowing quite what to say.
"It's all right," Hank says with a happy sigh as Jackson comes forward to shake his hand as well. "Your parents already informed me of your rather unique situation. Two mates - it's very interesting. I mean, I'm a physician, but I've long been interested in how magic engages with the lycanthrope body. Fascinating stuff."
My mouth drops a bit as Jackson comes forward and shakes Hank's hand. Jackson, stoic as usual, doesn't say a word, edging a bit closer to me and starting to feel a little wary.
"Sit down, Ariel, Jackson," my dad says, gesturing to two chairs on one side of the small table. He sits down in the chair next to Hank's as Hank takes his seat as well. Mom hesitates and then takes a seat at the head of the table - between the two groups. I frown at her as she sits down, stepping closer to Jacks and slipping my hand into his.
Because something...something feels off about this.
"What is going on?" I ask, my voice a little snappier than I mean it to be. "Why...why are the five of us here?"
"We're here," dad says, folding his hands on the table and looking pointedly at the two open chairs. "To ask Jackson some questions. About his previous life in the Community."
My spine stiffens and I squeeze Jackson's hand. He squeezes mine back, suddenly wary. Down the bond, I feel his wolf's hackles raise.
Neither of us say anything, both of us just staring stiffly at my parents and their old friend.
"Ariel," mom says, her voice pleading. "Don't get defensive, darling - it's not -"
"Then why spring this on us?" I snap, turning to glare at her. "Why wait until now, why not ask questions while we were at the palace?"
"Because," my father says, quite evenly. "This is the soonest that we could get Hank here - he flew in this morning. Had the timing been different, we would have of course met him at the palace."
"Well, what does Dr. Hank have to do with it?" I ask, casting a hand out towards him. As the words fall from my lips I grimace, realizing that I'm being rude. I send him an apologetic glance and he nods to me, accepting my tacit apology, letting me know he understands. "Because he's from the North," Jackson says quietly next to me, and I snap my head up to him at the sound of his deep voice. "Or," he qualifies with a frown, tilting his head, "if not from the North, than recently there." "How do you know that?" Hank asks, leaning forward with a smile, intrigued.
"I can smell it on you," Jackson murmurs, lifting his nose and giving another sniff of the air. "You smell like home. Cool winds, snow. Kerosine, which the fancier households use to heat their homes." He shrugs. Hank's smile broadens, impressed.
"We asked Hank to come because we trust him," dad says simply, raising an eyebrow at me and again looking pointedly at the chairs. "He knows more about the North than we do. We spoke to him this morning and he told us some things about the Community in which Jackson was raised that we found...concerning."
I clench my jaw, still angry about being blindsided by this. I look up seriously into Jackson's face. "You don't have to do this, you know," I say quietly, again squeezing his hand, letting him know that I mean it. "We can just...go to school."
"No, it's okay," Jackson says immediately, nodding down at me, even though I can still feel a kind of anxiety twining with his stoicism. He turns his head to look at my parents and Hank. "I don't have anything to hide."
"We're on your side, son," dad says, looking seriously at Jacksons. "We just have some questions."
Jackson nods once and takes his seat, not dropping my hand.
###Chapter 0436
way if it wasn't necessary.
I sigh sharply out of my nose and take my seat next to Jackson, giving my mom and dad a final glare for good measure. My mom nods to me, a small smile gracing her lips, letting me know that she isn't fully happy about it either. But, she wouldn't have let it happen this With a nod from my father, Hank begins by telling Jackson all about his years in the northern provinces - about working hard to bring medical aid to impoverished communities there, both wolf and human. Then he begins to speak of the Community, about never being able to break into it - listing the things he does and does not know, the gaps in his knowledge. "Do you know?" Hank asks, clearly very curious. "About the status of the medical facilities within the Community?"
"I don't know much besides my personal experience," Jackson says, still feeling a little cagey. "I was trained as a warrior - they didn't...they didn't want me to know anything except what I was supposed to know. Everything I know about the medical facilities I know from being patched up inside them but..." he shrugs, "I heal very fast. I only had to go to the medical facilities once and from what I remember it was very...bare bones. Just a cabin like most of the others."
"What sort of supplies did they have inside?" Hank asks, eager, and from the way he leans forward I can see that it's all professional curiosity shining in his eyes. "Do you think that if we offered more supplies - completely free - just dropped at the door - that the Community would take them? Use them?"
Looking down at the table Jackson shakes his head sharply, his shoulders tense. But he doesn't say a word.
I squeeze his hand, anxious for him, feeling the tension radiating off of him like heat from a flame.
"What is it, Jackson?" mom asks, leaning forward towards him. When I look up at her, I can see that she likewise senses that something is off and that her heart is in her throat. I swallow hard, knowing that she loves my mate almost as a son now and hates putting him in a situation where he's uncomfortable.
Jackson raises his head and looks only at mom, the only person besides me who I think he's comfortable talking to. "I'll answer all your questions," he says softly, tentative. "But...you have to understand. The Community values secrecy above all else - I have been trained since I was a child to believe that if I told anyone outside the community anything at all that I'm committing the greatest sin. I am...fighting a great deal of indoctrination here. You'll have to forgive me if I don't find it easy." He shifts his gaze now to look between Hank and my father. "But I won't hold anything back. It might just...take me a minute."
"Thank you, Jackson," my mom says quietly, and I see her fight her urge to reach across the table for his other hand. "You take your time."
"I agree, son," dad says, holding Jackson's gaze with a gravity I know is innate to him. "Thank you."
Jackson exhales deeply, hanging his head a bit, and continues. "The Community wouldn't take the medicine - they'd see it as a weakness. They'd throw it out - destroy it. Not only would they be suspicious of anything given from the Moon Valley government, they believe that illness and injury only make you stronger, and that if you're not able to survive it on your body's capacity alone then you...probably shouldn't live. Strength of the individual, and of the Community as a whole, was...critically important."
Hank exhales a long breath as he begins to type some notes on his laptop, shaking his head, I think hating that the Community thinks that way. His whole creed as a doctor, after all, is to help everyone - especially the weak and the sick.
Jackson and Hank continue to talk for a while, Jackson answering each of Hank's questions about the medical status of the Community to the best of his ability, though his answers are limited by the fact that the Community didn't let him in on most of the information. Dad lets Hank ask all of his questions, but I see his tension growing, see him waiting patiently for his own turn to ask Jackson questions of his own.
And as I see it, I frown because...if this meeting is not to increase Hank's knowledge of the Community's medical status and see what we as a nation can do to help those people, then what the hell else is it about?
My dad turns his head a little, feeling my suspicious gaze, and he sighs and nods when he sees it. A tiny confession that there is more to this than just what Hank wants to know.
When Hank turns to my father, letting him know that he's got all he thinks he needs from Jackson, dad finally begins to voice what I suspect is the real reason for this little interrogation.
"Hank has also told us some more worrying things about the Community, Jackson," dad says quietly, though his deep and resonant voice has no trouble filling the room. "About the Community's allegiances and their...stance regarding my rule."
###Chapter 0437
My eyes flash at this because...what?
"They're citizens, aren't they?" I ask, sitting up straighter and looking between Jackson and my father. "Of Moon Valley?"
"They are," dad says, nodding to me. "The lands the Community lives on are within the borders of Moon Valley - everyone born there has the rights of a citizen." "That's not how they think of it," Jackson murmurs, looking down at the table.
"What do you mean?" dad asks.
My mate lifts his eyes to meet my father's. "I mean that...if they draw maps, they would draw the borders differently. They understand the Community to be a sovereign nation within itself. I mean, no one talked to me about it - not in those terms. But the way we were asked to think of ourselves? They...certainly do not think of you as their King, sír. And they do not at all see the laws of Moon Valley as applying to them."
"You keep saying 'them," Hank says quietly, curiosity thrumming in his voice. "Jackson, do you...not understand yourself as a member of the Community?"
"Not anymore," Jackson says instantly, turning his gaze to Hank. "Ella and Ariel know this - but I had some time living in the Capital before I came to school here, time during which I was meant to acclimate myself to Moon Valley customs so that I would not stand out so much at the Academy." Mom's mouth twitches a little, like she's aware that three months was not nearly enough. But Hank and my dad stay still, letting Jackson continue.
"During that time," Jackson says, moving quickly now, I think not wanting to remember it, "I...learned a great deal about the world, and about Moon Valley, and all the things that the Community purposefully kept from me. All the lies they told me, which they asked me to believe were true."
He hangs his head now and I tighten my hand in his, wishing there was something else I could do to make this easier for him.
"I made a decision in those three months," Jackson says quietly, looking down at the table, "even before I met Ariel that...I was never going back. What they do to people is not...right. I'm not stupid," he says, raising his eyes again and looking hard at my father and Hank, "but...I am ignorant. What I don't know about this world could fill a library - but I do know that what the Community does to its people is wrong. That there should be more... free will. If that's a thing."
My heart breaks for my mate as it does every time he tells me about his life in the Community. Once glance at my mother lets me know that she's feeling the same. Dad, however, remains stoic, his eyes on Jackson.
"I have to ask you, son," dad says, his voice tight and stern. "Why the Community would risk your learning so much about the world by sending you away. Why did they send you to the Academy."
Jackson straightens shoulders and looks my dad in the eye. "I was sent as a spy, sir," he says, solid and even.
My eyes flare in shock at this bland confession.
Jackson glances towards me but then looks back at my father. "It's not a secret - it's never been," he says, shaking his head. "I told both Ariel and Ella that I was sent to the Academy to learn cutting edge military techniques and technologies. That when I felt I had learned enough I was expected to drop out and desert, to return to the Community to share that knowledge with them."
Dad raises his own eyebrows in surprise, glancing between me and my mom, perhaps wondering why we didn't tell him this. I blush terribly - but honestly, Jackson isn't doing that anymore, so why would I tell?
"And are you still a spy?" dad asks, returning his hard gaze to Jackson.
"I am not," Jackson says, almost harsh in his vehemence. "I'm never going back there. I'm not telling them a damn thing."
Dad studies my mate for a moment, clearly working hard to decide whether or not he's telling the truth. My spine stiffens at dad's even needing to think about it and I glare hard at my father, even though he doesn't look at me.
"You're enrolled in a military academy and receiving a salary from Moon Valley, Jackson," my father says, straightening up and leaning across the table a bit to look hard at Jackson, to impress him with the depth of his meaning. "Part and parcel of your education and your
pay is the assumption that you're willing to fight for our nation. If you're no longer allied with the Community, does that mean you understand yourself as a citizen of Moon Valley now? Are you a patriot?"
Jackson takes a long moment to stare at my father, his throat working hard. Then slowly, without looking at me, he squeezes my hand. "No sir," he says quietly, looking hard at my father. "It does not."
My gasp rings out in the silence of the room.
###Chapter 0438
"Please," Jackson says, snapping his eyes to me before looking around at everyone else in the room, all of whom sit in shocked silence. "Let me explain." My father narrows his eyes and nods once to my mate as I continue to gape at him, appalled.
"My entire life," Jackson begins, "I have been raised to believe wonderful things about the Community and horrible things about Moon Valley. In the past six or so months I'm coming to realize that I've been deeply mislead and that actually the opposite is true - that the Community is a bad place and that Moon Valley is much fairer than I'd ever believed. What I had been taught about you, sir," Jackson says, lifting a hand towards my father, "has been... directly countered by our personal interactions." Dad nods slowly, hearing him, but the frown tugging at the edge of his mouth lets me know that he, too, does not yet understand.
"I'm inclined to believe that Moon Valley is a good place," Jackson says, "but if you're asking me if I love it enough to give my life for it?" Slowly he shakes his head. "It would be easier, sir, to simply lie to you and say that I am a patriot. But you've been incredibly good to me," he looks at my mom now as well "both of you. And I won't lie to you. I don't love Moon Valley and I'm not a patriot - at least not yet. I...haven't had the time."
My father raises an eyebrow. "Then why should we allow you to continue in this school?" he asks. "We are attempting to raise an army against a serious foe, Jackson, and you could be an incredible asset for our teams -"
"Oh, I'll still fight for you," Jackson says, leaning forward, quite serious. I just stare at him, baffled - because honestly none of this is adding up.
"Please," my dad says, leaning forward and holding up an open hand, begging for an explanation. "Make this make sense, Jackson."
"The only thing to which I have any allegiances in this entire world is Ariel," Jackson replies immediately, turning to look at me. My eyes go wide again as his gaze sweeps over me once, as if to reconfirm what he already knows to be true before he turns back to my dad. "She is...the only thing in this world that I know to be true and good - I don't have faith in anything else, not really. Our bond is the only thing that's real to me. I'll never betray her. And Ariel, I know, is a patriot - which is enough for me."
Jackson turns his eyes back to me now as mine start to fill with tears, as my mouth starts to wobble a bit.
"If Ariel's fighting for Moon Valley," Jackson says softly, "then I am too. She's a Princess of this nation and she takes that role quite seriously, and thus so do I." He turns his head back to look at each of the three others in the room in turn. "You never have to doubt me - not a single moment. Ariel would give her life for her country and I will give mine before I let her do that. I think...it amounts to the same thing. I'll fighting for Moon Valley because that's what Ariel is doing. To my death, if you ask it."
Jackson shrugs as if it's the simplest thing even as the tears start to slip down my cheeks. When he glances at me and sees my wet cheeks he frowns, reaching out to gently brush my tears away with his thumbs. "Don't cry," he murmurs, shaking his head like he forbids it. "It won't come to that. I won't let it."
"Jacks," I croak, totally shattered by the sweetness of him, about the depth of this confession that I don't think he truly understands.
"Please stop crying," he says, laughing a little like he doesn't know what to do as he takes my cheeks in his broad hands. "I - I can't think when you're like this. Please -"
"I can't," I say, melting a little at his touch but laughing at myself anyway - because I know I'm being ridiculous and that everyone is watching.
"Yes, you can," Jackson murmurs, smirking at me. "Come on, Clark - pull yourself together. You're a soldier, after all."
"Oh, shut up, McClintock," I say, laughing and taking my face from his hands, swatting him away and brushing at my cheeks with my sleeve. "It's all your fault anyway - quit making such touching confessions and I won't have to cry so much."
Jackson just laughs again and we both turn back to the others in the room, a little more embarrassment running through me as I see that all of them are just staring at us, looking rather touched themselves. Mom wipes her own tears from her cheeks with the heels of her palm, taking a deep breath and trying to settle down.
###Chapter 0439
"I'll take that," dad says quietly, holding Jackson's gaze. "Your offer to fight for Ariel, if you're not yet ready to call yourself a patriot of Moon Valley, as it does amount to the same thing. But I hope that in time you will come to love this nation as she does. As I do." "Oh, I think I'm well on my way, sir," Jackson replies, giving dad a steady nod.
Dad nods back and then turns back to Hank. "What else do you need?"
"Oh, a lot, unfortunately," Hank says, turning to my dad with raised eyebrows. "If what Jackson says is correct then the Community is enacting great injustices against its citizens - huge violations of their human rights. I think..." he glances anxiously at Jackson here, "that you have an obligation to intercede, Dominic."
Dad hums a little consideringly and then turns his gaze back to Jackson. "And the Community," my father says softly, "you believe it strips its citizens of their free will?"
"In every way," Jackson says with a solid nod. "It denies them choices. It denies them even the knowledge of choice - knowledge that a different life is possible. There are no...options, only commands. They...take children away from their parents - raise them in different sections of the Community where they have no connection to their biological family, no chance to foster affection, because those things are marked as weakness. It's a move that strips and isolates people - allows their only allegiances to be to the Community itself. It is..." he sighs again, shaking his head. "A bad place, sir."
I see a muscle flick in dad's jaw as he works hard to keep his emotions off his face. Family, we all know, is incredibly important to him - and the idea of someone taking his children away...
Dad takes a deep breath, tucking the thought away and turning back to Hank. "How would you suggest we proceed?"
"If young Jackson here is willing," Hank says, glancing at Jackson for a moment, "I would like to continue asking him questions - quite a lot of questions. The information needs to be amassed and could save lives."
Dad turns to Jackson with a raised eyebrow and Jackson nods, agreeing to it.
"It means my relocation to the Capital," Hank says with a sigh, raising his hand to rub at his temple. "God, Sarah's going to kill me. But...it's important work. I want to do it. Maybe...I come here once a week, to continue my interviews with Jackson? Until we feel like we're done? In the intervening time I can confirm his answers and start coming up with a plan."
Hank raises an eyebrow at Jacks to see if this works for him and my mate nods, steady. Warmth and pride for my Jackson raises steadily in me and honestly, I can't take my eyes off him.
Mom squeaks in delight at the prospect that Hank and his family will be moving closer and leans forward to him, instantly beginning to make plans.
"You two can go," dad says, sighing and pushing himself up from his chair. "I think we're done for now." He comes around the table and holds out his hand to Jackson, who shakes it warmly, dropping my hand for the first time to do it.
"Thank you, sir," Jackson says, holding my father's gaze steadily. "For believing me."
"Oh, how could I not," dad says, a little Sinclair smirk pulling up the corner of his mouth. "Someone who clearly loves my daughter that much is...difficult not to believe."
Jackson blushes lightly but nods, dropping my father's hand as mom comes flying at us, wrapping Jackson in a big hug before darting over to give me a kiss, murmuring lots of things about how much she loves us and how grateful she is for Jackson's information. I hug my mom tightly, pressing my eyes shut, not wanting to let her go. "You'll be fine, baby," mom whispers. "Stick with this one and you'll be fine."
"I know," I sigh back. "Just gonna miss you."
"Oh, I'm sure you'll see me around," she says, and I pull back a little in surprise to see her grinning a little wickedly. "Because if Hank is coming here every week by helicopter - I'm sure I'll catch a ride every so often."
I burst out laughing and hug her close again before kissing my dad on the cheek, shaking Dr. Hank's hand, and moving to Jackson's side.
Our family is still calling their goodbyes as we slip out the door, pulling it shut behind us. As soon as we're alone I reach my arms up, standing on my toes, emitting a little squeak of demand. My mate immediately complies with my unspoken command, letting out a little snarl as he pulls me up into his arms, lifting me completely off the floor.
###Chapter 0440
Jackson hugs me tight against his chest and falls back against the wall outside the interview room, sighing deeply as he does. I tuck my head against his shoulder, letting him hold me, going almost completely limp against him. "I'm sorry," I whisper. "That was intense. And they shouldn't have sprung it on us like that." "It's okay," he murmurs against my hair, giving a little shrug. "They just...care. I don't mind and I've got nothing to hide."
I pull my head up a little bit, studying him, running a hand through his dark hair. "I love you too, you know."
Jackson bursts into a deep grin. "What?"
"When dad said you were in love with me? And you didn't deny it?" I look at him steadily. "I want you to know it. I'm in love with you, Jackson. And I'll fight for you and die for you too if I need to. Our allegiances are the same." Jackson exhales, long and slow, before he closes his eyes and presses his forehead gently to mine. "I love you too, Ariel Sinclair. I always will."
I murmur his name like a prayer, raising a hand to his cheek and letting my thumb drift over his cheekbone. Jackson raises his chin and kisses me, swift and desperate, and I can feel down the bond how incredibly much it means to him to hear me say that - and then to say it back. We stay like that for a long time - connecting with each other, passing love and faith and devotion up and down the bond.
But Jackson breaks away what feels like too soon, glancing down the hall, clearly more aware than I am that we are indeed back in the Academy - that we've got to be more discreet than this. After all, I just promised the Captain that no one would know I'm a girl, and even if most of the other Cadets aren't here yet, if anyone sees us like this?
Yeah. It's going to raise questions.
"Also," Jackson says, returning his eyes to mine when he's assured that we're alone. "No more of this talk of dying for each other, all right? Neither of us is dying for a long, long time. So. Let's just go hang out with your brother and your cousin and put that out of our minds."
"Okay," I say, wrinkling my nose at him and pressing a kiss to his mouth. Jackson holds me tight for a second before lowering me to the ground. And then, even if it is a little less discreet than we've ever been at school, we walk back to my room hand-in-hand. Back in the chamber, Hank, Ella, and Sinclair watch as Ariel and Jackson leave, the door closing softly behind them. All three are quiet for a long moment.
"So," Sinclair says, his voice low. "What do you really think, Hank?"
Ella squeaks in protest, her head spinning to stare at her mate. "You can't possibly disbelieve a word that boy said, Dominic!"
Sinclair laughs, turning to his wife. "I didn't say what I thought, Ella," he says, grinning at her. "I'm just asking Hank for his professional opinion."
"It's not a professional opinion," Hank murmurs, still studying the door, "I'm a doctor not a...I don't know. Whatever kind of person is in charge of interrogating people who were raised in violent cults."
"So?" Sinclair asks, Ella moving to his side and wrapping her arms around his waist, leaning against him, her eyes on Hank the whole time.
Hank sighs and turns towards the two of them as Sinclair wraps his arms around Ella in kind. "I think that boy's been fucking through hell. I think he's lucky to have found his mate, to have a kind of... north star as his entire knowledge of the world falls apart and he struggles to rebuild it." Sinclair nods, accepting this. "And?"
"And I'm inclined to believe and trust him," Hank says, giving a little shrug even as he crosses his arms. "I don't think he's faking it. I don't think that anyone could pretend to be that passionately in love. He is...very dedicated to your daughter."
Ella and Sinclair grin, looking at each other, a silent communication passing between them before they look back at Hank. "We think so too," Ella says, clearly pleased.
"I'll never get used to this," Hank murmurs, gesturing between them. "The whole...mindspeak thing."
Ella grins and Sinclair just laughs.
But Hank twists his mouth to the side, looking off into the distance, his eyes unfocusing as he does.
###Chapter 0441
"What is it?" Sinclair asks, his smile fading.
"I trust Jackson," Hank murmurs, still lost in his thoughts. "But I...do not think that the Community is done with him." He blinks and looks at his sovereigns, shaking his head with worry. "A boy like that - an incredible physical specimen? They will be angry to have lost him. I'm not a gambler, but if I were it'd be a pretty sure bet to say that they're going to try to get him back."
"Get him back," Ella says with a frown, "how would they do that?"
"I don't know," Hank says with a shrug. "Come and...snatch him, or something?"
Ella just laughs, shaking her head and glancing up at her mate, the only person who is a rival for Jackson in terms of sheer physical prowess. "Trust me, Hank," she says, dry, "no one is making Jackson do anything he doesn't want to do. Except maybe Ariel." "Or you," Sinclair murmurs, stroking a hand down the length of Ella's hair. "He's very devoted to you too, love."
Ella shrugs, not denying it but focusing on Hank.
"Either way," Hank says. "He is not... free of the Community by any means. I have long suspected that the Community has...unique and ionable practices when it comes to children - it's good to have Jackson confirm that so we have grounds on which to make a move against them. Still..."
He hesitates and Sinclair raises his chin at his friend, urging him to continue.
"I would suspect," Hank says, feeling a little awkward about it, "that someone like Jackson has been...planned. That his height, his sheer physical prowess, his intelligence, and his abilities - his magic, if he has it is the result of generations of careful...breeding, for lack of a better word."
Ella stands straighter at this, a little horrified. "Breeding? Like...stock? Cows and horses?"
"Yes," Hank murmurs, his eyes going far-off again. "The Community obviously doesn't get new kids by a result of love matches, but instead likely through very careful planned pairings. It's a eugenic practice and completely ionable but..." he sighs, looking back at Ella and Sinclair, "the Community is not going to be happy about losing its prime specimen. They won't let him go easily, whenever it is that they figure out he's defected."
Ella and Sinclair glance anxiously at each other. "It seems," Sinclair murmurs, "that the Community's one major mistake was sending a Cadet clever enough to figure out how much he'd been brainwashed his entire life in the three months before he joined the Academy. If they'd sent someone a bit dimmer...perhaps it would have worked."
"Dominic," Hank says, his eyes moving swiftly to Sinclair's, "we have no reason to think they didn't."
"What?" Ella gasps.
Hank shrugs. "If Jackson knew that another Cadet at the Academy was from the Community he would have told us, surely. But the Community is spread out on purpose - to prevent precisely the kinds of allegiances and affinities that Jackson was mentioning. Only those in the highest realms of power know how many people are there, and what they look like, and where they are. It's entirely possible that another - or several other - Cadets are here as Academy spies."
"God damn it," Sinclair murmurs, his mind moving quickly through the fairly lax admission standards they use for Candidates so that those from refugee or immigrant communities can enter even if they'd lost their birth certificates and other identification in their move. "If that's true," Ella says, speaking aloud the thoughts they're all thinking. "Then the Community might very well be getting the information that Jackson was sent to find."
"And if my theories of connections to Atalaxia are likewise true," Hank murmurs, "then that information might be going directly into Atalaxian hands."
"Shit..." Dominic says, hanging his head for a second before taking a deep breath and looking between his mate and his friend. "Looks like this is going to need a great deal more of our attention. We'll have to get Cora and Roger involved too - we can trust them and we need more hands.
"Oh," Hank says, a little sarcasm undertoning his words as he crosses his arms and looks between Ella and Sinclair. "What fun for me."
"Cora likes you," Ella says, grinning at Hank.
"It's not Cora I'm worried about," Hank murmurs, heaving another sigh.
###Chapter 0442
When Jackson and I arrive at my room we find the door already open and Rafe and Jesse lounging casually in the living are. Rafe's eyes immediately snap to us. "So?" he demands, raising an eyebrow. "What the hell was that all about?" "Oh, just mom," I say with a happy sigh, stepping into the room. "Telling me that I'm her favorite and assuring Jackson that he's her new Meatball."
Rafe narrows his eyes at me as Jesse laughs. "Such an obvious lie," Rafe sighs, shaking his head. "Mom would never even joke about that. I'm her eternal favorite." "Get in line, lil Prince," Jackson says, pulling me tight against his side. "I'm #1 son now."
Jesse laughs again as Jackson turns his head to look down at me, speaking softly. "I'm going to run to my room, unpack. I'll be back in a little bit?"
"Okay," I say, standing on my toes and giving him a little kiss. "Um," I glance at my brother and my cousin. "Do you mind if I tell them what really happened?"
He considers for a second. "No, that's fine," Jackson says, straightening up and taking a step towards the hall. "Just...the two of them, though? Is that all right?"
"Of course," I say, beaming at him. Jackson nods to me, grabs his backpack from its spot by the door, and waves as he starts down the hall.
"You got him trained up good, Ariel," Jesse says as I grab my own backpack and walk over to my beloved little Nook, tossing it onto the bed. "That wave was very nearly a goodbye that our favorite foundling gave us."
"Yes, he's coming along beautifully," I say with a happy sigh as I start quickly to unpack the very few things I was able to bring from the Palace.
"So?" Rafe says, unwilling to be deterred by small talk and jokes. "What happened?"
With a glance towards the door to ensure that we're alone, I very quickly fill Rafe and Jesse in.
"Damn," Jesse says as I finish unpacking and move to my regular spot on the couch. "I mean, I knew Jackson's story was dark but I didn't think he was a spy."
"He's not," I snap, glaring at him. "So don't even joke about it."
Jesse raises his hands, silently promising he won't, while Rafe takes a deep and contemplative breath. "Things are getting serious," Rafe says, shaking his head slowly back and forth. "Atalaxia declaring war from our south and east, now the Community in the north working with them...I think big things are coming for us."
My heart sinks even if he's only confirming what I already knew. "What do you think it means for us, though?" I ask quietly, my hands clasped together in my lap.
"I think that if things get serious enough that dad and Uncle Roger won't hesitate to call up the Cadets," Rafe says, looking between Jesse and I. Jesse is unusually serious, simply nodding softly as he considers it.
"Wait, really?" I breathe, leaning forward towards my brother. "Do you - do you seriously think that we could see war? Like soon?"
"He won't send us out green," Rafe says, moving his eyes to me. "But if we can make a difference? Dad won't hesitate - and he shouldn't."
"A lot of the warriors in our class are ready for it," Jesse says softly. "Your Jacks among them. Me and Rafe too - Luca, if he works a little harder at the strategy and actual theory behind it. Physically, he's ready. Mentally," Jesse shrugs, like he's not sure he's willing to count Luca in yet.
"I'm not ready," I say softly, looking down at my hands, shaking my head.
"Your program is different, Ari," Rafe says, his voice gentle. "And you haven't been training as long as the rest of us. Neumann will get you where you need to be - the Captain too."
I nod, agreeing, trusting my professors who so clearly trust me. "I'll work as hard as I can."
"We know you will, Ari," Jesse says, his voice warm and cheerful again. I raise my eyes to see him smiling kindly at me, indulgent. "If there's a prize for hard work and dedication, you win it. And we all see that."
A little warmth thrums through me at my cousin's clear praise. "Thanks," I say, smiling at him. Rafe nods at me too, confirming that he too thinks what Jesse has said is right.
###Chapter 0443
A little knock comes at the open door and I turn, gasping with delight when I see Ben leaning against the door jamb, smiling fondly at all of us. "Well, you Sinclairs are a sight for sore eyes." "Benny!" I shout, laughing and launching myself off the couch and towards him. Ben laughs as he catches me in his arms, giving me a warm hug.
"Hey, Clark," he says, smiling fondly down at me as I hug him back and then tug him into the room.
"Did the train get in already?" Rafe asks, sounding surprised.
"First one," Ben says, nodding. "The one that came from the city this morning - I was able to get on that, though I didn't see Daphne anywhere. There will be another later tonight for people coming longer distances." "Was Luca on your train?" I ask, eager, as we sit down on the couch together.
"I sure was," Luca says from the doorway, and I gasp again, leaping to my feet and running this time over to him. Luca laughs as he catches me, spinning in a circle, holding me tight and murmuring his hellos into my hair.
Things are quite cheerful after that as our little group falls into our old routines, chatting happily and joking around. As Ben falls into a serious conversation with Rafe and Jesse about the roles of ambassadors in the upcoming conflict with Atalaxia, Luca tugs on my sleeve and nods over towards the nook, asking me for a minute.
I send an anxious glance towards the door and Luca immediately knows why.
"Just five minutes, Ariel," he murmurs, leaning close to me on the couch and drawing a hand down the length of my arm. "To make sure we're good before term starts?"
I bite my lip though, looking back at him. "I promised Jacks," I whisper, and I don't miss that Luca fights quite hard against a scowl at the mention of his name. "That I wouldn't do any displays of affection with you when he's around. And the same goes for him too - when we're all in a group like this, I think it's best to keep things pretty... platonic."
"Well, he's not here," Luca says, apparently accepting the terms and giving me a little shrug. "And I just want to talk for a minute - just the two of us."
I hesitate again but then nod. "Okay," I whisper, taking his hand and pulling him over to the nook. We settle on the bed and I have to admit that I'm pleased when Luca makes no move to close the little velvet curtain. "What's up?" I ask, reaching out to take his hands as we sit across from each other. "I thought we left things...pretty okay."
"We did," Luca says, nodding seriously to me, and I can't help smiling a little as I stare into his pretty brown eyes, again take in his handsome face. "I just...wanted to ask how your holiday went."
I grin and give him the short story version which leaves out a lot of the best parts, which involve my deepening connection to Jacks. "What about you?" I ask, genuinely wanting to know.
"It was good," he says, dropping his eyes and giving a little shrug. "I missed you but... it was good."
"Luca," I murmur, reaching out and cupping his cheek in my hand, making him look up at me. "What's wrong? You're so...subdued."
"I'm still mortified, Ari," he murmurs, holding my gaze. "At...how I acted the morning after the fight. I'm so fucking ashamed of myself."
I groan, pitching myself forward so that I lean against him, hating that he feels that way. "I thought we were beyond that, Luca," I murmur, my arm slipping around his back.
"You might be," he murmurs, raising a hand to stroke over my head, down my neck, down my back. "I just...the self-loathing is a bit real. I am coming to realize that I have grown to be a very arrogant man with very little reason for arrogance."
My lips twist with regret as I study my mate, hating that he feels this way about himself. Luca just heaves a sigh, tracing his fingers across the soft green blanket that my brother gave me.
###Chapter 0444
"Luca," I say, lifting my head to stare at him dubiously. "You're an international boxing champion. You have some platform for arrogance."
He grins at me, his dimples flaring in that way that I love. "An international boxing champion who shouts at the woman he loves and barely passes his finals, trusting that his royal connections will get him through." I twist my lips to the side, tacitly admitting that there... is room for improvement there.
"I want to be a man who deserves to be mated to you, Ariel," Luca says softly, sitting up straight and nodding. "I think...maybe that's why the Goddess had me meet you when she did. So that I could start working on myself before it's too late."
"You know I like you just as you are, right?" I say softly, looking up at him, meaning it. "I mean...I could do without the shouting - but everything else? You deserve me, Luca - there's nothing else you have to do."
"I want to be a better man," he says softly, leaning forward to nudge me with his nose. "Let me do it for you. Okay?"
I hesitate, not liking something about that. "Do it for you, Luca," I say quietly, pressing a hand warm against his chest, his heart. "You don't have to do anything for me - but if you want to be a better version of yourself then I'll support you all the way." "Good," he says, giving a quick nod and then stealing a kiss so fast that it makes me laugh.
I kiss him back though, just for a moment, before beaming at him. "Does this mean you're going to really study now!?"
"Yes..." he says, narrowing his eyes, suspicious, "but...why do you look so happy about that?"
"Because!" I say, bouncing away from him and across the bed, reaching for my desk. "I can help! I got all of these new study supplies for Midwinter - mom gave them to me - I'll teach you my color coding system! We can -"
But Luca groans, laughing, and collapses on my bed, already exhausted by it. "I said I was going to study, Ariel, not become a complete nerd -"
"They are one in the same, Luca Grant," I say, high and mighty, grabbing my collection of highlighters and colored pens and clasping them to my chest.
Luca laughs at me and I begin to lay out the pens next to him, explaining my system. He listens dutifully, either actually interested or doing a damn good job pretending to be, when another set of footsteps come into the room. I peek out from my nook and beam when I see that it's Jackson.
"Hi!" I call, waving to him as he comes into the room.
Jackson nods around to everyone and gives Ben a warm hug before coming over to me. My heart flutters a little with anxiety because, of course, Luca Grant is sitting with me on my bed and I don't know how Jackson is going to take that. But Jackson, to my surprise, has little to no reaction - he simply nods a greeting to Luca and moves his eyes back to me.
"Showing him the pens?" he asks, because of course he already got this tutorial on Midwinter morning when I opened my new pen set.
"Yes, he's not as excited as me." My mouth twists with chagrin.
"No one is, Ariel," Jackson says, dead serious. Then he moves his eyes back to Luca, even though he still speaks to me. "Do you mind? If the two of us take a minute to chat?"
My eyes go wide because...I mean, this is entirely unprecedented.
"Are you gonna...beat each other up?" I ask, looking between the two of them.
Luca scoffs and Jackson just shakes his head, looking back at me like he thinks I'm funny. I grin, loving that, because I've never been the funny one - not with Jesse around my whole life. "Where to?" Luca says with a sigh, sitting up.
"Here is fine," Jackson says, taking a seat on the bed. Then he tilts his head towards the room, clearly implying that I should go.
I gasp, appalled. "Are you kicking me out of my own nook!?"
"We'll give it back," Jackson says, giving a little shrug, unable to help his grin.
"Don't mess it up," I say, pointing a finger at each of them in turn before standing and putting the pens back in their spot on the desk and stepping towards the moon.
"No promises," Luca murmurs, smiling at me as Jackson - to my shock - reaches out and unhooks the curtain, letting it slip closed so that they have more privacy.
I step back to the couch and sink down next to Ben, but I don't say anything. Instead I just stare, slack-jawed, at the curtain, kind of desperate to know what the hell they're saying.
"What's going on in there," Ben whispers to me as Rafe and Jesse continue to chat, sending not-too-secret glances towards the nook as they, too, clearly wonder what the hell is going on and if a fight is about to start.
###Chapter 0445
"I have no idea," I whisper back, shaking my head.
"Do you think they're making out?" he whispers to me, leaning closer. "Please tell me they're making out."
I burst into a grin and elbow him in the ribs. "Your fantasy, Ben, is not mine."
"What, you never thought about it?" he asks, grinning at me a little wickedly. "They're both your mates, you never thought about -" "Benny!" I gasp, giving him a harder shove that makes him roar with laughter. "That's gross! That's -"
But he laughs too hard for me to get anything else out and I lose it soon after, laughing along with him.
"Are you scandalizing my sister, Ben?" Rafe asks, peering at us as we continue to giggle, slumped against each other on the couch. "It's just so easy," Ben says, slipping a casual arm around my shoulders. "She's a lil innocent vanilla baby with absolutely no kinks." "Precisely as she shall stay," Rafe murmurs, giving a satisfied nod and glancing again towards the nook, which remains enclosed. "Nah, I think baby trouble has some spice to her," Jesse says, winking at me from his spot draped across his chair, one leg over the arm. "She just needs some time to access it."
"Well, it's not like that's going to happen anytime soon with the new sex ban," I say, pouting and leaning against the arm of the couch.
"Wait, what's this?" Ben asks, delighted and scandalized at once, sitting up straight to look at me. "A new development?"
I groan, tucking my face into my hands, wondering how the hell he doesn't know about this already - he was there that day, after all - did no one tell him? Jesse quickly fills Ben in as I blush scarlet, but the boys generously give me my space until I again collect my equanimity. This lasts quite well until the curtain to the nook finally opens and Luca and Jackson come out, each looking a little tired but certainly unscathed.
Ben leans close to me, about to make a crack, but I whip a finger up and point it right into his face. "Be careful about your jokes, Benny," I whisper, "because someone has a new development as well, and if you push me too far I might spill it to Jesse, which will result in life-long torture."
Ben freezes and then it's his turn to blush as he laughs. "Peace, then," he says, lifting his hands into the air. "Peace - stalemate - whatever you want to call it."
"Accepted," I say, offering my hand, which he shakes as Luca sits down on Ben's other side and Jackson takes a spot on the floor next to me. "But don't think we're done talking about it."
Ben gives me a little nod and a smirk and I can tell that he's desperate to talk about his newfound mated-to-the-Atalaxian situation too - and probably glad to have someone to talk to about it. My heart twists as I realize how much this must have been weighing on him. "Talking about what?" Jackson asks, looking up at me.
"Nothing, Jackson," I say, giving him a warm smile.
Jackson flicks his eyes to Ben and then narrows them at me, clearly wanting to know. But when I laugh and just shake my head, he shrugs and gives in.
"So, we're all good here?" Rafe says, looking between Luca and Jackson, his voice surprised. "No...shifting into our wolves? No brawls?"
"Nah, we're good," Luca says, turning his head to beam at me. I smile back, genuinely pleased.
"Boooo," Jesse says with a groan, tilting his head back dramatically. "You three were the only entertaining thing we had going on. What the hell are we going to do for drama anymore?"
"Hi!" a voice calls from the door, and we all turn and let out a collective shout of greeting when we see that it's Daphne standing there, a basket full of baked goods in her hands.
I get up and dash to my friend, wrapping her in a warm hug that she returns, both of us effusively expressing how much we missed each other in the past two days. We both laugh as I wrap my arm around her waist and escort her into the room, where both Rafe and Jesse stand side-by-side, waiting to greet her. And as she moves forward, hugging each in turn...
I grin, suddenly having my answer about where we're getting our drama this semester.
"It's going to be so good," Ben whispers when I sit back down next to him, giving me a cheeky grin, clearly coming to the same conclusion as me.
"I know," I whisper back with a little squeak.
"What's going to be good?" Jackson asks, frowning up at us again.
"Nothing!" I say again, giving him a happy grin.
"You two and your secrets," he sighs, throwing his hands up. "I'm done with it."
"He's lying," Ben mouths to me and I burst into laughter - because he's totally right.
###Chapter 0446
We have a really nice evening, especially when the food comes and then we get to share in on the muffins that Daphne's mother sent along as a gift, but even despite that I think all of our eyes are on the clock. Tomorrow everything starts again, after all, and we're all
anxious to make a good start. We end the evening earlier than we usually do.
Daphne is the first to leave, making her excuses about having a ton of sewing to get started on in the morning, and we all bid very sorrowful goodbyes that she laughs off cheerfully, reminding us that while we have a workout in the morning she just gets to get up and have coffee and start sewing. Ben and Luca stay a little longer, but they bow out soon after. After I give Ben his kiss goodbye on the cheek and wave him away down the hall, I take both of Luca's hands in mine and lean back against the wall of the stone corridor, looking up at him. "So, what was that all about?" I ask, a little smirk on my lips.
"What was what all about?" Luca asks, blinking innocently and playing dumb.
I just narrow my eyes. "Your secret rendezvous with Jackson. Ben thinks you two were kissing, by the way."
Luca laughs and then strokes my cheek with his thumb. "Look at you, Princess," he murmurs, "practicing one whole hour of restraint in not asking that question." He steps close to me and presses a hand to the wall above my head, leaning in and looking down at me, just a bit. I bite my lip as I look up at him, thinking that he is...just a little too good looking in this little moment. My wolf agrees, giving a sharp howl and hopping around in an eager circle.
"Yes, I am a paradigm of self control," I reply, immediately belying my words by putting my hands on his hips and tugging him closer, a little shiver of delight running through me when his body presses against mine. "Now tell me - what happened between you and Jackson in the nook?"
Luca shrugs. "Nothing much. Just...established some ground rules between each other for how to behave. No beheadings, reduced frequency of insults. Rules of war. That sort of thing."
"Really?" I ask, legitimately surprised. "So mature."
"New man," he says, gesturing towards himself with his free hand before slipping it behind my neck and cradling my head. "Now, do I get a kiss goodnight? Or have we all grown so chaste that even that is forbidden?"
I laugh and tilt my head back, standing on my toes a bit, and Luca dips his head and presses his lips to mine. My body sings, my wolf prancing, to feel his mouth again on my own. I kiss him slowly and deeply, relishing it, pleased that things are more normal between us again. It ends to soon, if you ask me.
"I'll see you at breakfast?" he murmurs, so close that I can feel his words as breath.
I smile and nod, allowing my feet to fall flat again. "I'll bring you some of the pens," I whisper, grinning eagerly up at him and making him laugh. Luca kisses me swiftly one last time and then starts down the hall. I call him a goodnight and then move back into the room, where Rafe and Jesse are cleaning up the plates from dinner and carrying everything to the dumbwaiter. Jackson helps too, clearly doing my share of the work. "Thank you," I say, laughing a little and working to take the plates out of his hand. "No, I can do this -"
"It's fine, Ariel," he says, laughing lightly and grinning down at me. I sigh, feeling lazy about letting the boys do the work - but honestly it all goes by so quick between the three of them that there's not much more for me to do. I slip into my nook, pulling out my pajamas for the evening, my ears trained for Jackson's footsteps because I know that he will not leave without saying goodnight. When he comes over, I toss the pajamas on to the bed and take a step out of the nook.
"Ready to sleep?" I ask Jackson, reaching my arms up towards him. Instantly understanding, Jackson dips low so that my arms easily clasp around his neck as he picks me up, the arm around my back pulling me warm to his chest as he presses a kiss to my cheek. "Yes," he says, giving a happy sigh and smiling up into my face, his dark blue eyes shining. "I'm tired - it's been a long day."
###Chapter 0447
"I know," I murmur, remembering the stressful meeting. "But I'm glad you're here. And I'm glad that you and Luca...worked things out, or whatever."
"We couldn't keep going the way things were," Jackson says, shaking his head at me sadly. "Our little timeshare will solve a lot."
"Timeshare?" I ask, confused, frowning.
"Oh, he didn't tell you?" Jackson asks, glancing towards the door as if Luca will still be there.
I shake my head no, wanting more information. Jackson nods and puts me down on my feet, clearly implying that it will take a minute to fill me in and he might as well put me down while he does it. "Okay, goodnight, Jacks!" Jesse says, waving to him and heading for the bathroom.
"Yeah, goodnight!" Rafe calls from the side of the room where his bed is, where he tugs off his shirt, ready to change into his pajamas himself. "We'll see you in the morning, man!"
"Yup, you sleep well too, Rafe!" Jackson calls over to him.
And then to my shock Jackson gives a tired little sigh and grips his shirt with both hands, pulling it off in one smooth move.
My mouth drops open and Jesse stops in his tracks, almost stumbling over his feet as he reaches for the bathroom door.
"What..." Jesse says, staring at Jackson for a long moment and then at me. "What is happening here?"
"Huh?" Jackson asks, turning towards Jesse with a frown.
"What...why are you...disrobing?" Jesse asks, gesturing towards Jackson's half-naked form.
"Oh," Jackson says, looking down at himself with a frown. "Well, this is how I sleep."
A slow grin starts to spread over my face as I start to figure it out.
Rafe's footsteps echo in the room as he slowly walks over to us. "No, no," he says softly, like he's trying very hard to come up with an explanation for this that is not the obvious one. "I need answers too. Why, again, are you...preparing for bed in our room?" "Oh," Jackson says, turning to look between my brother and my cousin. "Because I sleep here now." Jackson casts a hand out towards my bed in the nook as I press my hands together behind my back and work very hard to not grin.
Jesse breaks into appalled laugher as Rafe just gapes at Jackson. But Jackson does nothing, just looks between them, confused in turn.
"Jackson," Rafe says, stepping forward and clapping a hand on Jackson's bare shoulder. "I love you, man, but you do not sleep here now." "Yes, I do," Jackson says, stating it like it's a fact as he stares at my brother.
"No!" Jesse says, striding over, vehemently shaking his head. "You do not!"
"Okay," Jackson says, a little awkward now, glancing at me. "I mean, I didn't think you wanted Ariel to sleep anywhere but this room, but...I guess we can go downstairs to mine - the bed's smaller, but we'll manage -" "WHAT is happening!?" Rafe shouts, casting his hands out, a little panicked now. "Nothing has changed! Ariel sleeps here! You sleep downstairs! I...this is how it is! These are the sleeping arrangements!"
"Oh," Jackson says, nodding like he finally gets it. "Well, no, that's changed now. I sleep where Ariel sleeps," he says, pointing at me like this is the great clarification that will solve all of the problems. "What!?" Jesse gasps, scandalized.
"Um," I say, my voice high and ringing as I step forward, hoping to make this a little easier. "We kind of got in the habit of it over Midwinter. We haven't spent a night apart since...well, since the night of Luca's fight." Jesse guffaws and stares between us as Rafe goes pale.
"Seriously!?" Jesse sputters, "even after the whole sex ban, you guys just...ignored it!?"
"No, it's not like that," Jackson says fast, frowning at Jesse like he's making this dirty when it's really not. "We just like to...sleep together. To be together when we're asleep. It's..." he shrugs, "it's really nice. I sleep way better than I did before. Plus, I know she's always protected."
I nod eagerly, looking at my brother and my cousin, desperately excited at the prospect that Jackson could start sleeping here but trying very, very hard to be cool about it.
Obviously, I fail, and Rafe scowls just stares at me, livid.
###Chapter 0448
"Absolutely not," Rafe growls, looking between me and Jackson. "This is ridiculous - Jackson, you can sleep in your own damn bed -"
"Again, I'm fine with that," Jackson cuts in, I think starting to get frustrated. "But Ariel would be coming with me."
All three boys look to me and I only hesitate for half a second before stepping close to Jackson's side.
"I would," I say, nodding. Because, I mean, I too had assumed that we would be sleeping separately while at school - but now that Jackson has suggested it? I really can't imagine any other way. "Are you serious, Ariel?" Jesse gasps.
"I am," I say, nodding and holding his gaze and then Rafe's. "If you two are strident about not letting Jackson sleep here, I'll go with him."
"It's not safe!" Rafe snaps.
"Seriously, you think Jackson can't protect me? Behind a locked door?"
"But the secrecy element!" Jesse protests. "You can't sleep down there - people will see you coming and going and figure it out!"
"Which is why it makes sense for me to sleep here," Jackson says, casting out a hand. "Your hall is mostly empty - mine is full all the time."
"Absolutely not, Ariel," Rafe snarls, stepping towards me with a growl. "If you go down there I will just carry you back upstairs!"
"And he will carry me back down!" I shout, frowning at my brother and stepping towards him in turn. "Don't you try to intimidate me, Rafe Sinclair, you big bully-"
"I'm not being a bully!"
"You are too! I'm my own person, I can sleep where I want to! And you're being all snarly and puffed up because you think you can scare me out of it!"
Rafe pauses and steps back, realizing that I'm right that he was using his bigger size to intimidate. But he gets over his shame quick enough and groans in frustration, turning away from me and sinking his fingers into his hair, cursing under his breath as he clearly tries to figure something out. Jesse just laughs, low and derisive, shaking his head at us. "I can't believe this is happening."
But Jackson just shrugs, meeting Jesse's gaze, clearly inviting him to do something about it. Jesse just rolls his eyes, giving in.
"Fine," Rafe snaps, turning back towards us and striding back over so that he's looking Jackson right in the eye. "But I have two rules."
Jackson pauses for a moment and then nods, agreeing to hear him out.
"Hello!" I say, waving my arms in the air and standing on my toes. "I exist! I'm part of this negotiation!"
But they ignore me.
"One," Rafe growls, holding up a single finger. "Absolutely no funny business. And if that defies translation, Jackson, then use your god damn imagination. You sleep in that bed, and, at most you talk. Nothing else."
"Not a problem," Jackson says, crossing his arms. "Like I said, we just want to sleep in the same space."
"I, too, consent to this!" I shout, slapping my hands on my hips, fully realizing that they're not even bothering to pretend to listen to me.
"And two," Rafe says, putting up his second finger. "No excess noise. You snore? You talk in your sleep? You so much as creek too much in the bed and you are out!"
"Rafe you are such a hypocrite!" I exclaim, stepping forward to smack him hard on the arm. He snaps his head to me at that, finally paying attention. "Jesse snores more than anyone I've ever met and you're fine with it - you sleep like a baby! Jesse could win a medal for the sonorousness and frequency with which he snores!"
"A gold medal," Jesse qualifies, crossing his arms over his chest with a proud nod.
"Yeah," Rafe snaps at me, ignoring Jesse and not contending my point. "But I've been used to Jesse snoring since we were kids! I've acclimated! He!" Rafe gestures vehemently at Jackson now, "is new! His sound are different - they'll wake me up!" "He doesn't even snore!" I roll my eyes.
"Yes, that's her," Jackson murmurs, pointing at me.
Rafe rolls his eyes in turn, ignoring all of these points, and snaps his attention back to Jackson. "No funny business, no excess noise. And this is a probationary period," he growls. "Jesse and I both have veto power - either of us can say at any time that this is done. All right?"
I squeak with glee, all my previous rage wiped away the moment my brother gives in. I throw myself at Rafe, seeking a hug, but he just shoves me away. "I'll get you some pajamas," my brother murmurs, glaring hard as Jacks as he strides back to his side of the room.
###Chapter 0449
Jesse sighs and walks back towards the bathroom as I find my balance. "Welcome to Casa Sinclair, new roomie," he murmurs. "Good to have you here." "He's not a roomie!" Rafe calls over his shoulder, angry. "He just sleeps here!"
I squeak with joy and throw myself at Jackson next. My mate laughs and catches me, holding me to his chest as he falls back on the bed and takes me with him.
"This is the best," I whisper, a bit shrill with excitement. "When did you think of this?!"
"I didn't think of it, it's not a scheme," he murmurs, smiling up at me as he tugs my cap off and tosses it onto the desk. "It's just the way it's got to be."
"Good," I murmur, dipping my head to press a kiss to his chest. "We need to -"
"I heard a kiss! No kissing!" Rafe shouts, and then something soft hits me in the back of the head. I'm laughing even as I turn to gather up the pajamas that Rafe hurled at me. I ignore him. "Here," I say, smiling at Jacks. "These are for you."
"Thank you," he murmurs, taking the pajamas from me but immediately putting them aside as he pulls me in for a quick kiss, right on my mouth. Inside me, my wolf goes a bit jelly-legged with glee. And as I grin at my mate, I'm not sure I've ever been so excited to go to sleep.
We all take a few minutes then to get ourselves ready for bed, changing into pajamas and brushing our teeth. I even steal a quick shower, eager to get the dust of this long day off of me. By the time I get to my bed the room is already mostly dark, the only thing shining on Rafe and Jesse's side being their little reading lights as they begin to wind down their day.
I work very hard to hold back a hum of happiness as I jump into my bed, flicking my little velvet curtain off its hook as I do so that it falls shut in a soft shush of fabric. My mate is ready for me of course, snatching me out of the air in his big arms and pulling me down next to him with a soft snarl.
"Silence in there! Remember the rules!" Rafe calls, still a little mad. But Jacks and I just ignore him.
"Are you cozy?" I ask, turning on my side so that Jackson and I are laying facing each other with our stomachs touching. He has an arm around my waist, holding me tight.
"I'm fine," he murmurs, his voice a happy rumble.
"Do you..." I hesitate for a second and then sit up a little bit, peering towards the other side of the nook. "Do you even fit on this bed?"
He laughs a little and I gasp when I see that his feet do indeed hang off the end of the mattress.
"Jacks!" I hiss, appalled. "We'll have to get a new bed! But will a bigger one even fit in the nook? We have to -"
"It's fine, Ariel," he murmurs, pulling me back down to my spot with the heavy hand still on my waist. "I don't fit in any beds - I haven't since I was a kid. The first bed I've slept in in like a decade where my feet didn't hang off was the one your mother gave me." "Yeah, well," I murmur, not too happy about him potentially being uncomfortable, "she's used to accommodating giants."
Jackson laughs lightly and strokes a hand down over my still-damp hair.
"So," I say with a happy sigh, snuggling down into the mattress. "Tell me about this timeshare that you and Luca came up with."
"It's pretty simple," Jackson murmurs, and I can hear the sleep starting to sneak into his voice. "We both agreed that you've got limited free time to spend with your mates and neither of us are crazy about the idea of sharing it. So, we'll split it."
"Oh, really?" I say, my eyebrows going up and my wolf going a bit still within me, wary. "And...um. How did you decide to split up my free time, Jackson?"
"He gets dinners with the groups. I get nights."
"And did...either of you think to ask me what I think about this?" Jackson sits up a little, instantly less sleepy. "Are you...mad at us?" "Well, yeah, Jackson!" I say, casting out a frustrated hand. "Kind of!"
###Chapter 0450
"I'm sorry," Jackson says, and I can tell by his devastated tone that he means it very much. "I'm so sorry, Ariel." "Jackson," I sigh, frustrated - because it's very difficult to be angry with him when he's being so sweet. "What are you even sorry for?"
around him.
He pauses and it's instantly clear to me that he has no idea what it is that I'm mad about - he's just ready to apologize for anything. I laugh a little and so does he when he realizes what is happening. He tucks his head down against my shoulder and I wrap my arms "Please," he murmurs. "I am sorry if I've upset you - but I don't understand. Please tell me."
"It's just - it's happened twice tonight, hasn't it? And more in the past few weeks. It's like all of you boys make these decisions and strike these deals, usually with me at the center of them, and no one really asks me what I think. And sometimes I need that help - like the morning when Luca came and banged on your bedroom door and I had no idea what to do. But other times - like this decision about the timeshare? Jackson, you and Luca can't just decide how I split my time without asking me about it."
He nods, and down the bond I can see that he instantly understands and feels terrible. "We were just trying to make it easier on you," he whispers. "It's complicated - and we both get so riled when you're between us."
"I know," I sigh, stroking his hair. "But just because it's easier for you to decide without me sometimes doesn't mean you should."
"You're right," he sighs, pulling back a little to look me in the eyes. "I won't do it anymore. I promise."
"Thank you," I whisper, smiling at him and continuing to stroke his hair. Then I frown, thinking about the deal that he struck with Luca. "You're really fine with that? Just hanging out with me at night?"
"Well, I didn't quite say at night. I just said I wouldn't come to dinner and study time - that Luca could have that. Which is fine by me - I don't know how any of you get any studying done in a big group like that anyway. I know Luca just talks the whole time."
I smirk a little. "You grew up in a room full of boys too," I say quietly. "I would have thought you'd have learned how to tune them out as well."
"Yeah, but we knew how to be quiet," he says, frowning at me like it's obvious and making me laugh.
"So," I say quietly. "Luca knows that you...sleep here now?"
"Oh, no," Jackson says, laughing a little. "He never would have agreed to that."
I gasp a bit and smack him on the arm, not used to a tricky side of him. He laughs a little too, enjoying himself. "Well then what does he think 'at night' means!?"
"Probably the dream state," Jackson murmurs with a contented sigh. "Which we can use. But I'm not sure we'll need it if I get you all night, and all morning, and in magic class..." he shrugs. "I think it's fair."
I bite my lip, a little uncomfortable that Luca doesn't know that Jackson sleeps here now but...also knowing that he's going to flip out if he finds out. I sigh, wondering what the best route here is - peace or transparency?
"I'm sorry," Jackson says again, pressing a kiss to my shoulder. "I'll do whatever you want. We can talk to Luca and change the plan - we'll do anything you want."
"Oh yeah?" I say, raising my eyebrows and grinning a little at him in the dark, wicked in my own turn. "And what if I said that I wanted Luca to sleep in the nook too?"
"What?" Jackson says, pulling back a little to stare at me, appalled.
"Yeah, you know," I say, working hard not to laugh, "like, a little Ariel sandwich -"
Jackson snarls even as he sees that I'm kidding, tugging me close against him, possessive. He doesn't say a word, but his answer to that proposal is clear. I laugh, I can't help it.
Across the room, Rafe clears his throat in a loud and obvious way that lets me know we're getting a bit loud for his tastes. I glance towards him and then back to Jacks, grimacing a little. He nods, letting me know he understands too, and that it's time to settle down and get to sleep.
###Chapter 0451
"Is that really what you want?" Jackson asks, worried, his arms still tight around me like he doesn't want to let me go. "To have Luca here? Or...to spend some nights with him?"
"No," I answer instantly, and as I say it I realize with a bit of surprise that it's true that...that I really don't want to spend my nights with anyone but Jackson. Anxiety twists in me at the realization - what does that mean? Does it mean that my relationship with Luca is... less? Or...
But my wolf blatantly ignores my worry, trotting down the little bond within my soul like it's a bridge and curling up at Jackson's wolf's side. His wolf grumbles his pleasure and curls around her, tucking his nose in next to hers and wrapping his tail close so that she's nearly encircled. And I realize that...my connection to Luca aside, this is what my wolf wants, where she wants to be at night. Curled up with Jackson's wolf, safe and warm and secure.
Jackson simply nods once, accepting my answer and not pushing for anything else. Then he presses his lips to mine and curls up next to me, wrapping me up tight against him in a way that is strikingly reminiscent of our wolves.
And so I decide not to worry about it - not now, at least. Because right now everything just feels so...completely right.
Instead I close my eyes and let myself drift off, warm and comfortable and complete.
Too few hours later, the curtain to my nook rips open and the pinkish light of dawn streams in.
"Up!" Rafe barks, a little too gleeful about it. "Time to get to work, lovebirds!"
I just groan and turn my head away from my stupid brother, pressing my other cheek to Jackson's chest, over which I am - of course - sprawled.
Jackson likewise just wraps his other arm around me, not responding to Rafe.
But my brother's lack of footsteps let me know that he is still standing there. "Go away," I mumble. "I hate you. Go away."
There's a long beat of silence. "Do you guys seriously sleep like this?"
I turn my head back towards my brother with a sigh and crack an eye open. "It's more comfortable than it looks. Do you want to try it?"
Rafe just bursts into laughter as Jackson snarls, tightening his arms.
"Up!" Rafe shouts again, leaning forward to give me a hearty smack on the calf before striding towards and into the bathroom.
"I don't like this part," Jackson murmurs. "I wasn't counting on a Rafe alarm clock."
"How about a Jesse one!" Jesse shouts, moving far more quickly than anyone should at this time of the morning and leaping over us and into the nook, landing on the bed on Jackson's other side. "Jesse!" I gasp, my eyes flying open to glare at him as I sit up. "You're going to break my bed! Three wolves is too much -"
"Two point five at best, tiny cousin," Jesse says, beaming at me, wide awake.
"This is my nightmare," Jackson sighs, lifting a hand to cover his face, still not opening his eyes. "It's...it's too much chaos to wake up to."
"This is what you signed up for, roomie!" Jesse says, pitching his voice louder than necessary as I slip off of Jackson and come to rest more reasonably at his side. "Sinclair chaos at all hours." Jackson just shakes his head once, refusing this as a choice.
I sigh and press a hand to his shoulder, sitting up fully. "It's no use, Jacks," I sigh, starting to stretch. "They'll never let you sleep in. Just give in or he'll start singing."
"Which would be a blessing for you," Jesse says, prodding Jackson's shoulder. "I have an amazing voice."
Jackson just sighs and pulls his hand away from his face, opening his eyes seemingly just to glare at Jesse.
"If you can't stand the Sinclair level of chaos," Rafe says, coming out of the bathroom with his face freshly washed, his voice overly cheerful, "then maybe you shouldn't sleep here! Sinclairs only."
I sigh as I stand, glaring at my brother, who just grins at me, clearly not intending at all to make this any easier on poor Jacksson.
"Well, that's not a problem, if that's a prerequisite," Jackson murmurs, pushing himself up so his back is against the headboard. He runs a hand through his very messy hair. "I'll become a Sinclair if you want me to." Jesse and I both stare at him, baffled, and Jesse speaks for both of us when he says "wait, what?"
###Chapter 0452
Jackson blinks, clearly still working to clear the sleep away as Jesse and I peer at him from either side. "McClintock isn't a real name," he murmurs, looking between us. "We don't...have last names in the Community - they just assigned McClintock to me when they gave
me my identity paperwork, which was surely forged. The name doesn't mean anything to me."
"Wait, so," Jesse says, a devious smile curling his lips. "You're like...just Jackson? Like a pop star?"
"What?" Jackson asks, turning to him with a frown.
"Jacks," I say, a little breathless, completely captivated by the other part of his story. "Are you...do you seriously want to be a Sinclair?"
He turns his head back to me and takes a deep breath, blinking and still trying to wake up. "If you're a Sinclair then I'll be one too," he says, quite simply, holding out a hand to me. "If...that's how last names work. But I don't know how it works."
I just squeak with delight, touched to the depths of me, and I completely ignore his hand as I hurl myself back onto the bed and into his arms. Jackson laughs and catches me even if he doesn't get it doesn't understand my reaction or indeed how incredibly sweet he is by offering to give up his last name for mine - for ours, my family. Because, of course, it's usually the opposite - if he marked me and we had a mating ceremony, most people would assume that I'd become Ariel McClintock. Jackson, oblivious to all of this, just wraps me up in a hug and holds me close.
Jesse beams at Jackson too, looking between the two of us, I think as touched as I am. "Sure, buddy," Jesse says, reaching out a hand to clap Jackson warmly on the shoulder. "You can be a Sinclair if you want to. We'll be glad to have you. Honored."
"Oh god, what is this?" Rafe asks, striding over to us already dressed in his Cadet uniform. "Are you three seriously still in bed? We have a workout to run!"
"We're coming, we're coming," I sigh, untangling myself from Jacks and pressing a kiss to his gorgeous cheek as I hop out of bed. "You don't have to be all big brother about it - it will take six seconds to get ready."
"Clearly, I do have to be all big brother about it!" Rafe protests, opening his arms to the side in his frustration. "Let's go!"
Jackson just smiles as he gets out of the bed next, looking around at the three of us as I scoot off to the bathroom. "Actually," he sighs, running a hand through his hair. "I'm not sure I mind it so much. The chaos...it's not so bad."
"A true Sinclair," Jesse says, getting out of the bed last and wrapping an arm around his shoulder, beaming at Jacks.
"Wait, what?" Rafe asks, frowning between the two of them.
I just laugh and disappear into the bathroom, letting Jesse handle it.
About an hour later, I'm groaning my misery, absolutely drenched with sweat as I trail after my three gigantic Alpha trainers back into the castle.
"Would you hurry up?" Jackson asks, laughing a little as he turns to me. "Breakfast soon, and if we're late there won't be any coffee left."
"I can't," I groan, my feet literally dragging as Jesse and Rafe likewise glance over their shoulders at me, grinning at my pain. "I'm so tired - I am weak after the luxuries of Midwinter - why did you all make me run so fast so soon -"
"You have to be able to keep up, Shrimp!" Jesse calls over his shoulder as Jackson pauses for a second so that I walk at his side. When I still linger behind he wraps an arm around my shoulder, obliging me to pick up the pace, which is terrible. "He's not wrong," Jackson says, glancing down at me, clearly amused. "Having shorter legs isn't an excuse, Ari."
"Yes it is!" I protest, throwing my arms in the air. "Why am I held to a different standard!? Why do I have to move my body faster just because all of you gigantic freaks just happened to grow longer legs!?"
"Explain that on the battlefield," Jackson murmurs, ignoring my complaints and giving me absolutely no pity. "You can't fall behind just because you're pint sized."
###Chapter 0453
I scowl at my mate, and then glance down at myself as we move further into the cool darkness of the castle, making our way to the elevators that will take us back up to our rooms. "I hate that you work out with us now," I mutter. "Before, I was able to be mysterious, to
keep my weaknesses hidden -"
"No, you weren't," he murmurs calmly as the four of us step into an elevator.
My scowl deepens. "Well, at least you didn't see me all red-faced and sweaty and smelly, as well as slow and weak."
Jackson laughs, shaking his head as the elevator starts to move upward. "You're perfect, Ari," he sighs, bending his arm in half and shocking me by resting his elbow on top of my head, leaning his weight on me like an arm rest. "Perfectly scented, perfectly sized. At least for me, when I need a good leaning post."
My mouth falls open with a squeak of enraged protest as Rafe and Jesse burst into laughter. I shove Jackson away, but we're both laughing too as he stumbles a step to the side, grinning at me as he grabs me into a hug, pulling me to his side. As the door opens on Jackson's floor so he can shower and get changed in his own room, he dips his head lower to give me a kiss. Absently, naturally, I tilt my chin up-
"Whoa, whoa," Rafe says, reaching out and smacking a hand hard against Jackson's chest. "We're back at school, kids. Let's... behave ourselves."
Jackson stands straight, going a little pale as he glances into the hallway that is luckily empty. "God, I can't believe I did that," he murmurs, running a hand through his hair as he steps into the dorm hall where his room is located. "Sorry. See you all in a few."
The three of us wave to him as the doors close and the elevator moves up one more floor. "You've got to be more careful, Ari," Rafe says, giving me a stern look.
"Yeah, don't get sloppy now," Jesse says as we step out and move for the twining set of stairs that will lead us up one more floor to our room. "That's my job."
"I know, I know," I sigh, inwardly resolving to be better. "You're right - I'll remember."
My brother and cousin murmur their approval as we arrive on our floor, but we all pause with interest when we see Luca standing by our door, perfectly dressed in a Cadet uniform. Absolutely not sweaty and red-faced like me. I scowl, hating that both of my mates are getting a very non-polished view of their Princess today.
"Oh, thank god," Luca says, turning towards us with worry. "Ari, we've got to go - we've been summoned -"
"What?" I ask, moving immediately for him, Jesse and Rafe following close behind.
Luca holds out a note to me, looking anxiously towards the stairs. "Please," he says, "we're going to be late -"
Frowning, I take the note out of his hand and am surprised to see my dad's handwriting, asking Luca to collect me and come to a pre-breakfast meeting. I flip the note over, seeking more information, but it's blank.
"What's it for?" Rafe asks, looking between the two of us.
"Look, I don't know," Luca says, clearly anxious, "but can we just go? Your dad hates me enough as it is - I don't want to add tardiness to his list of dislikes -"
"He doesn't hate you, Luca," Rafe protests.
"A discussion for another time!" Luca says swiftly, taking me by the hand, "come on, Ari, let's go!"
"But I have to get changed! And a shower!"
"No time!" Luca pulls me towards the stairs.
"Bring Ari to breakfast!" Rafe calls after Luca and I groan when I realize that I'm not going to get any chance to get cleaned up today. "You're on bodyguard duty!" "Got it!" Luca calls, and then - hand in hand - we start to fly down the stairs to this mysterious meeting, apparently with my parents.
But what on earth could they want with the two of us?
###Chapter 0454
Luca and I fly through the halls of the castle and I have to laugh a little, because there's something fun and exciting about rushing around with my hand warm in my mate's. Luca, feeling it too, sends me a grin over his shoulder even as he moves fast, even as I can still feel his anxiety at facing my father again thrumming in his heart.
I send him a little pulse of love and support as we arrive at the door where our meeting is apparently going to be held and Luca, grateful, gives my hand a squeeze. We slow and Luca raises a hand to knock on the wood when suddenly it opens and, to my shock, a familiar person steps out. "Tony!" I say, my face bursting into a grin at the boy I saw every week in magic class last semester. "Hi, how are you? It's good to see you!" My heart swells with warmth to see him and, as my eyes sweep over his tall, lanky figure I'm surprised to find that I'd missed him. "Oh, hey, Ari," Tony says, giving me a distracted smile and glancing again over his shoulder. "Um, are you going in there next? Do you...did you know that the meeting is with... the King and the Queen?"
"Um," I say, giving a little shrug. "Yeah?"
He returns his eyes to me with a frown. "Oh, I forgot they're your...aunt and uncle, right?"
"Yeah," I say, a little awkwardly, reminded again that we need to bring Tony into the loop a little more. Tony returns his eyes to me and then blinks rapidly, leaning away a little as if in surprise. And then he frowns, glancing back towards the room - towards the Queen inside who looks, I'm very aware, exactly like me.
I laugh a little, seeing him put the pieces together and I quickly hope that we have time for a little chat sooner rather than later.
"Hi," Luca says, stepping forward, a little frown on his face as he drops my hand and holds his out to Tony. "I'm Luca Grant. It's nice to meet you."
"Holy shit," Tony says, focusing on Luca for the first time and reaching out to shake his hand. "What a morning for meeting celebrities. It's nice to meet you, man."
The two shake hands warmly and I frown between them. Have they really never met?
"What track are you?" Luca asks, frowning and letting his eyes drift over Tony as he slips his hands into his pockets. "How do you know Ari?"
"Um...we have...class together," Tony says, cagey, and I realize that of course Luca doesn't know about Tony being in our magic class - we agreed to keep it a secret. And as I look up at Luca with a frown I realize that...well. That he might not know...anything about any of it. I mean, he was there that day I melted the glass but...
Honestly, have we told him anything? I wrack my brain, trying to remember. I mean, I know that I promised not to tell him Jackson's magical gift but...does he even know about mine?
Feeling my hesitance and slight guilt, Luca turns to look at me with a frown.
Tony takes the opportunity to slip away. "See you in class, Ari!" he calls, waving to me. "Good luck in there!"
"Bye, Tony!" I call after him.
"What's going on?" Luca asks me, stepping closer, looking down into my face. "How do you...how do you know him? Is he espionage?"
"Um, can I tell you later?" I whisper, grimacing a little as I look up at him.
"Ari?" my dad calls from inside the room. Anxious, I glance inside, not wanting to keep him waiting. Luca sighs and gives a shrug, lifting his chin towards the room. Together, we step inside, and Luca closes the door behind us.
To my shock, my mom does not jump up to greet me immediately. Instead, she stares into space a little bit, looking shaken and worried.
###Chapter 0455
"Mom?" I ask, my voice tense, moving immediately to her side. Dad, too, looks over at mom with concern.
Mom blinks, coming back to herself, and holds out her arms to me as she stands, wrapping me in a warm hug when I come close enough. "Hi, baby," mom murmurs, holding me tight.
"Are you okay, mom?" I ask, pulling back a bit, and studying her. "What's wrong? What happened?"
"I'm all right," she says with a little sigh, glancing towards the door. "Just..."
I glance towards the door too. As Luca and my dad murmur greetings to each other, Luca reaching across the table to solidly shake his hand.
"Just what?" I ask, ignoring Luca and dad. "Was it something with Tony?"
She sighs and shakes her head - not denying it just...wanting to move on. "It's nothing, Ari - just...a strange interaction."
"What was strange about it?" I push, wanting to know.
"Just, something odd about the way my magic interacted with his," she says with a sigh, shaking her head. "Odd and...intense. I've only experienced something like it once before - my magic calling to someone else's like that - and this time it was very different. A long time ago, before you were born."
"What was odd and intense, mom?" I ask, worried.
"He was just so cold, baby," mom says, turning to me with another sigh. "He felt...god, he felt like...." She looks worriedly towards the door where tony left.
My eyes go wide as I stare at my mother's drawn face. "Like what?"
"It felt like he was...already dead..." she whispers, shaking her head.
I go completely pale. Tony - Tony feels like he's death to her? "You felt that from his magic?"
"Wait, that guy he's got magic?" Luca asks, his mouth falling open a little as he spins back towards the door.
I grimace, knowing that Luca wasn't supposed to know that. Mom sighs, realizing what she did and clearly feeling guilty about it.
"Let's move on," mom whispers, tugging on my sleeve and gesturing towards the chair next to her. "We wanted to meet with you and Luca about something else - something much better."
I nod, agreeing to move on, but instead of sitting I quickly cross to give my dad a quick hug and a kiss.
"It's a good meeting!" mom says, smiling around at all of us. "No need for all of this seriousness."
"It is serious, Ella," dad says, giving her a little frown as he returns my kiss and I move back to my chair at Luca's side.
"Yes, but it's also fun," she says with a happy sigh, giving me a smile as she folds her hands in her lap. "Spending money is always fun."
Dad sighs and pulls a little folder out of the briefcase at his side, but I can see by the smile pulling at his lips that he's not actually frustrated by mom - that he thinks she's funny and right. I beam a little, looking between them, loving their relationship, basking in the glow of it and letting it wipe away the weird thing my mom said about Tony's magic.
"All right," dad says, firmly placing the folder in front of him and looking between Luca and I. "Let's get started."
I sit up straight, prim and focused, curious and a little nervous. At my side, I can feel that Luca feels largely the same, though his curiosity is run through with a slightly desperate desire to do and say the right thing.
I reach out and take his hand under the table, wanting him to feel my support, my insistence that he doesn't need to impress my dad - that I love him no matter where he stands with my father.
Luca squeezes my palm, interlacing our fingers.
###Chapter 0456
"We're here," dad says, pulling a chic pair of reading glasses out of his pocket and slipping them onto his nose, "to talk about Ariel's finances."
Mom and I both smirk and send each other a glance, because dad looks so cute in his reading glasses. Not that we'd ever say that to him - he's far too proud of the fact that he is otherwise a gigantic and terrifying Alpha King. But still, between us, we can admit that he's sometimes also adorable. Dad sends mom a rather withering glance, probably feeling some of her emotions down their mating bond, but otherwise says nothing.
"Are you aware, Ariel?" dad says, turning his attention on me. "Of the recent...influx of cash in your account? That came from the Grant organization?"
"What?" I whisper, glancing at Luca and then reaching for the paper. My eyes go wide when I see the...seriously insane number at the top of the page. "What...what the hell is all of this!?"
"The entire amount is not from the Grant estate," dad says, leaning forward and tugging on the page so that I lay it flat on the table. "Just this amount, here." He taps at a line at the top of the grid below the summarizing information - a ridiculous line that suggests that Luca has given me... "One...one and a half million dollars?" I whisper, turning to Luca with shock. "Luca, what the hell!?"
"It's from the magazine," Luca says, looking at me evenly. "Your dad...helped me see that it belongs rightly to you. It should never have happened, Ariel, and I'm sorry that it did."
"But I told you that -"
He puts up a hand, begging me to stop. I hesitate but let my voice fade away.
"Ariel, it's your money to do with as you wish," he says quietly, glancing at my dad as if in confirmation. I look between them, realizing that that does...well, it sounds more like my dad than like Luca.
"I still want it to go to the gym," I say, a little frustrated, looking at everyone now, not just my mate. "Those were my wishes!"
"And we'll help you do it," my dad says, nodding to me evenly. "But if you want the money to go there, you should direct and send it yourself - not ask Luca to do it for you. It's your money - you should know how it operates. I realize that...in attempting to make things easy for you, Ariel, I've perhaps raised you to be less experienced with money than you should be, especially as you are a very wealthy young woman." He raises an eyebrow and nods at the page.
I look again at the...insane number at the top of it. "Is this..." I breathe, looking up at my dad again. "Is this seriously all mine?"
"That's just the money that's in your charitable account, Ariel," dad says, nodding to me. Mom works hard to fight her smile, though she's clearly very pleased to be able to give me the life and resources she never had. "There's more in other accounts for you - an account where your salary from the Academy is accruing. Accounts we've set up to secure your future - investments, cash reserves, etcetera. Money so that you can buy a house, when and if you want one. Purchase...I don't know, whatever it is that you'd like to have. But this money," he says, tapping the page, "we hope that you will direct to help others."
My lips part slightly as I stare at my parents. Because, I mean, I've always known that we as a family were rich but...me myself? On my own? With millions, apparently?
"You're growing up, trouble," mom says, giving me a happy smile. "It's time for you to start making your own decisions."
I exhale slowly, suddenly feeling the weight of it. The absolute... freedom of it, but also the responsibility that comes with it. "Why now?" I ask, still a little stunned.
"Because," dad says, moving his eyes to Luca. "I imagine that Grant gym could use the infusion of the money. And if you'd still like it to go there, you should make some decisions about its allocation quite soon."
"Well, yes," I say, sitting up straighter, looking between Luca and dad. "Send it over. Send it now."
Luca purses his lips a little, turning his head to the side. "Ariel, if you allocate this money to the gym it makes you a major investor. You would have...significant say in the future of the organization."
###Chapter 0457
My eyes go wide. "But I don't want that!"
"You should," dad says, and I whip my head back to see him studying me with a raised eyebrow. "I didn't raise my children to simply hand out millions of dollars without knowing precisely where it went, Ariel."
"It's going to Luca, dad," I say, narrowing my eyes at him and holding out my palm towards my mate. "Whom I trust."
"Actually, it wouldn't be," Luca says, and I spin my head to face him, my eyes even wider. He gives an apologetic shrug. "I have very little to do with the day-to-day running of the gym and the support of all the kids who are enrolled as charity pupils, Ariel. I mean, obviously I'm here, not there. The money would be going directly to my uncle if you simply wrote a check. And, considering..." he hesitates now, letting me fill in the blanks, knowing how I feel about his uncle at the current moment.
I scowl, leaning back against the chair and taking a deep breath, feeling underprepared for all of this.
"We're here to help you, Ariel," mom says, reaching out and running a hand up and down my arm, comforting. "Why don't you and Luca take a few days to talk? Figure out precisely how you want the money allocated and where you want it to go. Then, once you've made some decisions, Ariel, we'll hire someone who does this professionally - who can oversee the donation and really ensure that it's doing what you want it to."
"That doesn't feel fair," I say with a sigh, looking only at my mom now because she feels like the one who will understand. "I just want to help - I don't want to take over."
"It's your responsibility, darling," she says gently.
"I don't want to change Luca's vision, though," I reply, getting a little upset about it.
"It perhaps needs to change anyway," Luca says, drawing my attention to him. "The gym...it's not precisely profitable at this moment, and the infrastructure we currently have is not really prepared to handle the influx of this kind of money - my uncle is a boxer and a coach, not a businessman. Honestly, the gym could use this kind of help - could use the money, but could also use someone in charge who really knows how to spend it. I think it's right, Ariel."
I sigh, squeezing Luca's hand, feeling just how much he means that down the bond.
But I glance back towards the paper on the table. "And we're sending...all of this money?"
Dad smirks a little. "You can spend it as you wish, Ariel, but I would hope that you would allocate some funds elsewhere. There are many organizations that could use it. Or, perhaps there's a project you'd like to develop yourself for which you would reserve some funds."
I frown a little, taking another deep breath. "I don't really have time for all of this," I murmur, picking up the paper and looking it over, still baffled by the insane amount of money at my fingertips.
"You will make the time, young lady," my dad says, stern.
I look up at him and put the paper down on the table again, my spine straightening the way it always does when he speaks to me with that tone, just on the edge of scolding.
Dad shakes his head at me, slow. "Your mother is right - this is a responsibility and you are ready for it. I'm aware that you have other obligations on your time at this school, but you are a Princess of this realm, Ariel. Your people deserve some of your attention as well - you can and should make time for them. If you do not, the money will simply sit in your account waiting for you when it could be out in the world doing good."
I purse my lips a little, feeling the responsibility settle on my shoulders, feeling myself adjust to accommodate it. God, is this really what I want? More responsibility, when I'm trying to juggle two mates and my work as an espionage Cadet in a nation on the brink of war? Can...can I handle all of this at once?
###Chapter 0458
I sit for a moment, my hand in Luca's, considering my options.
Part of me wants to push back - to just tell my parents to spend the money for me as they've always done. But still another part accepts that what they're saying is right - that I've been insisting for months now that I'm not a little girl and that I should be able to make my own choices. Plus, part of me wonders...well, whether anything can be done for the people of Jackson's world, those in the Community who are suffering, or perhaps who have escaped like he has? If something can be done, and I can help it with these resources...I'll want to do that. "Okay," I say softly, and I raise my eyes to meet my parents. Dad works hard to keep his expression stern but mom gives in, beaming at me. "And...I can take a few days? To talk to Luca, and to...make some decisions together about how it should be spent?" "Yes, love," mom says, leaning forward to give my arm a fond squeeze. "We'll set up a video call for a few days from now and you can tell us what you've decided. We'll go from there."
Things move quickly after that, with my parents assuring me that they'll make some preparations on their end while Luca and I talk. And then my parents give me hugs and kisses goodbye, my mom squeezing me tight for a long moment and whispering to me to take care of myself because I'm very precious to her. I press my face to her shoulder in that moment, taking a long sniff of her scent, memorizing it. By the time she passes me on to my dad and moves to hug Luca I'm very nearly in tears, because I love them both so much - and they're so good to me - and I'm a little overwhelmed about all of this money - and I'm going to miss them -
"Ariel," my dad laughs, wrapping me up into a hug of his own. "Come on, little girl, pull yourself together - you're a Cadet, after all."
"Cadets can cry too," I mutter, burying my face in his suit jacket and getting a few tears on it.
"Apparently so," dad murmurs, dropping a kiss to my hair. "Sweet girl. I love you so much, Ariel. Keep your chin up, darling, and don't let these boys boss you around more than they ought. Don't forget that even though you look just like your mother you've got a great deal of me in your heart. Which means they should all be terrified."
I laugh and smile at my dad, loving him terribly, and then I take a deep breath and move back to Luca's side as he shakes my dad's hand, looking quite serious and I think feeling better about his position with my parents. As we leave, I can tell that things are indeed better, starting to be repaired - even if the three of them have a long way to go.
Luca drops my hand out of necessity as we step out of the door and it swings shut behind us, but I stay close by his side as we start down the hall.
"Thank you," Luca says softly, smiling down at me as we hurry off to breakfast. "For believing in the gym - for wanting to support it. It...I think it helps a lot of kids, Ariel. Does a lot of good in a small part of our world."
"I genuinely believe in it, Luc," I say, smiling at him and bumping my shoulder into him as we go. "I'm not just sending the money because I have a crush on you."
He laughs, his head tilting back a little as he slips an arm around my shoulders. "Yeah, but it doesn't hurt that I'm so pretty, does it?" he asks, grinning.
"Nooo it does not," I say on a happy sigh. We walk quickly towards the hall where breakfast is served, but Luca goes suspiciously silent. "What?" I ask, glancing up at him. "What's wrong?"
He frowns at me, clearly deciding whether or not to ask. But I roll my eyes at him and give him a sharp nudge down the bond that makes him grin and then speak. "How do you...know that Tony guy, Ariel?" he asks. "And what's all of this talk about...magic?" I grimace a bit, realizing that we're on shaky ground as I've promised people - Jackson, specifically - to keep their secrets.
"Let me talk to the others," I say quietly, my expression pleading. "I'm...not sure how much I can say."
"So...there's some great secret amongst the rest of you that I don't know?"
"I mean, you know I'm magic, right?" I say, raising my eyebrows at him. "That I can like...melt glass?"
His eyes go a bit wide as his steps stumble. "Wait, you did that?" he says, staring at me. "That day in your bed, with the marble? H-how?"
###Chapter 0459
"With my mind," I say, raising my hands to my temple and narrowing my eyes, working hard for a joke that doesn't land.
Luca just stares at me and goes a little pale.
"And I can light things on fire," I say, giving a shrug as I sigh.
"With your mind?" he whispers, still staring at me, his pace slowing.
"Kinda," I say, shrugging and looking anxiously down the hall towards breakfast, where everyone is waiting. "I mean, with my magic, it doesn't feel like I do it with my mind. It comes from somewhere else." "And... Tony does that too?" Luca asks, beginning to walk with me again as he adjusts to the information even though I can see and feel that he's a little freaked out.
"I've made some promises," I say quietly, my eyes begging him for patience. "I'll...ask if I can tell you. But I won't break people's trust if they don't want me to."
Luca nods to me, but I can tell he feels left out and betrayed.
"I'm sorry," I say, shaking my head as we come to the doors of the hall, not pushing them open yet. "You know I would have told you, right? If it was just me? But...it's not just my secret to hold."
His mouth twists a little in disappointment but he nods. "I get it," he says with a sigh. "But...try to convince them, all right? I'd be more comfortable if I knew what was going on."
I smile at my mate and nod as we press into the breakfast room, obviously arriving quite late. A grin breaks out onto my face, though, as I see that our group is already arranged around our usual table, and that Jackson is there too, waiting for us. I quicken my pace, eager to see everyone as well as to eat.
"So, are you like...all magic?" Luca asks, glancing between me and the rest of the table as he keeps pace at my side.
I laugh a little and then pitch my voice mysteriously. "I am not at liberty to disclose that information, Grant."
He just groans, tilting his head back. "Oh god, that's a yes," he mutters, making me laugh more.
"Ari!" Ben says, beaming at me and gesturing towards the empty seat next to him that has Jackson on its other side. "What the hell, man! You barely made it in time for coffee."
"I know, I know," I say with a sigh, giving Luca's arm a brief touch before I scurry to the open seat and sink into it, smiling at my friend. "Tell me you saved me a muffin, or I'll cry."
Ben laughs and moves a blueberry muffin from his plate to mine. I squeak happily, grateful and glad, and am already taking a bite as I turn to Jacks. "Hi," I say, my mouth full.
He works hard to keep from beaming at me, to maintain his Academy reputation for stoicism. "All okay?" he says, raising an eyebrow at me and starting to pour me a cup of coffee.
Beneath the table I slide my foot towards him, looping it behind his ankle and hooking it around the side, as much contact as I can get without being ridiculously obvious. "All very well, no worries," I say, quite breezy as he places my coffee in front of me.
A warm feeling blooms in me as I smile at Jackson and my wolf gives a happily little howl, her feet dancing to be near to him again. And I realize, ridiculously, that I missed him - even though I was only away for less than an hour. I pass everything that I'm feeling down the bond to Jackson in a warm swell. He can't help the smile that breaks out on his face, even as he pretends to ignore it.
But, quite secretly, he passes to me his own warm rush of happiness and affection and relief to again have me near. These emotions flood down the bond, filling me with a gust of lovely warmth so suddenly that I'm almost dizzy with it, my cheeks flushed with joy as I turn it over in my heart, relishing it, exploring it, basking in it as I sip my coffee and stare at my mate.
"Earth to Ari," Jesse says, snapping his fingers in front of my face.
I blink back to myself and refocus on my cousin, laughing a little when I realize that the nearness of Jacks actually did make me completely forget that everyone else existed. I grin and look around the table at all of my friends, everyone I love so much, who all grin at me and shake their heads at my distraction, entertained and pleased.
Well, all except for Luca, who I realize saw as much as everyone else. Quietly, he pours himself his own cup of coffee, his face pale and his jaw set, clearly working hard to contain his jealousy at my reaction to Jacks and failing...just a little bit.
###Chapter 0460
"Well," Rafe says, glancing between Luca and I and clearly intuiting that a little distraction might be necessary, "leave it to the Academy to get Ari out of bed, through a run, and then through a royal meeting before seven in the morning." I turn my attention gratefully to my brother, and he gives me a surreptitious wink. "Are you implying that I'm lazy, Rafe Sinclair?" I counter, raising my coffee to my lips and lifting a challenging eyebrow in his direction.
"Oh, I wasn't implying that, Ari," he says, training his innocent gaze on me. "I was blatantly stating it."
We all laugh at the easy joke, but it does its job, allowing conversation to restart at the table, letting us all relax a bit. Even Luca unwinds, though I think he forces himself to do it - to smile broadly and turn to Jesse next to him and start to chat about some lesson the Warrior track has going on today. I note, though, that his bond to me is closed down - perhaps for my sake.
I take a moment to register this - to note that Luca is trying. He's not having a temper tantrum, after all. It's progress, isn't it?
Next to me, Jackson gives me a nudge with his elbow. "You okay?" he asks, quiet enough that maybe only Ben hears.
"I'm great," I say, smiling up at him. Because this is it now, isn't it? My life with two mates who are both in my life and agreeing, however tacitly, to share space. There are going to be moments of tension like that and we're all just going to have to...deal with it.
Jackson just nods once and accepts my words, allowing himself to get swept up in the conversation around the table. I chat with Ben about his plans for the week and his schedule as I try to shove as much food and coffee down my throat as I can, knowing that I need it. To my joy and surprise, I discover that Ben and I have a free study period tomorrow.
"Want to go to the library?" he asks, I think as pleased as I am. "I know we won't have much to study yet, but we can scope out the best reading spots."
"Speak for yourself," I sigh, knowing that I have Chemistry this afternoon and will certainly have a pile of homework from Neumann. "But yes, library sounds amazing. Do you think..."
But I stop mid-word, my focus completely shifting as a familiar figure stands at a table across the room, a man dressed in military browns and greens standing behind him.
Jackson and Luca, feeling my shock and surprise, instantly straighten in alert, turning in the direction I'm looking.
"What?" Jesse says, noticing the change in atmosphere at the table. "What's going on?" Ben and Rafe likewise put down their forks, looking around.
Luca sees the Cadet in question first and lets out a long string of curses. Jackson is next, simply emitting a long, dangerous growl that I can feel vibrating through me. Jacks puts his hands flat on the table, clearly intending to stand up, but I whip out a hand and grab his wrist, begging him to stop.
He glances down at me, his body tensing as he wills himself to stay in his seat, as I have asked.
"Holy shit," Jesse says as his eyes focus on Alan Wright across the room. "What the...how the fuck is he still here!?"
Rafe growls as Jackson does, standing abruptly as he doesn't have me at his side to grab his wrist as I've done Jackson.
"Rafe!" I bark, and he glances over at me before returning his eyes to Alan, clearly on the verge of striding over there and using his fists to let Alan know precisely how welcome he is at this school.
"Did you guys seriously not hear?" Ben asks, looking between us. "It was...all over the halls last night."
"What was?" Luca asks, turning to Ben, his own shoulders shaking with rage to see the man who almost killed me clearly still enrolled.
"Would you all sit down?" Ben snaps, clearly focused on Rafe.
Rafe's growl intensifies but he does as Ben suggests, lowering himself to his seat and focusing on our friend.
"Honestly, you all need to take a little time to speak to people besides each other," Ben says, frowning around at us. "How can you honestly be the last people to know about this?"
"This is why you're our ambassador, Benny," Jesse says, going for levity even though I can see that his face is totally serious and very upset for my sake. "You speak to everyone else while we remain insular and aloof. Now, spill."
###Chapter 0461
completely - that there was no real proof that he shot Ari with the intent to kill."
"The committee met," Ben says, casting a hand out towards Alan as he moves towards the door followed by the man in brown, apparently wanting to get to his first class earlier than the rest of us. "They decided that the case was too inconclusive to kick Wright out "Um, hello!" I say, pointing vehemently at myself. "I am the proof! Me! I told them that he did it on purpose!"
"I know," Ben says, turning towards me with a little frown. "And for what it's worth, Ari, I think they believed you. But... technically, it was one cadet's word without another. And they did send us into the Examination with weapons in hand - people get hurt in there. The compromise was that Wright is on probation and must be guarded at all times."
"Shit," Rafe says, crossing his arms as his eyes follow Alan across the room and out the door. "Well. We'll just see how long he lasts."
"What does that mean?" I ask, leaning forward towards him, narrowing my eyes.
"It means he's a Warrior cadet, like the majority of us, Ari," Luca says, meeting my eyes with an intensity I'm not used to from him - which I've only really seen when he's boxing, if I'm being truthful. "If he's happy to use violence to take you out in Academy-approved ways, then we're going to return the favor."
"No," I snap, glaring around the table at my collection of gigantic Alpha. "None of you are risking your place here for the chance to beat the pulp out of Alan Wright."
"He's just going to hate you more now, Ari," Jackson says, looking down at me from his place at my side. "He's not going to be cowed by this - I know his type. He'll want to...complete what he started, to make his point by taking you out."
I take a deep breath, setting my shoulders as I look down at my plate, considering this point. But still, I shake my head. "I won't be part of that - I won't stoop to his level. No one makes a move against Wright unless he makes a move against me." I raise my eyes and slowly look around the table. "Am I understood?"
To my surprise, everyone just looks evenly at me. Except for Rafe, who can't help himself.
"Wouldn't you say, Ari," he counters through gritted teeth, "that shooting you in the gut with a crossbow already was the move against you?"
"The Academy made its decision to keep him," I snap, definitive. "We're not in charge, even if we are smug enough to sometimes think that we are. If he can be an asset to the war then he's staying."
Rafe looks down at his plate and clenches his teeth, but I can tell by the way he exhales slowly through his nose that he accepts my point. "Fine," he growls, unhappy. "But the moment he does, Ari..."
"You'll have to beat me to it, Rafe," Jackson says, and the slow, soft vehemence with which he speaks reminds me that my sweetheart mate is still as brutally capable of violence as we all initially assumed he was. I look up into Jackson's stark face and can't help but smile, ridiculously pleased and proud to have him on our side.
Your side, he reminds me, turning his head to look into my eyes and using words down the bond for the first time.
I break into a wild smile at the development but Jackson just smirks a little and looks away, not wanting to make another scene at the table.
"Right, so, we're all calming down now?" Ben says, looking curiously around the table and reminding us all tacitly that we're at breakfast, not on a battlefield. "We're having coffee and croissant?"
"I'm afraid time for that is up," a woman's voice says, and we all spin a bit to see a willowy dark-haired woman sauntering over to our table. "Or, at least, for Cadet Clark it is."
Each of our mouths drops open simultaneously. Because who the hell is this?
###Chapter 0462
The woman raises her chin at me and jerks it towards the door, placing her hands solidly on her hips. "Let's go, kiddo."
"Excuse me," Rafe says, his shoulders lowered in aggression as he slowly gets to his feet. "Would you like to explain who the hell you are?"
"Oh," the woman says, giving a slow and pleased smile as her eyes move to Rafe. "I wasn't aware that crown princes responded to the moniker 'kiddo." Her smile deepens as Rafe rankles. "But unfortunately, I wasn't talking to you." She moves her eyes back to me as I just...stare at her.
"Up," she says, her foot lashing out and giving my chair a kick. "Time for your lessons, Clark."
"But," I say, fumbling for my schedule. "I've got...espionage scheduled? Until chemistry this afternoon?"
"Yah," she says, her face spreading into a bright grin. "That's what I'm here for." "But-"
"Enough questions," she sighs, reaching out and wrapping a hand around my upper arm, giving me a tug that pulls me stumbling to my feet. But the moment she touches me the room splits with the sound of four vicious Alpha snarls. The woman goes quite still and just stares around at the table.
I do too, a little shocked to see Rafe, Jesse, Luca, and Jackson on their feet, each of their teeth bared. Ben just stays in his seat, staring around at the group, shocked.
"Well well," the woman says, breathy and confident even if she remains perfectly still. "Don't you have your boys trained up well."
"Hands. Off." Rafe snaps, moving around the table to glare at the woman.
She releases my arm, holding her hands up where he can see them, laughing a little and shocking me by seeming almost delighted. "Yes sir, big scary Alpha," she says, looking up at my brother through her lashes. "Although I'm kind of tempted to see what would happen if I didn't. Seems like you and I could have a great deal of fun."
"Who the hell are you?" Rafe snarls, ignoring her taunts and looming over her, clearly attempting to use his sheer physical size to scare her. A glance at the table shows that Jackson has his eyes on me, his gripping his chair so hard I'm afraid he'll snap it. Luca leans hard on his palms, so tense he looks almost ready to leap across the table.
"I'm Faiza," the woman replies, totally calm, shooting an amused glance my way as she takes a slip of paper out of her pocket.
Rafe makes a snatch for the paper and I gasp as, lightening fast, the woman moves. Honestly, I can't see her precise actions - I have no idea what she does - but suddenly she's behind Rafe, kicking out his leg so that he barks in pain as he falls to his knees -
I shout in protest as one hand suddenly fists in his hair, the piece of paper still crumpled in it, and then there's a knife at his throat -
"Stop!" I shriek, my hands going forward as I stumble desperately for my brother.
The woman ignores me as Rafe goes totally still - his hands poised out in front of him - the knife pressed tight against his Adam's apple.
The boys at the table lunge forward but I put a hand up towards them with another shriek to stop. They freeze and the woman looks up at me again with a smile.
"Tell your cousin to never, ever try again to snatch a paper from my hand," she says, slow and pleased. "It's rude."
"He can hear you," I snarl.
She laughs, grinning at me. "I suppose he can." She looks down at Rafe, turning her head consideringly. "I'm Cadet Clark's teacher, you overprotective ass. Now are you going to attack me if I let you go?"
"No," Rafe snarls through his teeth, though I can see that he hates that he's been bested.
"Good!" the woman says, standing straight and slipping her knife back to wherever she took it from, again moving so fast that I don't see it. Then she takes a step towards me as Rafe gets to his own feet, holding the paper out to me. I raise an eyebrow at her. "Am I allowed to take this?"
She smirks. "As long as you don't get snatchy." Her voice is light, playful and I admit...I can't help but be impressed.
I narrow my eyes a little and then take the paper from her. I quickly skim it and see that it is indeed paperwork hiring her for the professional tutoring of one student - Cadet Ari Clark - and signed by Professor Neumann.
###Chapter 0463
"It's legit," I say to my brother, turning so that I address the rest of the table too. "It's his signature and handwriting - I recognize it from his book and all the damning things he writes on my tests and essays." Rafe's shoulders slump a little as he turns back to the woman, as the focus of all five Alphas move towards her. "Fine. I'm coming with you."
"Oh, no you're not, you big brute," the woman says, laughing a little and boldly grabbing me again by the arm - an act that makes everyone at the table flinch in protest. She laughs and tugs me away. "This is a private lesson."
"But-"Luca says, stumbling towards us.
"It's fine!" I call over my shoulder, anxious and a little embarrassed in front of my new professor that I'm so clearly being babysat by my mates, my brother, and my cousin. Jesse, Rafe, and Luca move to follow me, only held back by a vehement shake of my head. Jackson is the only one who stands stoically, though I can see it's kind of killing him to do so. But he listens to me, giving me a single nod, letting me know that he trusts me and thinks it's all right.
I'm suddenly filled with a rush of gratitude for him, my sweet vicious mate who has utter faith in me and supports my decisions.
I shoot them all a wave over my shoulder and then turn back to the woman - to Faiza.
And I'm not surprised at all to find her smirking, her eyes already on me even as we move through a room full of people who are kind of staring at us as we go. After all, she just held a knife to the crown prince's throat. Kind of in public.
"Well guarded, aren't you?" she says, her voice a satisfied purr.
"You should be careful with them," I say, hesitant, not knowing how far to push it with this woman. "They are...not kidding when it comes to making sure that I'm safe."
"A stance which has assuredly made you weak," she says, dropping my arm immediately as we step out into the darkness of the hall. I pause a little in my steps, surprised by her words, but then I hurry to keep up.
"What? How on earth would that make me weak?" I ask, tossing a hand back towards the door to the hall. "I've got four of the most powerful Alphas in the nation ready to tear you to shreds at a single word from me!"
"Which I love for you, by the way," she says, laughing and giving me another smile as she pushes through a door that leads to a staircase that spirals downwards, towards the smaller gyms like the one where I practiced archery and sharp shooting with the Captain. "But, what happens in a situation like this? When you're all alone? Because, I mean, I could absolutely kill you right now."
I pause, going still as a streak of fear runs through me, wondering if...
"Oh, come on," she says, rolling her eyes and moving swiftly down the steps, making me trot to keep up. "If I was going to do it, it would have happened by now, and you wouldn't have seen it coming. We've got work to do."
I scowl a little, but I take her point - in the absence of all of my big defenders, I really am vulnerable.
"Is that why Neumann sent you?" I ask, following her a little more eagerly into the hall at the bottom of the stairs. "To teach me how to defend yourself?"
"Neumann sent me," Faiza says slowly, turning to me as we reach a white door and she pushes it open to reveal a tiny gym with a small man waiting inside, seated on the floor. "To transform you into the spy you're capable of being. Which," she steps closer here, peering at me and then raising a hand to pat me fondly on the cheek, "if you can command a pack of Alphas like that, even though you're barely over five feet and weaker than a kitten? I think is going to be a very interesting spy indeed."
With a dark little laugh, Faiza slips her hand from my cheek to my back and gives me a small push into the room.
###Chapter 0464
I scowl, stumbling into the tiny private gym. "I'm not weaker than a kitten," I mutter, putting my hands on my hips. "I can...do stuff."
"As eloquent as you are sturdy," Faiza says, raising a cheerful eyebrow at me. "Hey, I -"
"Look, kid," the woman says, taking a step towards me, her voice becoming softer, friendlier as she goes. "Neumann believes in you, and according to the records that the Captain showed me, you're one hell of a shot with a bow and a gun. I am here because I want to be - because I'm interested in this assignment. And trust me with what I'm charging to be here? The Academy wouldn't be footing the bill if they didn't think you were worth it. So. Go ahead and drop the whole defensive attitude."
My shoulders slump a little as I stare at this woman, having no idea how to feel. Because...I mean, did she just compliment me? After telling me how weak she thinks I am the whole way here?
I genuinely have no idea what's going on. Faiza just grins, letting me know that she knows it.
Then, she lifts her chin towards the man still sitting patiently on the floor, his eyes closed. "Say hello to your fighting instructor," she says.
"But, I thought -"
"My specialty is in other things," she interrupts, giving me a wink. "Hey, Blaze!" she says, pitching her voice louder. "Wake the hell up. Cadet's here."
Blaze cracks one eye, peering at her. "In all our years together, Faiza," he murmurs, his voice both warm and crinkly with age, "you have yet to learn the gracious art of patience."
"Yet another year I've skipped that curse," Faiza says, smiling at him fondly. He laughs a little, unable to help it, as he swiftly unfolds to his feet and turns towards me, giving me a little bow.
"Cadet Clark," the man murmurs. "I'm looking forward to working with you."
"Thank you," I say, the manners that have been drilled into me since I was a child immediately surfacing when I meet someone new, especially a professor. "It's a pleasure to meet you as well. I'm...looking forward to working with you, Professor -" He holds up a hand, shaking his head. "Not professor. Just Blaze."
I hesitate and then nod. "Then, I'm looking forward to working with you, Blaze." I hold out a hand to shake and he folds it softly in both of his own, smiling at me and then at Faiza.
"I'm looking forward to working with this one," he says, laughing a little. "It is polite."
"Yeah, well," Faiza says, crossing her arms and looking me up and down. "We can beat that out of her."
Blaze laughs a little and then drops my hand. "So!" he says, looking me up and down as he tucks his hands neatly behind his back. "You are small. Can you fight?"
"Not well," I say, observing him in turn, taking in the slight, almost bird-like set of his limbs, the way he is a bit stooped with age even though he moves very fast, just like Faiza does. "Um, my brother and my cousin have taught me what they know but...I don't have formal training in any fighting arts."
"Shame," Blaze says, slowly starting to move around me. "And are you fit?"
"Um," I repeat, giving a little shrug. "Not compared to the rest of them. But I run every morning? I think...I'm fast for my size?"
"You should be fast for all sizes," Blaze murmurs, completing his circuit and again looking me in the face.
I'm reminded, suddenly, of Jackson saying something very similar this morning, and I work hard to fight my smile at the memory of it. Blaze's eyes crinkle when he sees me smile, and I somehow get the impression that he knows precisely what I'm thinking of. Blaze gives me a steady nod. "You will continue to run in the morning with your Alphas," he says, looking pleased. "But at night - after your lessons - you will come here and train with me."
"E-every night?" I gasp, kind of appalled at the idea. "Sir, I have work to do I have to study -"
He gives a little shrug. "This is study too. Important study."
###Chapter 0465
"But -"
"No but's," he says, holding up a hand as he interrupts me. "This is your course of study. If you do not accept it, you can leave the school."
I scowl, looking over at Faiza, who shrugs, clearly inviting me to make whatever choice I want.
"But when will I study for my other courses?"
"You will find the time," Blaze says, smiling at me, looking almost fond already - and as odd as that idea is, it somehow feels quite true.
I scowl but I nod, shrugging, supposing inwardly that if it gets too much I can talk to Neumann about it. But, for now, I'll agree. "Good," he says, gesturing towards the floor. "Sit. We will begin."
I do as I'm bid, folding my legs beneath me as Faiza steps forward to stand next to Blaze, looking interestedly between them. I'm surprised to find that Faiza is a little taller than Blaze, though both are equally slim. Their clothes, however, are completely different, as Blaze seem to prefer breezy linens that hang off his body while Faiza seems to be wearing some sort of specially made pants and jacket - all black fabric that moves and stretches with her like a second skin.
"You are small," Blaze says, gesturing towards me, his eyes wrinkling with kindness as he says it. "As are we." He gestures between himself and Faiza. "But, we live in a world that tells us we are weak, that holds that only the biggest and strongest are powerful. It is not true."
"The truth is that Blaze and I could kick the asses of every single one of those boys at your table," Faiza says, a confident smirk pulling at her lips. "All at once, were we to fight together."
My eyebrows go up in disbelief but Blaze nods, confirming that it is true. "There are benefits to being small, and nimble, and graceful, and fast. We will show you."
The two turn towards each other then, each raising their hands delicately - but then, between blinks, they're moving. My mouth falls open as I watch the speed with which they move - slashing out punches and slices, dipping beneath each other's arms and rolling out of the way when a blow comes too close.
Suddenly, Faiza's knife is in one hand and with a flash of silver another appears. She slashes hard at Blaze, moving steadily towards him, but he doesn't lose his composure at all, instead moving his hands and arms so fast it's like he knows where she's coming next. I remember Luca suddenly in the ring, the grace with which he fought, with which he predicted his opponent's moves.
And excitement wells within me because - could they honestly teach me that? I thought it past me - the sort of thing that Luca only learned because he's spent the majority of his life in the ring but - Honestly, could it be real? Could I do that too?
Excitement wells within me as Blaze moves forward against Faiza, pressing her back - and then suddenly his leg moves out in an elegant sweep and knocks one of her ankles to the side. It looks so simple, next, when he smacks her shoulder with the flat of his hand, sending her to one knee in front of him.
It's only then that he produces a dagger from somewhere in his sleeve and points it almost delicately at her neck.
"Got you, little mouse," he says, smiling, not even winded.
Faiza snarls her discontent but then laughs and raises her hands, admitting defeat. Blaze steps gracefully away, turning to smile at me as Faiza regains her feet with a sigh.
"So," he says, turning his head to me, again fond. "Would you like to learn?"
"Will it really work?" I ask, leaning forward, eager. "Against an Alpha - someone much bigger than me?"
"Oh, it will work," Faiza says, crossing her arms and grinning at her power. "Not only because it uses their big meaty weight against them, but they have no idea how to defend against it."
"Deeply kept secret, this style," Blaze says, lifting a secretive finger to his lips.
I can't help it - I laugh and press my hands together eagerly. "Yes!" I say, nodding. "I want to learn!"
###Chapter 0466
"You must work very hard, little bird," Blaze says, smiling at me. "And even then, it will take time to master."
"I will," I say, nodding again. "I'll work very hard!"
"Tonight, then," he says, bobbing his head. "Here, after your Chemistry class. We will begin."
I express my thanks eagerly as I get to my feet, holding out a hand to shake Blaze's, but to my surprise he holds out his arms and wraps me in a warm hug. I laugh and return the gesture. He steps away after a moment, heading towards another door in the room, as Faiza comes to my side.
"He's cool, isn't he?" she says, looking after him, fond.
"Did he teach you?" I ask, curious.
"He still does," she says with a sigh, turning to smile at me. "You never really finish learning - not quite. Plus, obviously, he can still kick my ass as easy as breathing."
I laugh, shaking my head, hardly able to believe it. "All right, come on," Faiza says, looping her arm in mind and tugging me towards the door to the corridor. "Time for part two." "Part two?" I ask, curious because...well, honestly, because I thought that was it.
"Yup," she says, giving me a devious grin. "Evenings are for Blaze - mornings on days that you have Chemistry? Those you spend with me."
My eyes go wide because...I mean, I assumed Faiza was going to be teaching me the martial arts alongside Blaze. What else could she actually be assigned to teach me?
As we walk swiftly through the halls at the base of the castle, Faiza peppers me with questions, asking about my hobbies as a kid and what sort of things I'm good at. I tell her about my years of ballet, and etiquette classes, and how much I'm looking forward to switching that all up by becoming an expert marksman.
"All of that is good," Faiza says, pulling a key out of her pocket when we reach a rough, dark wooden door. She deftly twists the key in the lock and pushes the door open, revealing a comfortable office with a bunch of boxes inside, as-yet unpacked. "But time to get down to the really important stuff."
"Important stuff?" I ask, stepping in and sitting in a chair that she waves me to as she presses the door shut behind her.
"Yup," Faiza says, tossing herself into the armchair across from me and lounging in it with one leg over an arm, studying me from head to toe with deliberate interest as I sit across from her. "The real question is...how good are you at seducing men?"
For what feels like the thousandth time that day, my mouth falls open.
And Faiza bursts out laughing.
My throat clicks as I try to find words, just staring at her, and Faiza - still laughing - smiles so gleefully at me that her eyes crinkle into little half-moons.
"Oh man, Ariel," she says, shaking her head at me. "You are too cute - this is going to be way too easy."
"Y-you know who I am!?" I gasp, staring at her.
"Of course I do!" she says, still laughing and shaking her head at me. "If Neumann hadn't told me who you were before I got here, I'd have figured it out in an instant. You hang around Rafe Sinclair, you look identical to your mother, and you make absolutely no effort to move like a boy. Honestly, Ariel, it's a miracle you were able to fool anyone, let alone a whole school."
I blush terribly, looking down into my lap, and she clicks her tongue.
"Aw, I'm sorry," she says, and I look up when I realize that her tone is genuine. "I mean, I didn't mean to make you feel bad. You have actually done amazing here - it's just been very easy on you that apparently all the Alphas in this school are idiots who can't put two and two together."
"Not all of them," I say, my shoulders straightening as I get defensive.
"Oh yeah?" she says, the corner of her mouth quirking. "And which ones of them are clever?"
"All of my boys, as you call them," I say, leaning towards her, my eyes narrowing a bit. "Are clever."
"And which ones are...yours, Ariel?" she asks, tilting her head, her face at once gleeful and daring.
I sit up straight, realizing what she's asking. Not knowing how much to say.
"You should trust me," Faiza says, giving a half shrug. "This all goes a lot easier if there aren't any secrets between us."
"Well, that's fairly biased logic," I say, leaning back in my chair, studying her. "All you do is produce a piece of paper with my favorite professor's signature on it, show me a fancy bit of hand-to-hand, and then suddenly I spill all my secrets?"
###Chapter 0467
"So, you've got secrets then," she says, closing one eye as if doing so will help her see me better. But then she laughs, leaning forward. "I actually like that you're kind of cagey - I think it will make you a better spy. Damn," she says, shaking her head at me. "I'm really glad dad got me here. I'm going to enjoy the hell out of transforming you into an agent. And the best part is that not a single person will ever see you coming."
"Dad?" I ask, sitting up straighter in my chair, not understanding.
But the door opens again, and suddenly all of my questions are answered as Neumann steps into the room. I huff a little laugh, looking between the two of them as Neumann presses the door shut and steps to the side of Faiza's chair. Because - I mean - it's not like they look alike. But the confidence with which they move, the way they each control every room they walk into?
Damn, I should have known.
"Daughter," Neumann murmurs, bending down to press a fond kiss to her cheek. She returns it, patting him on the shoulder as she smiles up at him. "And how are introductions going?"
"Good," Faiza says, her grin deepening. "I like her. She's so cute and spunky that it's barely going to take an effort to convince everyone that she's an air head. And then no one will hide a damn thing from her. Plus, I think she's smart." Faiza turns her attention back to me, narrowing her eyes. "You're smart, right?"
"She's smart," Neumann says with a sigh, frowning down at his daughter. "And behave yourself, Faiza - you know I don't enjoy it when you're intentionally glib."
"Aw," she says, turning again to grin up at him. "Shame, then, that I do enjoy it."
Neumann's mouth twitches as he fights a smile. "Cadet," he says, turning back to me. "Faiza is tasked with teaching you everything she knows about the art of espionage which - though she seeks to hide it by being brash and arrogant - is a great deal. I've taken quite a bit of care with this one," he smooth a fond hand over her hair, even as he looks at me. "She's the best."
"I'm starting to believe it," I say quite quietly, excitement building in me.
"You have about twenty minutes," he says, glancing at the clock on the wall. "To formulate a plan with your tutor. Do attempt to use the time wisely." His voice is characteristically dry as he pats Faiza again on the head and moves back to the door. "Don't be late for chemistry. And Faiza?"
She turns to him with interest, lifting her chin.
"Don't give her any knives," he says, dry, glancing over at me. "Not yet. She's more likely to cut herself than someone else at this point."
Faiza laughs and nods as I blush, not bothering to deny it.
Neumann pulls the door shut behind him as he goes and I turn my eyes back to Faiza. "So, I guess I can trust you," I say quietly.
"Why do you say that?" she asks, peering at me again like a cat.
"Because I trust him," I say, nodding towards the door and making her smile.
"He likes you, you know," she says, quiet. I scoff a little but she just laughs and shakes her head. "I know, he keeps it close to the vest. But he wouldn't have called me in if he didn't think you were worth it. Seriously, Ariel, I think we can do...great stuff here." "Why are you so sure of that?" I ask, leaning towards her, curious.
"Why do you doubt it?" she asks, likewise leaning closer.
"I don't," I say, shrugging, confident. "I just...want to know your reasonings."
"I'm sure," she says quietly, holding my gaze, "because everyone on earth already thinks they know you, Ariel. Perfect miss Princess, prim and proper and cloistered away in a nunnery? I mean, I could have done without that stunning dress the night you decided to make your mating to the boxer perfectly clear," she says, smirking at me and making me burst into a grin. "But beyond that?"
"What do you mean?" I whisper, still not getting it.
"The media has convinced everyone on the planet that you're a cream puff, Ariel," Faiza says, her grin deepening. When my face falls she just shakes her head. "No, it's great - they think you're weak, and bubbly, and vulnerable, and sweet. You can't pay for that kind of stainless reputation. So, when we release you on an unsuspecting target? Ariel..." she shakes her head, her eagerness growing with every breath, "they're never going to see it coming."
###Chapter 0468
I sit back in my chair, staring at her, suddenly seeing the logic of this.
My entire life, I've been the perfect princess. And I never, ever considered that what I was doing could be use as a smoke screen for a second identity underneath - one that's been secretly growing since the moment I entered the Academy and which Faiza is here to help me grow. "That's right," Faiza says, her smile growing as mine does. "You're the perfect sleeper agent, Ariel Sinclair. And I'm going to have so much fun teaching you everything you need to know."
I grin at Faiza, wrinkling my nose. "I'm so excited. Can we start now?"
Faiza laughs and then groans, tilting her head back and covering her eyes. "Oh my god, that little nose wrinkle. God, I couldn't even teach you that! This is going to be so great."
I laugh, leaning back in my chair, suddenly pleased that my years of being a bubblegum sparkle princess are apparently about to pay off big time.
"Okay," Faiza says, sitting up more properly in her chair now. "I need to know what we're working with here, though. All those boys - are they even going to let you go to war? Be put in situations where your life is in danger?"
I bite my lip, looking away, considering it.
"That bad, huh?" she asks, and I look up, shrugging.
"They like me," I say, tentative, and she laughs again at this.
"Ariel, they're obsessed with you," she says, raising an eyebrow at me. "I've never seen an Alpha reaction like that. The brother I get - and the cousin, maybe..."
"Jesse and I are close," I say, defensive. "We were raised together - he was basically a brother growing up."
"All right," she says, nodding slowly. "The smaller, dark haired one I get - he didn't react as much -"
I nod, knowing she means Ben.
"And the boxer - your mate?" she asks, raising an eyebrow. "Is that true?"
I hesitate but then nod, admitting it, supposing that it's better not to lie.
"Well, that's inconvenient," she says, dry, sighing and leaning back in your chair. "Not a lot of chance he's going to let you walk into a lion's den." She frowns though, tilting her head to the side. "But what about the other one? The hot one? What's his story?" "The hot one?" I ask, my face bursting into a grin.
"The super hot one," she says, giving me a wink. "Who was about to tear the chair apart when I touched you. What's his story?"
I laugh a little, shaking my head at her. "Don't get your hopes up," I say with a sigh, shaking my head. "He's spoken for. Very spoken for." I let a little growl enter my voice the second time I say it.
Faiza just goes very still before her face bursts into a grin. "No way. Both of them?"
I shrug. "He's my mate too."
"What!?" she leans towards me like it's the most exciting thing she's heard in a year, and I laugh, a little part of me absurdly thrilled that my new tutor apparently likes to gossip as much as the rest of my family. "Well, you're a much spicier cream puff than I thought you'd be. But I thought that was...not possible?"
"The Goddess gave me two mates," I say, shrugging and raising a hand passively like I can't help it. Then, quickly, I summarize things for her - about how the Goddess is my grandmother, and how my father had two mates before me, about the mating bonds snapping into place on my first day as a candidate.
"Shit," Faiza murmurs, shaking her head at me. "I didn't realize I was getting into some divine crap here. So, playboy Luca Grant and the hot quiet one. That makes you a lucky girl but also one..." she hesitates.
"Who is going to have a hard time convincing people to let me put myself in danger?"
"You might have to trick them to make them let you go," she says, her voice challenging, like she doesn't know if I could do it.
"I won't do that," I say instantly, quietly. "Not...not to Jacks."
"To Luca?" she asks, curious.
I hesitate but then nod. "Luca can handle it, would understand eventually. Jacks -"
"The hot one," she corrects, giving me a wink and pointing her finger at me like a gun.
I laugh and nod, "sure, the hot one," I concede, rolling my yes - I mean, Luca is gorgeous too. But then I move on to the point. "But yeah he...I can't lie to him. It will break his heart."
"Well, shit, Princess," Faiza says, shaking her head at me. "Looks like you got it bad."
###Chapter 0469
"It's not like that," I say, dropping my head a little, wondering at myself. "My mates - Jackson, especially are...a benefit to me. Not a weakness. I don't need to run from them to do my job; and if I need to be separated from them for an assignment..." I shrug. "I'll make them understand."
"All right," she says, her hands going up to protest her innocence. "Your mates, your business. But, Princess, you have made one mistake."
"What?" I ask, sitting up straight, suddenly worried.
Faiza's smile grows as she winks at me and glances up at the clock on the wall. "You forgot to watch the time. And dad hates it when people are late."
I gasp, leaping to my feet. "Faiza!" I breathe, dashing immediately for the door. "How could you do that to me!?"
"Your schedule is not my problem Cadet!" she calls after me, laughing as I haul the door open and dash out of it. "See you back here the day after tomorrow, and then we'll really get started!"
I dash down the hall, moving as fast as I can, cursing under my breath even though I know that it's no good - I'm already five minutes late, which to Neumann might as well be a year. Still, I push myself faster, flying around corners until my feet are pounding down the marble hall to the chemistry room door.
I skid to a stop outside of it and then push it open, panting as I step inside.
Neumann turns towards me with a characteristic frown. Then, when he sees me panting and breathless, he just rolls his eyes and points to the desks in front of him. "Inside, Clark. And stop panting like an animal, you're embarrassing yourself."
"Yes, sir," I murmur, stepping inside and doing my best to control my breathing, wiping sweat from my brow as I slip onto a stool behind a lab table. Despite my exhaustion, shock fills me as I look over at the other desks in the room and see that there are only two other students here.
And that neither of them are my friends from the sniper unit.
Am...am I the only one that made it?
"Now that we are all here," Neumann says, drawing my attention immediately back to him when he slams a new textbook, notebook, and pen onto the desk in front of me. I jump and turn towards him, my hands immediately going to the books. "Let us begin our course for the semester."
I glance back at the two other students - both of whom sneer at me - and I sigh when I realize that they're two of the ones who protested that I shouldn't be allowed to take the final. But I sit up straighter, a bit smug when I realize that they're only two of a handful of students who made that protest - and that I kicked both of their asses on the final itself.
Letting a smirk find my lips - and letting them see it - I turn back to Neumann and pay attention.
He gets started, speaking quickly as he always does, summarizing the goals of the class this semester, which are to learn the properties of more chemical solutions - not just poisons - which will aid us in our endeavors outside of the classroom.
"I will teach you the chemical properties of these solutions," Neumann says, looking at each of us in turn. "And we will also do a great deal of work to discover where to harvest the raw materials which will allow you to create these solutions - in secret, if necessary. Then, you will each work with your individual tutors to discuss methods of delivering or otherwise utilizing these solutions that best match your personal skills."
I perk up again with interest at this, again looking over at the two other boys in the class as I realize that they, too, likely met their individual tutors this morning. God, I wonder who they are, what their styles consist of.
No matter what, though, I'm sure they're not nearly as unique or interesting as Faiza.
"Have no doubts," Neumann says on a sigh, as if he's bored, "that this semester will be as grueling as the last, even if there are no cuts at the end. No, the only way out now is death or graduation. Please," he says, looking around at us with a raised eyebrow. "Do strive for the latter. Student death takes a great deal more paperwork than signing a line on your diploma."
He turns away then, striding for the board to begin, and a smile tugs at my lips even as I open the notebook and click the pen, starting to take my notes.
Because grueling as I'm sure it will be, I honestly can't wait to get started.
###Chapter 0470
I throw open the door to our room and stumble inside, panting and exhausted and covered in sweat from my lesson with Blaze as I toss my new chemistry textbook onto a side table. "I just had the best day," I sputter out, each word seeming to come out on its own little pant.
"Ariel!" Rafe shouts, frantic, and I stand up straight when I find him barreling across the room towards me. I barely have time to squeak in surprise before he wraps me up in a tight bear hug, holding me close, his arms shaking. "Where the hell have you been!?" "At my lessons!" I protest, my words coming out all muffled against his arm. I hug my brother for a second but then push against him, confused, wanting to know what on earth is going on. But he holds me locked tight in his arms, not letting me go. "Rafe!" I gasp, shoving harder against him. "You're suffocating me!" "Good," he growls, but he lets me go when Jesse tugs hard at his arm.
I gasp a breath but barely have a moment to get it down before Jesse takes Rafe's place. "You idiot," he growls, holding me close to his chest. "Do you know what time it is!? You missed dinner! We were so fucking worried, Ariel!"
I hug Jesse back for a second, looking at the clock behind him in surprise and realizing with a little bit of horror that he's right. "Oh my god," I say, pushing back a minute. "Jess - I'm so sorry -"
But before I can get any further he's shoved away and I find myself up in Luca's arms, being carried away over to the couch. I can't help it - I laugh, even as he snarls at me.
"What, I don't get a hug?" Ben protests from his spot over by the door.
"I'm sorry, Benny!" I call to him over Luca's shoulder. "I didn't mean to worry you!"
But before I can say anything else Luca sinks down onto the couch, taking me with him, wrapping me up in his arms and settling me onto his lap. "Please don't do that again, Ariel," he sighs, resting his forehead against mine. "We were seriously flipping out - we thought... maybe Wright had gotten to you? God, we had no idea -"
"I'm sorry," I whisper, raising my hand and cupping his cheek, pressing a swift kiss to his mouth. "I really am - I lost track of time and didn't even think -"
"Well, where were you?" Rafe asks, sinking down into his arm chair and rubbing at his temple, still glaring at me. Jesse does the same, and I work hard to keep a smile from my face because honestly they look the picture of Dad and uncle Roger right now when they're pissed at one of us kids.
Quickly, I tell them all about my amazing day - about Faiza teaching me to be a spy, and Blaze teaching me to fight, and Neumann's plans to teach us all sorts of fascinating chemical compounds. Their attention is rapt through the first two things, though I think I lose them a bit on the third.
"So, you were at hand-to-hand lessons?" Jesse asks, clearly interested. "Instead of dinner? And you have to do it every night?"
"I mean, I'll eat when I come home," I say, yawning already and snuggling warmly against Luca.
"Still," Jesse says, glancing at the clock. "That is a long day. Longer than any of ours."
"I don't like it," Rafe says, shaking his head and crossing his arms. "I can't believe you walked through the castle alone today, Ariel. Twice."
"Rafe," I sigh, shaking my head at him. "You can't always be my bodyguard! Eventually, I have to be able to protect myself!"
"Yeah, and until then, someone has to protect you!" he snaps, leaning forward to glare at me.
"Oh, we'll figure it out," I say, flapping a hand dismissively at him as I tuck my head against Luca's shoulder and close my eyes for a second, letting myself rest. "Is there any food left? I'm starving."
Rafe grumbles but gets up, making me a plate of semi-cold turkey and vegetables wrapped in a piece of flatbread with a sweet and spicy sauce. When he hands it to me, I scarf it down. Luca obligingly holds my plate for me, laughing at me a little as I eat as fast as I can. "What'd you guys do all day?" I ask, my mouth a little full. I send Luca a pulse of apology down our bond for being so gross, but he just laughs and kisses me on my cheek, letting me know he doesn't care.
"Well, until we spent the past two hours worried as hell about you," Rafe says, glaring at me again as he sinks back into his seat. "We all actually had a great day."
###Chapter 0471
"Really?" I ask, perking up and looking around. "What happened?"
"We got our specializations," Ben says, beaming at me as he settles onto the couch next to Luca and I, sitting in my usual seat.
"That's amazing!" I burst out, delighted. But then I hesitate. "But also, what does that mean?"
Ben laughs at me, shaking his head. "It kind of sounds like the same as you, Ari - you got a personal tutor, but the rest of us just got sorted into smaller groups with new professors who are able to teach us according to what the Academy thinks is going to be out future jobs."
"That's so exciting," I say, my eyes going wide as I look around at them. "What did you get, Benzie?"
"I," Ben says, pressing a proud hand to his chest, "am going to be an Ambassador of the proper sort - the kind that actually goes places and negotiates man-to-man instead of one who just prepares the paperwork. They said..." he blushes here, I think a bit of unused to complimenting himself, "that they think I'm really good with people and have the right personality to get what I want without stepping on many toes."
"I think that's very true, Benny," I say, smiling proudly at my friend and slipping my foot away from Luca's lap to give him a little kick of joy. "You're going to be amazing at that."
"Thank you," he says, settling his shoulders in a very happy, prideful way.
"Mine is way cooler," Jesse says, sighing happily as he gets to his feet and reaches for my empty plate.
I hand it to him with a smile, encouraging him to continue.
"It's true," Ben says with a mock-envious sigh. "Jesse got special forces."
"Ohhh," I say, admiringly as Jesse stacks my plate on top of the others and starts to carry the whole set to the dumbwaiter. "What does that mean?"
"It means they're turning him into a little army of one," Rafe replies for Jesse, smiling proudly after our cousin. "So they can send him on very tiny missions that only one person can go on. He's got to be fast, sharp, and sly - and I think Jesse fits the bill perfectly for that." "Agreed!" I say, holding my hand up to Jesse as he comes back. He slaps it as he passes, grinning at me. "Very espionage-esq., which is the highest compliment I can give."
"A compliment I heartily accept," Jesse says, bowing before he sinks happily into his chair. "Alongside any others that you have to offer today."
"Nope, all out," I say happily, turning my attention to Rafe next, excited. "What about you?"
"I got the same as Jacks," Rafe says, smiling at me with pride. "We're both in command training so that we can help plan battles, direct the war, that sort of thing."
"What he's not telling you," Jesse says in a mock whisper, holding his hand up by the side of his mouth and pretending to tell me a great secret. "Is that they're the only two in that extremely elite category. And that they're being groomed as generals. And that it's an incredibly high honor that hardly anyone gets. And that they've never taken two Cadets in the same year before, and that no one was selected for it in the past two years of entering Cadets."
"Holy shit," I whisper, my eyes going wide as I stare at my brother, who blushes lightly. "Rafe, that's...that's a huge deal."
"No, it's not," he murmurs, looking down at his hands even though I can tell that he's proud as all hell. Pride swells in me too as I watch him - my brother who so rarely accepts a compliment or pats himself on the back, even though he works just as hard as I do. "I probably just got it because I'm the future King - they can't not give it to me."
"That's not true, Rafe," Luca says, and I look up to see him frowning at my brother. "Don't sell yourself short. Also, don't give the Captain that little credit - he's not in the business of bestowing empty graces in the middle of a war."
Rafe sighs and nods but doesn't respond. Still, I can tell that he's proud of himself. Inwardly, I resolve to find a way, soon, to let him know just how proud we all are of him too - and not just because he's a prince.
"What about you?" I ask, incredibly excited as I turn my beaming smile on Luca.
But to my surprise, he just looses a long sigh. "As-yet unsorted," he says, looking at me evenly and shaking his head.
My heart drops. Because even if I don't quite know what that means...I know by his tone, and the feelings coming down out bond, that it's not good.
###Chapter 0472
"What...what does un-sorted mean?" I ask, looking first at Luca and then a little frantically around at the rest of the boys, all of whom are equally a bit dour.
"It just means that they're deciding where Luca fits," Jesse says, giving a shrug.
"He's sugar coating it," Luca corrects, and I turn my head back to him. "It means that they don't yet see me as... fit for upper service. That I am, essentially, a high-powered grunt for now." "Luca," I say, again raising my hand to his cheek as I frown at him. "Who -"
"Those are his words," Rafe interrupts, and I turn to look at him. "And he's being way too hard on himself. Every Cadet that graduates from the Academy is elite - some are sorted into specializations, some are not. Luca, as-yet, was not. And he might later, or he might not, but it's not a poor reflection on him."
"And now Rafe's being too nice," Luca murmurs, turning back to me and I think - putting up one hell of a front to hide his disappointment. "It's all my fault. I did...kind of shitty on the finals, Ari. I think they might have failed me if it wasn't such a big deal for me to be a Cadet while I was in that boxing match. I think they kind of...pushed me through."
"Luca," I murmur, frowning at him, feeling absolutely terrible that he feels that way. "I'm sure that's not true."
"Well, either way, it's all my fault," Luca says with a sigh. "You were all here working your asses off and I was just...fooling around and napping and cracking jokes. Riding my laurels."
"That's not true!" I protest. "You studied!"
"He could have studied harder," Ben says, and I turn sharply around to glare at him. He holds up his hands. "Look, the truth is somewhere between all of it, Ari - and you're not doing him any favors by fawning over him and telling him how great he was and it was not his fault. Luca didn't study - he could have tried harder. And if he does, he'll see results." Ben peers around me to look Luca in the eye now. "None of us think you're stupid, Luca. And while that's a good thing, it does mean you have to try."
"I know," Luca says, and I turn back to him with a sigh because...well. Because Ben is right.
"I believe in you," I say, snuggling closer to my mate and pressing a quick kiss to his mouth as the other boys turn towards each other and start to talk, giving us a moment of privacy. "You know that, right?"
"I know it," Luca says, giving me a small smile. "So. How about you show me those pens again? Maybe your color coding system can actually help me this time around."
I burst into a grin, incredibly excited.
The night passes faster than it usually does, probably because I came to dinner so late. And it feels, a bit, like I glance at the door every half hour, because that's where my wolf's attention turns, even as I sit close to Luca. She looses a tiny little howl at one point, calling to Jackson's wolf, telling him to come. But, of course, he doesn't, and my wolf and I are both a bit miserable about it.
I hide this as best I can, though, and barely an hour later I'm yawning every few minutes, thinking eagerly of my bed.
"Come on, Luc," Ben says, standing up from the couch and stretching his arms over his head. "Walk me downstairs so you can pick me up if I fall asleep on the steps."
"You got it, Benny. I'll throw you over my shoulder like the sack of potatoes you are," Luca murmurs, giving me a kiss on the cheek as he stands up. "See you at breakfast?" he asks, squeezing my hand and giving me a small, happy smile.
"Of course," I reply, beaming back at him. "But please return the property you have stolen before you go," I say, holding out an open palm.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Luca replies, far too innocent and pressing a hand to his chest.
"Green and pink," I say, holding my hand higher up, insistent. "Honestly, Luca, those colors don't even make any sense together - what one earth are you trying to make note of -"
But Luca just bursts out laughing and pulls the pens from his pocket, slipping them into my hand. "I wasn't going to keep them," he says, sly. "Just trying to see how much of your espionage training was paying off."
###Chapter 0473
"Oh, I don't need espionage training to notice when my prized possessions are missing," I say, yawning and letting myself flop down on the couch pillows. "I grew up with Jesse. He stole everything. All of my toys." "Lies!" Jesse calls from across the room. "...I only took the little ponies. The ones with the fancy hair."
Luca laughs too and leans down to press another kiss to my mouth - a nice, lingering one- and then he and Benny are gone, off to bed.
I haul myself up off the couch with a groan and flop over to the bathroom, getting myself ready for bed and giving my teeth a good scrub. I stare at the shower for a long moment, contemplating it, wondering if I have the energy or can just be smelly for a night when a familiar scent wafts in the door.
I laugh in delight, quickly rinsing my mouth, and then I'm dashing out the bathroom door and jumping immediately into Jackson's arms.
"How did you know!?" I ask, laughing, holding him close and then pulling away to peer into his beautiful face. "How are you here three minutes after Luca left!?"
"Because someone's little wolf was howling for mine all night," Jackson growls happily, lifting his face to nudge my nose with his. "And when she finally stopped, I knew it was time to come up." I start to laugh, but Jackson silences me by planting a firm kiss on my mouth. A little moan slips from me as I kiss Jackson back, a little more deeply than I usually would in front of my brother and my cousin, not really able to help it.
"Enough of that," Rafe growls, smacking me on the arm as he passes me for his turn in the bathroom.
I grin and pull my face away from Jackson but otherwise ignore Rafe. "I'm glad you came up so fast," I whisper. "I missed you."
"Did you think I was going to waste a second of my allotted time?" Jackson murmurs, carrying me over to the nook and falling backward onto my poor little bed, which groans mournfully under our combined weight.
I laugh and shake my head at him, laying over his chest and beaming down into his face. "I heard you got the command specialization," I whisper, thrilled. "I'm so proud of you, Jacks."
"Thank you," he murmurs, and I can tell by the swell of pride that comes down our bond that he's happy about it too. He traces the length of my spine and then his fingers make quick work of my uniform where it's tucked into my pants, pulling it free and then slipping his hand beneath so his palm lays flat on my skin.
I groan a little at how good it feels to have Jackson's skin again against mine, dipping my head so that my forehead rests against his chest.
God, how can I have gone all day without this? Jackson near me - it feels so essential, like...breath, or water. He pulls my cap from my head before he wraps his arms around me, pressing a kiss to my hair. "I know," he murmurs. "I missed you too."
"I have so much to tell you," I sigh sleepily, already feeling myself drift off.
"Go to sleep," he says quietly, calmly. "I'll meet you there."
I look up at him, fighting the way that my eyelids want to drift shut. "You just got here. You aren't even ready for bed."
"Neither are you," he reminds me, laughing a little as he tugs on my uniform top for emphasis - a fabric which is certainly not pajama material.
I laugh but then sigh and roll myself away from Jackson's body, giving him a little shove towards the room. "Oh, go be polite and say hello to Jesse - he'll cry if you don't. And brush your teeth and get ready for sleep," I cuddle up in my blankets, telling myself I just need a minute to rest and then I'll put my pajamas on. "I'll stay awake until you get back."
"Okay," Jackson says, pressing a kiss to my cheek and doing as I bid, slipping off the bed and going into the room to do...whatever the hell he does.
Unfortunately, by the time he gets back, he has figured out that I've told a lie.
Because by the time Jackson slips back into bed with me, dressed for sleep in his in his pajama pants, and wraps me up in his arms? I'm fast, fast asleep.
###Chapter 0474
When I open my eyes, I am indeed still wrapped up in Jackson's arms.
But we're not in my little private nook at the academy - we're sitting on a cliff's edge, looking out over a moonlit sea. "It's cool here," Jackson murmurs, looking appreciatively out over the scenery. "We've only ever come here as our wolves before." "Oh noooo," I groan, pounding my fists once against his chest. "We fell asleep! Jacks! I'm so sorry!"
"Why?" he asks, peering down at me and laughing. "What's the big deal?"
"The big deal," I say, frowning up at him, "is that we didn't get any time together. It's crap, Jacks - I want to see you, to...be around you. And not just when we're unconscious or running or at breakfast."
"Well, this is pretty good, isn't it?" he asks, smiling at me, the cool breeze ruffling his hair.
I sigh, looking around. "Yeah, it's pretty great," I say with a sigh. "But I want you in person too."
"Okay," he says with a little sigh. "But how do we manage that?"
"Jacks," I say, realizing the answer as soon as he asks the question. "I want you to come to study time. And to dinner. I...want you to be a part of the group. It sucked without you there," I say, completely honest, letting him feel it. "I missed you the whole time." He raises his brows at me, hesitant. "But, Luca..."
"Luca doesn't get the whole evening just because you get 'nights,"" I say, shaking my head. "You're part of the group. And you don't have to come all the time if you feel like you can't study there. But, Jacks..." I shake my head. "He can't forbid you. I want you to come. This is...this is your family."
Jackson grits his teeth against the sheer emotion that floods him when I say that, wanting to pay attention to the conversation at hand even though he's a little swept away by the idea that he has a family now - and that we acknowledge him as such. And I know, instantly, that he gives in. "All right, Ariel. I'll come."
"Good," I say, snuggling warm against him. "And I'll deal with Luca this time. We'll just have to...figure it out."
"Okay," Jackson says on a simple sigh, pressing a kiss to my hair, accepting it and - I think - deep down happy and relieved. Because he wanted to be at dinner too - I could feel his wolf wanting to be near mine, even if he wasn't quite so vocal about it. And it means the world to him to have me insist that he belongs as well.
"So," I say, cuddling up at my mate's side, happy and content and peaceful as I look around at the beautiful dark cliffside around me, marveling in its beauty. "What do you want to do? Should we like...shift and go for a run?"
"Nah," Jackson says, dead casual, the wind riffling through his hair as he likewise takes in the scenery. "Let's just make out."
I burst instantly into laughter, tucking myself closer against him, and Jackson grins and looks down at me.
"What?" he asks, and I beam at the sight of his beautiful smile. "What's so funny about that?"
"Nothing!" I say, wrapping my fists into the fabric of his shirt and pulling him a bit closer. "I'm game! I just thought that you were Mr. Let's-Take-it-Slow."
"This is taking it slow," he growls, turning slightly so that he bends me backwards towards the ground, angling his body above mine. "Trust me, Ariel, if we were doing the things that run through my mind most of the time, I would not be earning that title."
As he speaks his voice deepens, hitting that low register that makes my eyes drift half shut, makes my blood race through my veins. "Things like what?" I murmur, wrapping one leg around the back of his, pulling him further on top of me.
"Indecent things," he murmurs, dropping his head to trail his nose along the length of my neck, following it up with a line of serious, intent kisses - each slow and rich, like he's tasting my skin, learning it. Shivers run through me and a little hitched noise escapes from my throat.
Jackson bares his teeth when he hears it, pressing them lightly against my skin.
I shudder, hard.
He lifts his head, looking into my face, and I whine pathetically. "Why did you stop?"
"Because," he murmurs. "I want to look at you."
I stare back at him, at my perfect, brutal mate. At the harsh lines of his face, the softness of his mouth, the stunning blue clarity of his eyes. And as I stare I realize that...I'm never going to get enough of the sight of him - of the strange mismatch of features that blend together to create someone so complex, so stunning. So...fucking perfect.
"You're very beautiful," I whisper, my hand drifting up to touch him almost reverently, tracing my fingers across his lips.
A soft smirk takes his mouth. "Yeah, well. Wait till you see me naked."
I burst out laughing, my head tilting backwards even as it rests against the pillow of his arm. "Listen, I've been trying!" I say, my whole body shaking with laughter that's echoed in his own. "You're the one holding out on me!"
###Chapter 0475
"Gotta save some things for later," he murmurs as I lift my head to look at him again, but then he smiles and dips his mouth lower, pressing a kiss at the hollow of my throat. "I've only known you're a girl for like, two? Three weeks? It would be cruel of me to show you all the goods so soon- give you nothing to look forward to."
"How are you so sure I'll like these goods?" I murmur, running my hands through his hair, liking this playful side of my serious mate.
"I have documented evidence of how good looking I am now," he says, raising lazy eyes again to mine. "The magazine suggested that women will be sliding into my DM's the moment they figure out how to find me. It would be an insult to my fan base," his mouth twitches in humor here, "to assume that they are wrong and that I'm not stunning from head to toe."
I squeak in protest at the idea of Jackson's apparently rampant fan base, even if I can't blame them. Because they are right - he is gorgeous, and would look stunning naked - but what they don't know is that he's mine, all mine. And I'm not going to let them place a single hand on him. Inwardly, my little wolf growls at the thought, her lips pulling back to bare her sharp fangs.
Jackson smiles as he feels all of this come down the bond. "I like you jealous," he murmurs, sliding his hand down my body and wrapping it tight around the back of my thigh, using his grip to wrap my leg up and over his hip so that leg curves around his back. "I'm going to have to get one of these DM's to keep this going."
I laugh a little, even as I tighten my fingers in his hair. "You don't even know what that is."
"Whatever," he murmurs, confident, dropping his head so his lips brush against mine. "I'll figure it out."
I'm about to protest that he damn well won't if I have anything to say about it, but he silences me with his mouth on mine - impatient and hungry. I moan as I pull him tighter against me, my mouth opening to him, his tongue pressing against mine as he kisses me in that way that makes my mind go blank.
Blissfully blank, without thoughts or worries about school or war. Just wrapped up in my Jacks - who at this moment feels like my entire world.
The next morning, I'm awoken by a little kiss on my cheek, just next to my ear.
And even though it's perhaps the sweetest way I've ever been woken...
I still groan, and turn my face away, and wrinkle up my nose in distaste. "No," I grumble, pressing my cheek more fully into Jackson's chest, my body aching with all the work I made it do yesterday. "I'm too tired. I quit life. Let's just go back to sleep and make out more on the cliff."
Jackson laughs a little, wrapping his arms tight around me as he takes a deep, full breath. "We have to get up. We have lessons. Responsibilities."
"I quit those too," I snap sleepily, letting my head loll dramatically to the side. "I want to go back to being a bubblegum princess. I just want to sit in the palace and eat bonbons."
"Your mother will send you bonbons here - whatever those are," Jackson murmurs, slipping a hand behind my head and cradling it in his palm, lifting it slightly so that he can look into my face. "Besides, I don't buy your whole lazy act. As soon as you shake this sleep off, you're going to be excited about your day. Come on, Clark. School awaits. You like school."
I sigh, fighting a smile, wanting to indulge in a little more petulance. But he grins at me, and I can't help grinning back. I laugh a little, smacking him on the chest. "Stop knowing me so well and throwing it in my face when I want to indulge in a little healthy self-pity. Besides, I am not excited about the running part, where you three torture me. Can we skip that?"
"No," Jackson murmurs, pulling me forward for a swift morning kiss before rolling me off his chest, onto the bed, and giving me a swift smack on the ass. "You need to get faster! Let's go! Up and at 'em, Princess Sinclair!"
And then, demonstrating more alacrity than is proper in the morning, Jackson swings himself out of bed in a single movement and pulls the curtain open, calling morning greetings to Rafe and Jesse as I shriek and hide myself from the sudden influx of morning light. "You up, Shrimpy?" Jesse asks, coming over to grin at me as Jackson strides away to the bathroom.
"I changed my mind," I murmur into the pillows, casting out a hand and pointing in the direction where I think Jackson has gone. "He can't sleep here anymore. He's too optimistic in the morning - it's forbidden."
"Too late, cousin!" Jesse says, yanking my blanket away and making me shriek again. "I think he fits in just fine!"
###Chapter 0476
The run is as grueling as I knew it would be, with Rafe, Jesse, and Jackson each taking turns to backtrack and run at my heels, forcing me to pick up speed or get trampled down by their gigantic feet.
By the end of it, I'm bending over with my hands on my knees, my head hanging, trying to catch my breath while the three of them chat casually about their plans for the day.
"Come on, little man," Rafe says, clapping me on the back and making me stumble a few steps forward. "You smell terrible. Let's get you showered before breakfast." He just grins when I straighten up and glare at him.
I scowl, following along with them, but glance anxiously up at Jackson when he drapes a casual arm around my shoulder. "Do I really smell?"
"It's a nice musk," he says, giving me a sad smile that breaks into a laughing grin as I tilt my head back and groan with embarrassment. Together, the four of us hurry back to the rooms to clean up before breakfast.
Breakfast passes quickly as we fall easily back into the rhythms of the school. Ben and I sit on either side of Luca, giving him some tips about how to pay attention in lessons when things get particularly boring - something he's apparently never tried before - but before I know it, we're slugging down the rest of our coffee as we stand, Ben and I still planning to head for the library for our free study period.
"Remember," Rafe says, stepping close to Ben and pointing a finger in his face. "You're on bodyguard duty now and when you walk him to class. If Ari even -"
"Oh, enough," Ben says, rolling his eyes at Rafe and ducking under the finger as he heads for the door. "We've survived this long, I'm sure we can make it out of the library alive." I laugh and hurry to keep up with Ben, waving over my shoulder at my brother, my cousin, and my mates, who all wave back.
"Finally," Ben murmurs, tossing me a grin as we start for the elevators that will take up to the library on the top floor. "An Alpha-free moment."
"Oh, you're an Alpha too, Benny," I say with a happy sigh. "Plus, they're not so bad." We step into the elevator and begin to move swiftly upwards.
"Because you're inured to the presence of two of them, and making out with the others," Ben says, dry, shooting me a glance out of the corner of his eye.
"Don't be so jealous, Benny," I counter, flicking him lightly on the shoulder with my finger as the elevator doors pop open again. He laughs, shrugging as he admits it, and the two of us make our way into the library together.
My breath is stolen, again, by the sight of the place - the towering stacks of books that reach high towards the glass ceiling, the round velvet and leather chairs gathered together in little study groups. "This place is amazing," I murmur, shaking my head as I look around jealously at all the books I haven't yet read, following Ben to a set of green velvet chairs in the corner. "We should come here more often. We don't make enough use of the resources here."
"If you did study here you wouldn't get much work done," Ben says, flopping into a chair settled neatly next to the fireplace as I take the one across from it. "Not with people coming over all the time to fan over Luca, to try to buddy up with Rafe and Jesse as royals." "Well, that's we have Jackson to scare them away," I say cheerfully, folding my legs beneath me and opening one of my books in my lap.
Ben laughs, grinning at me. "Don't think he doesn't have his own fans too."
"As he constantly reminds me," I murmur, rolling my eyes and thinking of all the girls sliding into Jackson's nonexistent social media inbox.
"What does that mean?" Ben asks, leaning forward towards me with his chin in his palm, eager for the details. I just wrinkle my nose at him and shake my head, letting him know that it's not important, the two of us get started, sorting through our assignments and deciding individually where to get started.
Unfortunately, we don't get far before a shadow falls across my book.
I frown, wondering if it's a particularly dark passing cloud, but then my mouth pops open when I look up and see...
Well, see my mortal enemy - quite literally - standing there, glaring at me, his arms crossed, his guard standing stoic behind him. I just gape at Alan Wright looming above me, fear rushing through me, instantly flashing back to the memory of the last time he stood over me like this - when he shot a quarrel right into my stomach - when he -
"Do you fucking mind?" Ben snaps, intervening when he sees me gaping, fear locking my limbs as well as my tongue. "We're trying to study. You're blocking our light."
"Just wanted to see it for myself," Wright snaps, turning his glare on Ben now. "Because I didn't believe the Royals would let their two little pets off their leashes to roam free. Do the Duke and the Prince know that you're out alone? Without your guard dogs, where almost anything could happen?"
###Chapter 0477
Ben laughs, low and derisive. "Are you serious, Wright? You're the one making leash jokes when you've got a literal guard keeping an eye on you all the time? Do you...are you unaware of what irony is?" Wright scowls and opens his mouth to retort, but Ben interrupts.
"Also," he says to the guard, his voice harsh, leaning to look around Wright at the soldier. "Are you going to do anything about this? Ari Clark is the student that Wright tried to fucking kill. Shouldn't you...I don't know, drag this jackass away by his hair?" Slowly, the guard turns to look at Ben. "I'm here to intercede if he makes a move against another cadet. Not to stop a bitchy little girl fight."
Something about this comment snaps me back to myself - maybe because I'm not used to that casual kind of misogyny in my life, and I'm certainly not going to stand for it at my school. "Great, then consider it over," I say, falling into a cool and collected persona that I'm not sure I knew I could embody. I look away from Wright, back at my books. "So, please take your charge out of here so that those of use whose military careers aren't completely fucked already can get back to work."
Wright's face flushes a livid red. "If you think that -"
"I said," I snap, raising my voice loud as I whip my face up to glare at him. "That I'm trying to study, you pathetic ass."
"I should have finished the job," Wright growls, leaning forward as he holds my gaze with his vicious stare. "And if you think that I won't someday -"
"Alan!" another voice barks, and my eyebrows raise when I see Perry Gibson dart forward, grabbing Wright by the arm. "What the fuck are you even thinking? Get away from them -"
"I'm not done here," Wright growls, attempting to shake Perry off.
But Perry digs his fingers in, surprising me by tugging Wright so hard that he almost loses his balance. "Yes," Perry growls. "You fucking are. Let's go."
Without another word, Perry hauls Wright away with him. The guard gives us an impassive glance but then follows his charge at a leisurely pace.
"You good?" Ben asks, leaning forward to look at me over his book.
I look back at him, realizing that adrenaline is racing through me, making my hands shake a bit. But as I glance down at my hands I realize that it's not all fear - though that's there, too - but also anger, rage. God, that asshole - who the fuck does he think he is? Quite suddenly, I hope that he does try to come for me again, just so that I have a chance to rip him to shreds myself.
Suddenly, I'm filled with the new determination to really throw myself into my lessons with Blaze so that I have the capacity to do that when the time comes.
"Yeah," I say, breathing out a slow breath as I raise my head and meet Ben's eyes. "I'm all right. Just words, after all. Empty threats."
"Good," he says, solid, nodding to me.
We're quiet for a moment as we both gather ourselves after that unpleasant surprise. But then, Ben continues.
"God, he's such a coward," Ben murmurs, looking again in the direction that Wright and Perry walked, though we can't see them anymore. "No way he'd come over to say a damn thing to you when Rafe or Jackson was around. But the moment he finds you relatively alone, he's all tough."
I scowl a little as I realize the truth in his words. "What a worthless, bitter little man," I murmur, shaking my head.
"And Gibson," Ben says, turning back to me with raised eyebrows. "I mean, did you know that he made it through?"
"I didn't," I say, leaning forward with wide eyes. "I mean, honestly, Ben, I'm kind of shocked. He...did not seem tough. Way less tough than the guys I was in the sniping unit with, and neither of them made it through."
"Perry's ambassador," Ben murmurs, glancing again after them. "But I didn't think he did particularly well in the course. Or the Examination. I wonder what strings he pulled to be here..."
We both stare for a second, considering it.
But then Ben heaves a heavy sigh and snaps his book shut. "I'm not going to get anything done while I'm all worked up like this. Do you want to get some air?"
"Air?" I ask, frowning at him. "Ben, we're...on the top floor. What, do you want to go open one of these windows just so Wright can shove me out of it?"
Ben laughs but then gives me a clever little grin. "Come on, Clark," he says, standing up and holding out a hand to me. "I've got something I think you'll want to see."
###Chapter 0478
I follow Ben as he strides confidently towards the large circular desk at the center of the room. The librarian - a younger man than I thought would have the job - glances up at us but then does a double take when he sees Ben. He groans a little, leaning against the
reference
desk.
"What is it this time?"
"I'd like the key to special collections, please," Ben says, giving a rather devastating and playful smile as he holds out his hand. I watch in wonder, not used to this extra-charming side of him. "Ben," the librarian sighs, shaking his head. "I know you're not doing research -"
"I am too!" Ben says, laughing and dropping his hand to the desk as he grins at the librarian. I look back and forth between them, curious. "There are manuscripts up there regarding the fifteenth century negotiations which established Atalaxia as an independent nation -" "A formation you don't even need to study until next term -" the librarian growls, calling his bluff.
"In this time of war," Ben says, likewise leaning forward, a pleased and clever smirk on his lips. "All knowledge of Atalaxia is useful."
The librarian groans again but rolls his eyes and reaches beneath the desk, lifting up large brass key and dropping it into Ben's waiting hand. "One period. And if you leave coffee cups up there again, Ternicki, I swear to god I'm revoking your rights -" "Thanks!" Ben says, snatching the key away and waving over his shoulder as he strides off.
"Don't fall in love with him," the librarian says as he turns to me, his voice dry. "His heart is elsewhere." My eyes go wide to be so advised, but the librarian turns away from me without another glance and I turn quickly to hurry after Ben, desperately curious about what the hell all of that was.
"Benny!" I whisper, grabbing at his sleeve as he starts up a spiraling brass staircase. "Where are we going!? That guy thinks we're going somewhere to make out! How do you know him?"
"We're going to Special Collections," Ben says, turning his head to smile down at me and ignoring my other questions. "Hurry up, we don't have a ton of time."
Together we wind our way up a staircase so sharply curved that it takes every bit of my attention to not slip and slide all the way back down to the bottom. At the top, Ben quickly slips the key into a red door that's set flat into the ceiling. He pushes up on it and continues to climb through, disappearing into the room above.
I eagerly follow, my jaw dropping open when I see the room that awaits us.
It's tiny - miniscule, really - but stunning. Each of the walls is glass, as is the pointed ceiling above us. As I climb into the room and Ben shuts and locks the door after me, I realize that we're in the greenhouse's glass cupola - an incredibly small space. Ranged all around it are carefully built book cases which have tinted glass on their fronts, instead of being open to the sunlight.
"What...what is this..." I breathe.
"It's where the Academy keeps its manuscripts," Ben says, flopping into a leather chair by a desk in the middle of the room and gesturing to its twin on the other side. "Florescent lights have more UV light than daylight, so they're kept up here where they're safe." "Is that... true?" I ask, wrinkling my nose a bit at the amount of sunlight streaming into the room.
"Oh, who cares," Ben says on a happy sigh. "It's cool up here."
"How did you find this?" I breathe, settling down into the chair and taking a moment to look through each of the windows that surrounds us - that looks out over the incredible countryside that surrounds the Academy. The view is...stunning.
"Ambassadors have more study time than anyone else," Ben says with a shrug. "I spend a lot of time here while the other boys are beating the crap out of each other and you're learning to shoot tin cans off of fence posts."
I grin at his glib description of our specializations and then turn my head to the side. "That librarian seems to know you well."
His smile spreads. "Yeah. We hook up sometimes."
"What!?" I laugh, delighted and aghast at once, because I honestly didn't consider that Ben had a social life outside of our friend group. And suddenly I'm a little disappointed in myself for believing that - because of course he does. Ben - he's very social and lovely. Of course others have caught onto that.
###Chapter 0479
"Judge me not, Ariel, that librarian is cute. And not all of us are on a sex ban right now," he says, dry, laughing a little. "Don't hold the rest of us to your ridiculous standards. There's a lot of hooking up at this Academy - just not in your room."
I ignore his glib remark - because honestly, they're Luca and Jackson's standards, not mine - and look at him curiously. "So are the rest of the Cadets hooking up...with each other?"
"Some are," Ben says, giving a little shrug. "The rest go down to Newtown to meet girls."
I just stare at him, a little agape. He stares back for a second before he bursts out laughing.
"You seriously haven't even heard of Newtown?" he asks, leaning forward to stare at me. "Ariel. You let those boys keep you too sheltered."
"Well, I didn't even know I was being sheltered!" I burst out, throwing my hands out to the side. "What the hell is Newtown!?"
"It's not really a town," Ben says, grinning, I think a little delighted that he gets to be the one to dispossess me of my naiveté. "More of like...a camp? I mean, the roads are made of dirt, the buildings were thrown up hastily ten or twenty years ago and were not made to last. But there are bars there - and girls. Some looking to meet Academy guys, some for hire, if you know what I mean. And then some Cadets' girlfriends and wives live there full time, though that's all kept very much on the down low. Cadets sneak out to go there at night, or go on weekends in second year, when we're allowed to leave the Castle."
My mouth falls open a bit because...well, because I've never even thought of sneaking out of the Castle.
"Have you gone?" I ask, turning sharp eyes on Ben.
"Nah," he says, stretching his arms above his head. "I'm kept entertained enough here."
"Can I go?"
He bursts out laughing again. "Why would you want to do that!?"
"Because," I say, eager, leaning forward towards him. "I want to see it! It's fascinating! I want to go to the bars and meet the women."
"You sheltered girls," Ben says, teasing and shaking his head. "Always the most curious. It's not like, nice, Ariel. It can be dangerous." "Yeah well, I'm dangerous now too." I say, smug, leaning back in my chair and making Ben's grin deepen. "Or at least I'm going to be soon." "I have no doubts," he murmurs.
I sigh happily, relaxed in my chair, looking around the room and out the windows. "Thank you for bringing me here," I say quietly. "I like it a lot."
"I like it too," he says, his expression softening. "I come here a lot by myself to study - it's the quietest place in the castle. And..." he shrugs. "I've been here with the librarian a couple of times."
"Oh yeah?" I ask, raising my eyebrow at him. "Are things...serious with you two?"
"Nah," Ben says immediately, shaking his head. "I always made it clear that my feelings were elsewhere. And while I initially meant Rafe..." he sighs and looks away out the window. "Everything is different now."
I follow Ben's gaze and realize that he's looking south and east.
Towards Atalaxia.
Towards his mate.
My heart sinks for him, because I don't know how he stands it. Even if things were confusing with my mates when I first found them, at least they were always around where I could see them - sleeping in the same room as me, in fact, for the first few weeks. But the idea of recognizing your mate from across the room? And realizing they're your enemy? And then watching them leave the palace, and the country, for good?
God, I don't know how he handles any of it.
"Ben?" I ask, my voice soft. He turns his head back to me. "Will you tell me what happened?"
He sighs, his usually cheerful expression falling as he looks down into his lap.
And then, Ben begins.
###Chapter 0480
"It happened just how you described, Ari," he murmurs, shaking his head as he recalls it. "Of all things, it seriously felt like someone threw a damn brick at my wolf."
I smile a little, remembering telling him that metaphor at the club after Luca's boxing victory but hating that it feels so accurate for my friend.
"It happened the first time at the boxing match. I knew he was there... instantly, as soon as he walked in."
"Did you know who it was? Like, you could pick them out of the crows?" I ask, a little breathless with interest but not wanting to push him too far.
"I knew...the area...in the crowd. That something in me had suddenly turned to the Atalaxians. But I couldn't pinpoint it at first." Ben raises his hands to his temples and rubs them in soft, worried circles as he remembers. "But I wasn't sure what precisely it was - my wolf insisted, of course, that my mate was there, but I mean - what the hell does he know."
I smile a little as my wolf bristles inwardly, appalled that Ben would ever doubt his wolf. I smooth a hand over her fur and she turns to give my fingers a fond lick.
"So," I say, hesitant. "What happened?"
"I felt...sick," he says, raising his head and meeting my eyes. "Did you feel like that? Like...nauseous?"
"I didn't feel nauseous," I say, turning my head to the side. "But my center of balance was off. I couldn't walk right - and it was just before we had to go have that first hand-to-hand fight." I grin at the memory fondly, even though I wasn't so happy at the time. "I think Rafe was worried I had a stroke because I couldn't walk in a straight line."
"God, no wonder you lost so spectacularly," Ben says, laughing a little. "But it sounds about the same, though - both of our bodies responded almost as if we were seasick, like gravity and perception changed."
"Yeah," I say, smiling at him, glad to have someone who understands it now. I wonder, passively, if Jackson and Luca felt the same and make a mental note to ask them. "So, when did you figure out who it was?" "After I came back to the fight. I have to admit that I didn't...watch Luca a lot."
I laugh a little, and he laughs with me.
"I spent my time instead," Ben continues, "scanning the Atalaxians, trying to catch a scent. It was too hard, though. There was one that I...wanted it to be, maybe? More than knew it was? And he, too, looked a little sick and stood perfectly rigid and still, even though he kept his eyes on the fight."
"And were you right?" I ask, anxious, wanting Ben to have the boy he wanted it to be with a desperation that almost surprises me. Ben, he's such a good friend to me - I want him to have everything in the world that he wants.
"Yeah," Ben says, raising his eyes to mine and fighting hard against a rather brilliant smile. "I knew for sure at the smaller meeting when Atalaxia declared that they were going to destroy us all. I mean, it was a shit day for everyone else, but my wolf wouldn't settle down in my heart. We could smell him, in that small room, and we knew for sure that it was..." he laughs a little now and covers his face with his hand, embarrassed. "The cute one."
I laugh, delighted, and Ben goes along with me.
"Wait, but did you guys...acknowledge each other? Did you figure out who he was? Did you ever get a chance to talk to him!?"
"I didn't get to talk to him," Ben says, dropping his hand from his face and leaning forward towards me now, not holding back now. "But...he looked at me, once, and I know he felt it, Ari - felt what I was feeling. We didn't say anything - or express anything - but we...we knew what we are to each other. It was...amazing. I mean, terrifying, but...amazing."
"Wow," I breathe, likewise leaning forward, wanting to know more. "But which one was it?"
"I feel like you'll remember him, Ari - you noticed him," Ben says, nodding to me. "I saw you two lock eyes as well."
###Chapter 0481
I sit up straighter, surprised. "The one with the crown?" I ask, a little horrified at the idea. "Or - the one next to him?"
"The one next to him," Ben says, nodding seriously, and I feel a whoosh of relief - because the one with the crown...my wolf raises her hackles at his memory. There was something wrong with him. But the one next to him - I suddenly remember the pulse that went through me when our eyes locked. Not a mating bond - no, I'd recognize that anywhere - but...a connection.
A real one I can't explain.
"Did you find out who he is?" I ask, excited.
"Of course I did, Ari," Ben says, leaning back in his chair and waiving a dismissive hand at me. "What do you think I did all midwinter? Actually, Rafe is the one who told me who it was." "Really?" I ask, my eyes going wide. "Does Rafe...know?"
"No, only you know," Ben says, looking at me a little hard, and I nod quickly to reassure him that I'm keeping the secret. The stakes are high, after all, on this one. "But...I asked some questions about the Atalaxian delegation and got enough information out of him to figure it out." "Well come on, Benny," I growl, smacking the table between us and making him laugh. "Spill! I'm dying here!"
"All right, all right," he says, leaning his arms on the desk and grinning at me, I think enjoying himself more than he has in a while now that he has someone to talk to about this. "His name is Elias. He's the son of a minor Atalaxian Prince named Calvin, their third child." My eyes go a little wide at the name, because I recognize it.
"What?" Ben asks, frowning at me.
"My mom knows Calvin, I think," I say, nodding eagerly. "She really likes him - her one friend in Atalaxia."
"Yes, that's what Rafe said too," Ben says, nodding. "Which gives me hope. It's hard enough having a mate who is Atalaxian - if his dad is cool enough that your mom likes him, hopefully Elias has some progressive politics as well and doesn't like...hate women. Or himself, for being gay."
My face falls into a grimace then, thinking of how horrible it must be to grow up liking people of the same gender as you in a world where that's a crime punishable by death. God, Elias - I don't know him at all, but my heart already goes out to him. And for Ben's sake on top of that, I want to do everything I can to help.
"So, what are you going to do?" I ask quietly. "What are we going to do?"
"We?" Ben asks, raising his eyes to mine a bit.
"Benny, you know I'm going to do everything I can to help you find your mate and keep him safe," I say, a little fiercer than I usually am, putting my hands flat on the desk between us. "But I'm also sure that your clever little clockwork brain," I point a finger at his forehead now, turning it in a circle like the shifting gears of a complicated machine, "is already turning with ideas. So? What do we do?"
Ben beams at me then, I think liking the metaphor as well as my instant, open offer of aid. But he sighs deeply and drops his eyes when he starts to think on what we're up against. "Obviously, I want to get him out of there, Ariel. If anyone finds out about our bond - even if he is a minor prince or whatever - they will make an example out of him. But...I mean, I don't even know if he wants to leave - would he give up his whole nation to start a new life here, with me? I mean, he'd be a... traitor to his world. To his family."
My wolf turns anxiously in my soul at the mere idea of it, because if I had to choose between my mates and my country...
God, I don't know if I could do it.
But then again, my country loves and supports me and wouldn't kill me if my mate was a woman instead of a man. It is different.
I bite my lip, torn.
###Chapter 0482
"My very lackluster current plan," Ben continues on a sigh, lifting his eyes to mine, "is to study really hard."
I burst out laughing at this, shaking my head, because he sounds like me in this moment - diving into homework like it's going to save the world.
Ben grins, sensing the direction of my thoughts, but carries on. "I want to become an Atalaxian ambassador fast - a real one. One that your father sends over to Atalaxia as part of a mission. I mean, I want to help end the war, but also being there could...I don't know, give me a chance to talk to Elias. To learn what he wants and needs, figure out...more of a plan."
I go a little pale at the idea of Ben going to Atalaxia as an ambassador - because it's already dangerous for any of our countrymen who go over there, but with his sexual identity...
"Don't forbid me, Ariel," Ben says, again reading my mind, his face softening at my clear worry. "You'd do it too, if Jacks or Luca were on the line."
And as I consider that, I pull in a deep breath and nod, sitting up straighter. Because he's right - I'd do it in a heartbeat, in an instant. And I'd be looking to do more. "That's all a very long-term plan, Benny," I say quietly, holding his gaze. "Don't you want to move faster than that?"
"Of course I do," he says, turning up his hands like he's helpless. "But I mean, what else can I do?"
I bite my lip, considering my next words carefully. "Actually," I say, the word drawn out in my hesitation. "I think you should tell Rafe."
Ben goes still as he stares at me. "You want me to tell my crush about my mate, the Atalaxian Prince, his enemy?"
"Yes!" I say, tossing my hand up as if it's the easiest thing in the world. "Tell the Prince you're crushing on about the Prince you're mated to!" A grin breaks onto my face as I suddenly realize something. "Honestly, Ben, you do have a type."
He laughs at this, I think relieved to do it, his head tilting back on his neck as he does. When he raises his head to look at me, wiping a little tear from his eye that's not all mirth, I can see that some of the tension has gone out of him. "I do, don't I," he says when his breath comes back to him, smiling at me. "I like 'em fancy and empowered."
"Good looking brunettes, too," I say, screwing my mouth to the side. "But honestly, Ben, I know that you have this idea that things will be different between you and Rafe if you tell him that you like guys, but...Rafe knows a lot about the inner workings of the Atalaxian court and he could talk to dad about best plans for getting Elias out of there - if that's what you guys decide is best. I think it would honestly be...the fastest way to actually getting you in touch with him."
Ben sighs, nodding even as he looks away from me out of the window. "I'll consider it," he says after a moment, his eyes going a bit hazy as he thinks it through.
"Good," I say softly, my own mind turning about other avenues. But honestly, I know so damned little about these politics and this war that I'm extremely limited in what I can offer him right now. I curse, again, the stupid gender bias that sent me to ballet class while Rafe and Jesse learned politics and war.
I make a point, mentally, to steal my brother's textbooks and work hard to fix this ignorance as soon as I can.
But honestly, when the hell will I have time to do that?
Ben and I spend a good deal of time in that peaceful silence, looking out the windows, thinking our thoughts and sorting through our own plans. But eventually I sigh, and glance at the dainty little clock in the corner, and realize that we only have a few minutes left before Ben has to walk me to magic class.
"So," I say, slapping my hands down on the leather arms of my chair and making Ben jump out of his reverie. "What does all of this mean for you and Rafe, anyway?"
"What do you mean?" Ben asks, likewise glancing at the clock and grinning at me as he starts to gather his books.
"I mean, did you like...stop having a crush on him the moment you saw your mate? Did he wipe away the idea that anyone else could ever be cute?"
###Chapter 0483
"It doesn't work like that, Ari," Ben says, smirking at me. "What are you suddenly immune to all other men's charms now that Jackson and Luca are in your life?"
"Yes," I say, my eyes falling half shut in derision. "Two is enough. I don't need any more crushes."
"Well, if Rafe wants to make out before Elias comes around," Ben says, smiling fondly at me as he stands up and offers a hand, "then I'm game. But I don't think that will be happening anytime soon, for more reasons than one."
"More than his particularly inconvenient singular desire for women, you mean?" I ask, taking Ben's hand and letting him pull me to my feet.
"That, yes," Ben says, stuffing his books into his messenger bag as I do the same. "Along with the fact that he's seriously gone on Daphne."
"Is he?" I ask, going a bit still in shock as I stare up into Ben's face.
He turns to me, his brows going up. "Are you...surprised?"
"I mean, a little," I say, coming back to myself and moving towards the trap door. Ben moves with me, bending down to unlatch it. "I mean, know they're... dating or whatever. But he...he really likes her?"
"That's what he told me," Ben says, a little hesitant now, looking up at me as he pulls the door open. "He hasn't talked to you about it?"
"No," I say with a little scowl as I start down the stairs, Ben following. "But... he's never talked to me about girls. Ever. So I guess it's nothing new. But he really said that?" I look over my shoulder at him.
Ben shrugs. "He told me that he's never felt this way about a girl. He's pretty gone on her - I don't think he's used to women who are that independent, and he quite likes it. But pay attention, Ari, these steps are steep - if you break your neck going down the stairs I'll have to face your entire family and I'm not up to that."
I nod as I laugh, looking forward and paying attention to where I put my feet as the pair of us wind our way back down to the main part of the library. But even as we move back to the reference desk and Ben receives a light, flirtatious scolding from the librarian about abuse of the special collections room, I can't quite pay attention to my current surroundings. As I hurry down the halls with Ben at my side, I get lost in my thoughts.
Because honestly, I never imagined that Rafe was...gone on Daphne like that. I mean, I knew he liked her, but I just thought they were...dating. Dating in the non-serious way that Rafe and Jesse have always dated girls - for fun, with no one really getting their heart broken.
But even if Ben does say that you can still crush on other people when you have a mate...I'm well aware that Rafe does have a mate coming down the line.
And that if Daphne is falling for him too...she's going to be the one who gets her heart broken.
My stomach twists as I think of my handsome brother getting too involved with my best friend - even if he never intended to. Even if he just started this because she's pretty and fun. "Earth to Ari," Ben murmurs, snapping his fingers in front of my face.
"What?" I ask, looking up at him.
"We're here," he says, smiling down at me, entertained. "Did you seriously not notice?"
"Oh," I say, turning to look at the familiar magic classroom and laughing at myself. "Sorry. Kind of got...lost in my thoughts."
"Yeah, you do that sometimes," he says, putting a fond hand on top of my cap and rubbing it around a little - like he's ruffling my hair. I grin up at him and swat his hand away.
"It's part of my charm!"
"Never said it wasn't!" Ben says, starting to walk away and giving me a little salute. "See you at dinner!"
"If I make it on time!" I call back with a sigh, turning towards magic class as I take a deep inhale of breath and put my worries about Rafe and Daphne and Ben and Elias - who I've never even met, not really - aside. Because they're about to be replaced with a whole batch of other worries. Magical ones.
On a steep exhale, I step into the magic classroom.
###Chapter 0484
When I walk into class, I grin to see that everyone else is here. Rafe and Jesse joke casually with Jacks while Tony lounges at his desk, his long legs sticking out from under it as he flicks through a book.
Of course, my smile fades as soon as I hear Alvez's voice to my left.
"Very nearly late...Clark."
My head turns sharply to see him grinning at me, as he so often does now, like he holds all my secrets in the palm of his hand. And I frown at him because, I mean, he's not holding those secrets over my head anymore, is he?
So why is he still grinning at me like a cat? What on earth does he have up his sleeve?
"Sorry," I say as the room falls silent, everyone looking towards me. I pushing the door shut. "Lost track of time."
Alvez waves a magnanimous hand towards the desks and I hurry in, sitting in an open spot between Rafe and Jackson that they very obviously saved for me.
"Good," Alvez says, folding his arms over his chest and looking around at us. "I must say - it is rare for a professor to come back over winter break at the Academy to find his class still entirely intact. I might have the singular claim to that this semester."
I raise my eyebrows at this, realizing that it's probably true, and I lean around Jackson to glance at Tony - the only one who I thought may actually have been at risk of not coming back. As I do, I find him already looking for me, and I grin as I realize that we simultaneously had the same thought about each other. His own face breaks into a smile as he nods to me, letting me know he's glad I'm still here. I do the same.
"So," Alvez says, drawing my attention back to him. "In such an impressive group, I have to admit that I'm a little...displeased. There should have been more progress in the development of your gifts this past semester."
"Perhaps," Tony drawls, a little bored, "If you gave us more instruction than 'hold hands' and 'try,' we'd be making more progress."
My eyebrows raise at the gall of him for a moment and I fight a smile. When I glance at Rafe, I'm pleased to see that he's doing the same.
"Do I hear a critique in your words, Davis?" Alvez drawls.
"You can hear what you want," Tony says, much more relaxed than I'd be confronting a professor. "But if you're looking for a blatant critique, I'd say that this class is pretty much a waste of my time. No offense to my classmates," he glances at us here, and I see the honesty in his eyes, "but I already know what my gift is and how to use it. I'm just sitting around while they figure out what they can do - I'm not learning anything."
"And how would you suggest I adjust my pedagogy?" Alvez says, leaning casually against his desk.
"More individualized attention, I suppose," Tony says, crossing his arms over his chest and staring steadily at the professor. "Or just letting me take a study hall, if there's nothing more you can teach me."
"Individual attention," Alvez says, a wicked smile taking his face as he turns his eyes to me. "Sounds like a wonderful idea."
A shiver runs up and down my spine as I stare at the professor, as he stares back at me. As he makes his meaning perfectly clear with the way he lets his eyes drift away from my face and down my body. I tense in my chair, glancing to the left to see how Rafe and Jesse are reacting to this, but they look...completely normal. Just...staring at Alvez, waiting for him to go on.
On my right, though, Jackson lets out a low and rumbling growl that snaps everyone's attention to him.
Alvez's mouth curves into a pleased smile as he meets Jackson's eyes, almost...almost daring him to make a move against him.
I gape a bit, wondering what the hell is going on.
"Seriously," Tony says, staring around the room at all of us, "what the hell is going on?"
I start a bit, turning to stare at him, wondering if he read my mind or something.
But when I see his expression, I realize that he's just reacting to the vibe in the room the same way that Jackson and I are.
###Chapter 0485
Jesse and Rafe blink and stare around, confused.
But Alvez claps his hands together, breaking the tension and ignoring Tony's question. "Let's move on. I'd like an update, please, regarding the status of your magic and if there has been any progress over the break. Davis, I'm assuming by your rather irritable protest regarding my teaching methods that you've had no progress on your abilities?"
"No, I've made no progress on my fully formed abilities, which I'd say is unsurprising," Tony says, dry. "What do you want me to do, take deeper breaths underwater?"
I laugh a little, unable to help it, and he shoots a smirk my way.
Alvez ignores it, turning to Jesse and Rafe, who report that they have not.
When the professor turns his eyes to me, I bite my lip a bit, torn about what to say. Alvez's eyes shine. "I'm sensing, Clark," he murmurs. "That you do have an update."
And then, even though I don't trust him, I decide to spill. Mostly because this is the only place we can really talk about magic as a group, where we can keep it a secret.
"I can light stuff on fire," I say, giving a casual shrug.
"What!?" Rafe bursts out, sitting up straight and staring at me.
"You didn't know?" I ask, turning to frown at him.
"Ari!" he sputters, Jesse looking around him at me likewise shocked, "No! I didn't know! What are you talking about!?"
"Oh, I guess I forgot to tell you," I say, grimacing a little. "I mean, Midwinter was really busy!"
Jesse and Rafe burst out at once, shouting at me for not telling them and demanding to know more information - what I can do, what I lit on fire, how I did it. But Alvez claps his hands together, again drawing attention back to him. "Details, please, Clark," he says, slow and curious.
I glance at Jackson, who gives me a little encouraging push down the bond, and then I quickly tell the story of accessing my magic, and concentrating on the wood in the fireplace, and drawing on my magic to heat the wood to the point where it burst into flames. I'm quite careful to keep Jackson out of the story, though, implying that I was alone by the fireplace.
"So is your power fire?" Alvez asks, raising an eyebrow at me. "Or heat?"
I turn my head to the side, curious as I consider the question. "Heat, I suppose," I say eventually, remembering how Jackson, Seraphina and I spent the majority of the morning experimenting with how fast I can melt chocolate and candy, licking both off our fingers courtesy of my magic. None of it burst into flames, though - it melted before it got to a flashpoint.
"Fascinating," Alvez says, reaching for a notebook on his desk and tearing out a page, crumpling it up into a ball. "And would you mind providing a demonstration?"
"Um, okay," I murmur, sitting up straight.
"At your leisure, Cadet," Alvez says lazily, putting the crumpled paper on the desk and looking down at it. Almost as one, everyone else in the room leans forward to stare at it, almost as if they're afraid they'll miss it.
My stomach squirms a little under the sudden pressure, but I suddenly hear Jackson's voice in my head.
You've got this, Princess, he murmurs, proud. Don't let him shake your confidence.
I send a quick pulse of happiness and thanks down our bond and then exhale slowly, concentrating on the paper, reaching for that well of magic that I accessed so easily on Midwinter mourning.
But even when I find it, I discover that it's...well, it's kind of...tiny.
I blink in surprise at myself as my wolf walks over to the little pool, both of us wondering where the hell it went. Because on Midwinter - god, it felt like an ocean.
Still, I pull on it, drawing from its strength and its power, and I feel the heat start to build within me, concentrating it on the little ball of paper.
But god it's...it's nothing like what it was. About a minute into the process, I realize that it's just not going to work - that the paper is, at best, going to get warm. That I just don't have enough power within me to make it happen. I scowl, slumping back in my seat, frustrated - because where the hell did it go?
###Chapter 0486
"Come on, Ari," Jackson whispers next to me, even though I barely hear him, so hard am I concentrating on the paper, on the magic within me. "You can do this." But suddenly I feel his hand on my back, warm and encouraging.
I take a deep breath, trying to lean into his faith, but I have to admit my surprise when that hand drifts all the way down on my back, even lower until he grips the edge of my shirt tucked into my pants and tugs it free.
I flinch a little, turning my head to stare at him as he slips his hand covertly beneath the fabric of my shirt until his fingers brush my skin, his palm coming to rest flat against the base of my spine.
And suddenly it's there - that deep well of power - that ocean of it, at my fingertips. I gasp a little at the suddenness, glancing around the room, wondering if anyone noticed the way that Jackson is touching me now - but everyone's eyes are still on the paper - Except for Alvez's, which are on me - which have perhaps never left me -
And suddenly I want this done, don't want Alvez having any more access to my secrets. Angry, I turn my eyes back to the ball of paper on the desk and hurl my magic at it all in one gust.
It explodes instantly into a tiny ball of flame.
Rafe, Jesse, and Tony shout in surprise, leaning quickly away from the little fireball and then bursting into yells of appreciation, telling me how awesome that was as they lean eagerly towards me. Jackson joins in, laughing a little and pulling his hand away to clap his palms together, grinning at me.
I laugh too, looking around at all of them, but when I turn back to Alvez, I find that his eyes haven't left me at all.
"Impressive, Cadet," Alvez says, clearly pleased with my progress. "Though I'd like to see more from you."
"More?" Tony asks, laughing a little and leaning forward, glancing between me and Alvez eagerly. "Honestly, what do you want him to do next-light the desk on fire!? He's done - welcome to study hall, Clark! It's good to have you here!"
Tony leans further forward towards me, holding a hand out for a high-five, and I lean forward too to smack his hand - but even when I lean so far out of my chair that I almost fall to the floor my hand just whiffs through the air, missing his by a mile.
Tony laughs good-heartedly at my tiny reach, his grey eyes crinkling up into a happy smile. I just shrug and he nods to me, letting me know that the sentiment remains the same, even if I'm too small and far away for a high-five.
"I'm not sure that study hall is my plan for the two of you," Alvez says, casually brushing the ashes of the paper off the desk and interrupting the joyous mood of the room. "I think you can do more."
"More?" Rafe asks. "You mean like, bigger fires?"
"I'm not precisely concerned about bigger," Alvez says, looking around the room. "Perhaps more complex. With less...aid." He smirks here, glancing at Jacksons big hands folded on his desk, clearly letting me know that the touch did not go missed.
I gulp a little, wondering if this was a mistake, if Alvez now knows more than I ever intended him to know about my relationship with Jackson.
"What are you talking about?" Jesse says, slumping in his chair and throwing out a frustrated hand. "That was amazing - and Ari didn't have any aid."
"He had the paper," Alvez says, turning to look at Jesse. "Tell me, Sinclair, when your mother creates a storm in the sky does she have to pull it from the next valley over? Or can she conjure it - summon water into the air, create the electrical charges on the ground that call down the lightening?"
"I have...absolutely no clue," Jesse says, laughing a little and shaking his head. "I never asked."
###Chapter 0487
"Well, I did," Alvez says, smirking a little at his upper hand. "She can create it."
"Your mom can make...storms?" Tony asks, a little wide-eyed, leaning over to look at Jesse.
"She can control all the weather," Jesse says casually, sending Tony a wink. "She's a badass. Plus, I always get snow on my birthday. Because I'm her favorite."
I grin, suddenly remembering all the birthdays we spent having snowball fights in Jesse's back yard even though he was born in the autumn - far too early for that sort of thing. "Cool," Tony says, genuinely impressed.
"If we could concentrate," Alvez says, looking around at all of us with a sigh. "What I mean to say is that Clark should not have to rely on a crutch." He concentrates specifically on me now. "You should be able to create a ball of flame in the air by itself - absent of any fuel to heat. With elemental magic like yours, you should be able to supply the heat, the fuel, the oxygen, and the spark - all yourself. Can you do that?"
I scowl a little - because honestly, I was very pleased with myself for being able to start my little pyromaniac fires just like this. This next step sounds...much more challenging. "No, sir," I say, slumping down a little in my seat. "I can't do that yet."
"Well then we still have work to do," Alvez says, giving me a sly grin. He turns his attention to Tony next. "Your magic seems to be more bodily, but how much have you experimented with it? You can breathe underwater, but does your lack of a need for oxygen extend to other airless environments? Can you survive without air?"
"And where would you suggest I go to experiment with that?" Tony asks, dry. "The moon?"
I laugh but Alvez just gives Tony a dark look that freezes my blood and makes my laugher quickly drain away. "Oh," he says. "I'm sure we can think of something.
The room is awkward and silent for a moment as Tony and Alvez stare at each other, clearly in a deadlock.
Rafe, ever the diplomat, clears his throat. "All right," he says, breaking the stalemate and turning everyones gaze to him. "What about the rest of us?" he says, gesturing towards himself and Jesse and Jackson. "What do we do while the magical prodigies experiment with their abilities?"
"We continue to work on drawing yours out," Alvez says, his eyes singularly on Jesse and Rafe now - a fact which neither Jackson nor I miss.
Jesse scowls a little, I think a bit disappointed in the answer - because it certainly didn't get him anywhere last term.
"In the meantime, I will take Davis's advice and schedule individual meetings with our...magical prodigies, as you call them," Alvez continues, turning his gaze back to me. "I think a little bit of private tutoring will be very productive indeed."
I glare back at Alvez now, getting sick of his constant desire to use these lascivious looks to intimidate me. And even more sick of how well they're working.
"Maybe Tony and I should work together instead," I snap, glaring back at him. Then I turn my gaze to Tony. "What do you say, Davis? Be each other's private tutors and leave our professor free to explore his research, which I'm sure takes up a great deal of his time?" "Sounds good to me!" Tony says, giving me a sharp nod that lets me know that he, too, has no real interest in time alone with Alvez.
"Cool!" I say, giving him a grin. "But if you want to do that, you should probably know that I'm a girl."
Everyone around me goes immediately tense at my blunt confession - Alvez maybe excepted, though I'm not looking at him right now. Nope, instead my whole concentration is on Tony, who goes satisfying pale as he sits stark straight at his desk.
"Wait," he says, "wait, what?"
I grin, pleased that my efforts at secrecy seem to have succeeded in this class, at least.
###Chapter 0488
"Ariel," Rafe sighs, slumping down in his chair and covering his face with his hand, shaking his head. "Seriously? Do you always have to be so dramatic?"
"What!" I protest, turning to stare at him. "We agreed we were going to tell him! What's the big deal?"
Rafe sighs. "The big deal is -"
"Wait, you're...you're Ariel?" Tony says, drawing my attention back to him as he stares at me with wide eyes. "Not...Ari?"
"Yeah," I say, taking off my hat and letting him see the braid of rose-gold hair arching over my head which tends to be the nail in the coffin of people's doubt. "I'm sorry we didn't tell you - but we didn't tell anyone who didn't need to know! And this semester we all agreed to let you in on the secret, because I thought you deserved to not be the only one in the classroom who didn't know."
"Um, we did not all agree," Jesse says, and when I turn to look at him I laugh a little to see him pointing vehemently at himself. "To some of us this is a surprise."
"Oh, you don't care, you just don't like being left out." I say waving a dismissive hand at him and turning back to Tony. "So, I'm Ariel Sinclair, and this is my brother Rafe, and my cousin Jesse," I say, re-making the quick introductions and giving him a happy smile. Tony smirks a little, looking me over as he lounges back in his chair and folds his arms over his chest. "All right. So the fact that your face is identical to the Queen's makes a lot more sense now. Damn it," he murmurs, shaking his head and continuing to stare at me like he's getting used to the new concept of who I am. "I should have put it all together after I met her."
"Wait," Rafe says, leaning forward and frowning at Tony. "When did you meet mom?"
"It was " Tony starts, shifting his eyes to Rafe's, but Alvez interrupts.
"If we could please get back on track," he sighs, loud, apparently irritated by us. I bite my lip a little, kind of enjoying that we've irritated him. He deserves it.
Alvez blathers on a bit now, pulling out a set of textbooks that he hands out to each of us and explaining what we're going to be studying this semester. But only Rafe and Jesse listen closely, peering through their books on the theory of magic, I think eager to find anything that's going to jumpstart the powers.
I slump a little in my seat, staring at the book, wondering if I should trust it. Because honestly, after everything, my wolf is more on her toes about Alvez than she's been before. Don't like it, she grumbles to me, sniffing the air in his direction. Not right. Like the Prince from Atalaxia. Not right, not right. She shakes her fur vehemently, like she's trying to get clean.
I frown a little inwardly. Has it always been this...not right? I ask her, curious. Or is it something new?
But she just growls more, not answering, perhaps not really knowing. Still, I decide to trust her, as I've always done.
I jump a little in my seat when everyone around me begins to stand, and as I look up at the clock I realize that I've spaced out more than I thought I did.
"I'll send you a note, Miss Sinclair," Alvez says, giving me another hungry smile as he comes around the desk. "About when you should come to my office for that... private meeting."
"I thought I was going to work with Tony," I say, pointing at him as my shoulders straighten in surprise and dismay.
"I don't mind if you work with Davis," Alvez says with a shrug, packing the last of his books and paperwork into his bag. "But I do think that our sessions together will be particularly productive, Miss Sinclair. I hope you will look forward to them as much as I am." And then, to my shock, Alvez actually reaches out and runs a hand over my hair, gently cupping the back of my head and tugging me incrementally closer to him.
###Chapter 0489
I gasp, and a vicious snarl instantly rips from Jackson's lips as Tony gasps in shock, but before anyone can do anything more than that Alvez is already striding out the door. "What is with him?" Tony asks, coming to stand between Jackson and I, looking between us, appalled.
"You see it too?" Jackson asks, frowning over at Tony.
"How could I miss it? I mean, the man is a weird guy, but he's such a creep with Ari." Tony just shakes his head, his expression appalled, as Jackson and I exchange looks. "What are you talking about?" Rafe says, coming to stand with our little group, Jesse following close behind. "Who's a creep with Ari?"
The three of us just turn to stare at him like he's crazy because...I mean, how can he have missed that?
"Whatever, I've got to get to a study meetup," Tony says, hoisting his pack on his shoulder and looking briefly towards the door before looking back at me. "Thanks for letting me in on the secret. I won't tell anyone." "Well, thanks in turn for that," I say to Tony, brushing off Alvez's creepy moment in my eagerness to speak to Tony while we have him. "Why don't you come by for dinner tonight? We all get together in our room and -" "Ariel," Rafe sighs, again running his hand down the length of his face. "I'm sure that Tony already has dinner plans -"
I gape at my brother. "That doesn't mean that we can't invite him, Rafe -"
"No, it's cool," Tony says, interrupting and grinning between us. "I actually do have dinner plans. Thanks, man," he says, looking into Rafe's eyes, "for not assuming that I'm just sitting around with clasped hands, waiting for a dinner invite from the royals." Rafe blushes a little, I think embarrassed by what Tony is clearly interpreting as his inhospitability, but before he can say anything Tony turns back to me.
"Maybe some other time, Ari," he says, flashing me a grin. "We should meet up, though! About the magic!"
"Definitely!" I call after him as he heads for the door, waving over his shoulder at the group of us still left in the room. "I'll send you my schedule!"
"What are you doing, Ari?" Rafe groans, clearly frustrated with me, though I have no idea why.
"What is the big deal!?" I ask, tossing my hands out to the side. "Tony's in the group now! Why can't he come to dinner!?"
"Tony is not part of the group," Rafe growls, bringing his head up to level a glare at me. "Just because he knows one secret does not make him privy to all the others."
"What others!?" I ask, baffled.
"Your mate situation, for one," Rafe says, gesturing vehemently to Jacks, who just stands stoic, his arms crossed. "Not to mention matters of national security! We have no idea who Tony really is he could be a spy!"
"Oh, he's not a spy," I sigh, grabbing my books and starting to shove them in my bag.
"How do you know that, Ariel?" Jesse asks, looking at me curiously.
"I just know," I say, rolling my eyes and glaring between my brother and my cousin. "I just have a good feeling about him, okay! And quite frankly, right now I'm much more willing to trust my and Jackson's instincts about people over yours." Jesse presses an offended hand to his chest. "What does that mean?"
I sigh, glancing at the clock, knowing I've got to meet Blaze in a matter of minutes. "Can we talk about it tonight? I've got more classes." I look up at Jackson. "Want to walk me and play bodyguard?" I give him a broad grin.
"Always," Jackson says, giving me a smirk and putting his hand again on my lower back as he escorts me towards the door.
"This isn't over, Ariel!" Rafe calls after me, still kind of pissed.
"It never is, Rafe!" I call back, flashing him a grin over my shoulder as Jackson and I head down the hall.
###Chapter 0490
Ariel doesn't come up once the dinner is served and Rafe scowls at her portion, growing cold on its plate.
God damn sisters. Why does she have to be so...willful, always pushing forward on her instincts, blurting things out or taking insane actions just because it "feels" right? And what even is going on with her sudden complete trust of Tony? What the hell -
Inwardly, his wolf pauses Rafe's train of thoughts by giving his heart a lazy nudge with his snout. She's very rarely wrong, his wolf says, taking a deep, calm breath and letting his eyes drift shut. Just like mom. Stop getting so worked up about it and just trust her. Even though he knows his wolf is right - that he should just trust Ariel and calm down - Rafe grits his teeth against this advice. Because...she's his little sister. If anything ever happened to her...
But he shakes the thought away, dismissing it, knowing it's not useful.
It just...it makes it so hard to protect her when Ariel's so chaotic - just flying by the seat of her pants. It was one thing last semester when Ari stuck close to him and Jesse, when they were able to take her under their wing a bit and make sure that she was safe. But now that she's getting more independence? In her own classes, with her own tutors - one of which an insane woman, at that - walking around the castle by herself?
Rafe exhales a deep sigh through his teeth, letting his head fall back against the chair.
"You all right, man?" Ben asks, looking at Rafe a little askance from his place on the couch as he works on some notes for a speech he has to give in a few days.
"What?" Rafe asks, opening his eyes, his word snappier than he means it to be.
"Oh, nothing," Ben says, looking at him levelly. "I just noticed that you were grinding your teeth so hard that they might just crack. Or be worn down into a find sand. Not very useful, for a wolf."
Rafe stares at his friend for a second before huffing a laugh and dropping his forehead into his hand. "Am I that obvious?"
"Not to all. I am just...exceptionally perceptive and attuned to your every mood," Ben murmurs, smirking and turning back to his notebook.
Rafe laughs at this too, shaking his head, looking over at where Jesse and Luca are sitting on the floor with some books spread around them, Jesse teaching Luca some methods for using multiple sources in one research paper.
"Seriously, what's bugging you?" Ben murmurs, curious enough to invite conversation but passive enough to be brushed away if Rafe isn't in the mood for it. Rafe smiles a little, glancing over at Ben, appreciating again just how good he is at social situations. "Just...worried about Ariel," Rafe replies on a sigh.
"Ah, your favorite hobby," Ben says, lifting his head. "She's good, Rafe. Seriously. You need to... let go a little bit. Relax. Try to calm down and concentrate instead of worrying about the thousand ways she could get murdered in the halls of this castle." "You've only counted a thousand?" Rafe asks, dry, raising an eyebrow. "I'm up to twenty-five hundred."
Ben laughs and shakes his head, turning his attention back to the books. "You need to let off some steam, your highness," he murmurs. "Before you tear that armchair to pieces, the way you're clutching it."
Rafe looks down at his hands and sighs again when he sees that he is digging his fingers into the chair - way too tense after such a long day.
And then, suddenly, he realizes that Ben is totally right.
That he does need to relax and take his mind off of things, and there is certainly one thing he'd rather be doing than sitting around worrying about his sister.
Rafe suddenly stands, grabbing Ariel's plate off the table and striding for the door with it in his hand.
"Wha-! Where are you going!?" Jesse's face is shocked as he calls after his cousin.
"I'll be back later," Rafe calls over his shoulder, not bothering to answer. "Don't wait up."
As the door slams behind him, Jesse's face falls, his skin going a little ashen.
Because he's well aware that there's only one place that Rafe's likely to be heading at this hour, and it's not to the gym where Ariel is training with her new combat instructor. The room is quiet for a long moment.
"Come on, man," Luca says, his voice kind and a little pitying as he reaches out and pats Jesse on the back. "Just...pay attention to this. You were really helping me." Jesse scowls and takes a deep breath, glancing once into Luca's face before nodding and turning back to their studies.
Downstairs in the bowls of the castle, Daphne tentatively peeks out of her door after hearing three smart raps on it.
###Chapter 0491
When she sees who's standing out there, holding a plate of food in his hand, her face breaks into a wide, laughing smile. She swings the door open and leans against the frame, staring up into Rafe Sinclair's pretty green eyes. "Well, aren't you a surprise," she says, beaming at him.
"Thought you might be hungry," Rafe says, giving a too-casual shrug and holding the plate of food out towards her.
Daphne laughs as she crosses her arms over her chest, a sound and a sight that makes Rafe's pulse rush more than the hasty walk down here did. God, but she's beautiful - and that laugh?
He takes a deep breath, working hard to settle the butterflies in his stomach as his wolf eagerly paces back and forth in his soul.
"Come on, Rafe," Daphne says, nodding towards the already-empty dinner plate resting on the tray by the door. "What did you think, I went starving every night when you didn't bring me the cold leftovers from your table?"
"Listen, I was just being considerate," Rafe says, grinning and indulging in a blatant lie, pressing an earnest hand to his heart. "We worry about you, Daphne. About your nutrition, primarily."
"Well, instead of worrying about my...nutrition," she murmurs, her voice dropping a little, along with her lashes. "You could tell me why you're really here."
Rafe goes still for a moment, trying to think of something witty to say.
But god damn it that was never his realm of expertise -
Suddenly he gives up all pretense and moves, shoving Ariel's unappetizing decoy plate onto Daphne's tray in the same moment that he dips low, wrapping an arm around Daphne's thighs and pulling her up against him, hard and fast, as he moves into the room. The next moment her mouth is on his as he kicks the door closed, and god - the way she moans - the way she tastes -
He's nearly undone with it already.
Rafe stumbles over to Daphne's bed, sinking down onto it, taking her with him. She laughs as they go, kind of delighted, and Rafe is dizzy at the sound of it - the feel of her -
He pulls Daphne tight against him as he lays down in her tiny bed, his head falling back against the pillow, her knees finding a place on either side of his hips. Rafe doesn't even know how they do it - how they draw breath - between the fervid kisses - each one deeper than the last.
Each one pulling him in further so that he's drowning in her - in her heat, her scent, the feel of her body beneath his hands. Drowning, and happy to do it - to give it all up, everything.
Things slow then, growing more serious and intent after the shock of his sudden appearance passes. Rafe moves his mouth deliberately over hers, even as his wolf pants in his chest, desperate and aching for her. Still, he moves his hands slowly, exploring every inch of her as they kiss, moving down her back, over the swell of her ass that he can't help but grasp -
And god, fuck, but the shuddering little gasp that comes out of her when he does that -
He stirs, the weight of her on top of him absolute torture, the clothes between them...an abomination.
His hand slips lower until it reaches the hiked-up hem of her dress, his fingers slipping eagerly beneath -
But suddenly, she pulls away.
"Um, Rafe?"
His eyes slowly open and Rafe looks up at Daphne above him, struck dumb by the way her auburn curls look in this light - casting almost a halo around her head.
She frowns a little, confused at his nonresponse. "Rafe?"
He blinks and swallows, hard, finding his breath. "Yeah?" he says, sitting up a little. "Are you...are you okay? What's wrong?"
"Nothing," she says, smiling at him softly, tucking a strand of her hair behind her ear. "I think we just..." she hesitates, biting her lip, and Rafe clenches his teeth as his eyes move immediately to her mouth in that moment.
Because god does he wish that was his teeth right now, doing precisely the same thing.
Daphne laughs a little, and he returns his eyes to hers. "Rafe, I think we just need to...slow down a little?"
Rafe stares at her for a long moment, kind of appalled at the idea, because all he wants in the world right now is to...
But then he blushes scarlet, embarrassed that he hasn't even bothered to figure out if Daphne is in the same place as he is. If she, too, wants to rip off all their clothes and spend the next several hours so wrapped up in each other that they lose track of time, space. Everything.
And, obviously...he should have checked. Because clearly she does not.
###Chapter 0492
"Rafe," Daphne murmurs, clearly guilty as she reaches out and cups his cheek in her palm. "I'm sorry, I just -"
"No, Daphne," Rafe replies, laying back against the pillow and closing his eyes, moving his arms so that his hands press lightly against her back. "Don't be sorry - don't ever be sorry for something like that. If you want to slow down then we'll go slow." Daphne smiles a little, accepting the invitation his hands give to lay herself down over his broad chest, to tuck her head beneath his chin.
And as she does, Daphne feels incredibly guilty.
Because here is this perfectly wonderful prince, who she's had a crush on for literally years, who so clearly wants to be with her...
And all she can do is think about...
Well.
The less thought on what's actually on her mind, the better, for now.
At least while Rafe Sinclair is in her room, his arms tight around her, working hard to steady his breathing.
Daphne sighs, letting her own eyes drift shut. Wondering what the hell she's supposed to do next.
"So," Daphne whispers, working hard around the knot in her throat. "Tell me about your day, Rafe."
He sighs, laughing a little and holding her closer. "What do you want to know, Daph?" When I come back to the room after my workout with Blaze, the mood is unusually somber. And the room itself is unusually...empty.
"Where's Rafe?" I ask, putting my hands on my hips and frowning as I look around the room.
"He stole your dinner and took it down to Daphne's room," Jesse mutters, stabbing his pen at the page of the notebook resting in his lap. He's sitting moodily cross-legged in his chair, his head resting against his hand.
My mouth falls open in horror as my stomach turns, grumbling. "What!? Daphne doesn't need my food!"
"Apparently she did," Jesse snaps, raising his eyes to glower at me.
My own eyes go wide as I look at him because what the hell is this mood about?
But Ben, from his spot on the couch, looks up at me and hastily shakes his head. I do as he asks, falling silent, but after a moment I figure it out - why Jesse might be in a mood at Rafe's absence. What, precisely, he might be imagining happening downstairs. I grimace a little and turn away, sensing that my cousin needs his space to deal with his...emotions.
"Here, Ben and I saved you the best scraps," Luca says from an unusual spot on the floor, gesturing towards a plate resting by his side. I smile at my mate, moving quickly towards him as I push the door shut behind me.
But my smile immediately falls when I realize that the scraps are a couple of crusts of bread and the tail end of a piece of salmon.
"Luca!" I gasp, slumping down next to him on the floor. "This isn't dinner! This is...trash!"
"How dare you insult my gift," he growls, pulling me tight against him and making me laugh, "which I saved from the jaws of starving dogs for you, my love."
"Yeah, well," I sigh, leaning my back against him and grabbing one of the bread crusts, shoving it eagerly in my mouth. "Next time can you try to save some meat from those slavering jaws? Or like, cake? I'm starving."
"I will do my best, baby," Luca murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair. I swallow my bite, tilting my head back to grin at him, and Luca takes advantage, pressing a long, warm kiss to my mouth.
As he does, my poor hungry wolf turns in a contented circle and settles in my soul, warm and comforted.
"So," Luca whispers a moment later when he pulls away, smiling down at me. "Tell me about your day. I want to hear everything."
"Well, you're going to have to hear about it with my mouth full."
"Oh, I understand full-mouthed language," Luca murmurs, tightening his arm and pulling me closer. "The past several months with you have made me an expert."
I laugh, swatting at his leg, but then I begin, telling Luca all about my lesson with Blaze. Luca listens carefully, smiling a little as I give him every detail.
Rafe doesn't actually come back to the room until hours later, once Ben and Luca have gone to bed. To my surprise, Jackson is at Rafe's heels when he comes through the door.
"Really?" Jesse asks, perking up a little as the two of them come in. "Were you two...together?"
"No," Jackson replies, frowning a little at Jesse as he pushes the door shut behind him. "We just happened to run into each other a few moments ago in the hallway."
###Chapter 0493
Jesse's shoulder slump and he looks down at his bedspread, tracing his fingers across it.
Rafe, a little moody in turn, doesn't say anything and heads directly for his bed, opening his dresser and pulling out some pajamas.
"Where have you been!?" I bite out from my place in my nook when Jackson turns towards me. I snap my hands firmly to my waist, even if the effect of my rage is a bit ruined by the fact that I'm sitting cross-legged, and my pajamas are pink, and I have books and colored pens scattered all around me. "What, did you miss me?" Jackson asks, completely unperturbed, walking slowly across the room to me with his hands in his pockets, moving in a way that just...
Guh.
My breath all leaves me in a woosh and I just stare at him, shaking my head.
Jackson's face breaks into a broad grin as he feels absolutely all of my emotions coming over our bond with a rather embarrassing amount of clarity.
"I'll take that as a yes," he murmurs, his voice low, his eyes narrowing a little as he tilts his head and looks down at me in the bed.
"Not fair, McClintock," I growl, whipping a hand up to point at him. "You should -"
But before I can get any further Jackson's hand shoots out, whip fast, and grabs my wrist, hauling me up out of my blankets - scattering my books and pens everywhere - and up into his arms. I shriek in both protest and delight as I find myself suddenly high in the air, pressed to his chest, laughing down into his face.
He laughs too, smiling up at me, his arms wrapped low beneath my ass as my legs go around his waist.
"Seriously," I sigh, pouting and running my hands through his silky brown hair. "Why didn't you come to dinner? We talked about this."
"You said I didn't have to if I needed peace and quiet," he replies with a little shrug. "And I needed to study. Rafe and I have...kind of a big thing tomorrow."
"Really?" I ask, glancing over at Rafe, who is still moody as he finishes pulling his pajamas on and starts to stride for the bathroom. Because, I mean, apparently he was...not here doing homework tonight.
How big could it be?
"Hey," Jackson says, giving me a final squeeze and drawing my attention back to him as he lowers me to the floor. "You ready for bed?"
"Well, I was," I say with a sigh, turning and casting a hand out towards the wreckage of my bed. "Until someone came and destroyed my study space."
"Come on," Jacks says, giving me a warm pat on the booty. "I'm sorry. I'll help you clean it up."
Jackson does just that quite helpfully, even urging me to go wash up in the bathroom one last time while he finishes neatening the nook. When I come back and he goes to brush his teeth, a warm rush of delight runs through me when I see that Jackson has lined my pens and notebooks up on my desk just as I like them. My weird organizational methods are not something I ever laid out for Jacks, but which he clearly noticed anyway and took care to replicate them.
I sigh, flopping into my bed, delighted at how sweet and thoughtful Jackson can be.
"Yeah, yeah, rub it in," Jesse mutters across the room.
I frown, turning towards him. "What?"
"Can we all just go to bed?" Rafe grumbles from his own corner, now dark, where he's huddled down beneath the blankets.
I frown at him in turn, wondering what the hell is up with these two.
"Actually, no," Jackson says, striding out of the bathroom and surprising me by not climbing into our bed but instead sitting on the edge of it, resting his elbows on his knees and looking with interest at Rafe and Jesse. "What?" Rafe says, kind of angry, sitting up to glare at my mate. "Jackson, what are you talking about? We need to sleep, we're -"
"Before we sleep," Jackson cuts in smoothly, his voice deadly serious. "We need to talk about why you two," he points now between Jesse and Rafe, "can't see how creepy Alvez is with Ariel. And why Tony and I can." "What?" Rafe says, sitting up straight in his bed, his anger immediately washed away in his concern.
"Jackson," Jesse says, his head turned to the side like he's worried that Jacks has finally cracked or something. "What the hell are you talking about?"
###Chapter 0494
"I'm talking," Jackson says, looking evenly between my brother and my cousin, "about the fact that Alvez spends most of class giving Ariel seriously lewd looks -" "He so does not!" Rafe bursts out, appalled.
"He so does!" I counter, crawling forward on the bed to stare at my brother. "Like the entire time, Rafe!"
"Ari," Jesse says, folding his arms across his chest and shifting his gaze to me like I'm the one who might be crazy now. "I mean, I think we would have...noticed that."
"I know," Jackson says, nodding eagerly. "Which is why I think something's up."
"I like - I don't even get this," Rafe growls, running an aggravated hand through his hair. "I mean, Jacks, are you being overprotective because she's your mate? Are you looking too far into things that would otherwise -"
"Is he looking too far into the fact that Alvez grabbed me by the back of the head today?" I say, looking at my brother with wide, earnest eyes. "And like, pulled me in like he was going to kiss me?"
"What!?" Jesse and Rafe burst out simultaneously.
""He did!" I insist.
"Ariel!" Jesse barks out, staring at me, I think starting to get a little freaked out now. "I mean, we would have seen that -"
"It happened," Jackson says, pitching his voice louder to draw attention back to him. "I saw it and Tony saw it too - that's why I growled and Tony gasped. And you guys were looking but you just like...missed it. Something is up, guys."
Jesse and Rafe go quiet, staring at us, finally starting to see something. Because they definitely reacted to Tony and Jackson's reaction but...I guess they didn't see anything amiss.
"It happened before, too," I say, scooting closer to Jacks and pressing myself to his side, wanting his solid warmth next to me. "He gives me these creepy dirty looks all the time and no one sees it - he did it in that meeting with all of my professors, like looked me up and down like I was a piece of meat, and mom just sighed and was like 'oh isn't he so nice?"
"What the fuck," Jesse breathes, lifting his hands up and running them through his hair in a bewildered way, clearly starting to believe me.
"Is it...is it totally new?" Rafe asks, leaning towards me. "Like, did this just start?"
"Well, no," I say, my own hands reaching up to play anxiously with the ends of my own hair. "he's kind of been...creepy from the start."
"What!?" Rafe and Jesse burst out again.
"Well, I couldn't like, tell anyone!" I protest, casting a hand out in explanation. "You guys would have killed him, and then I would have gotten kicked out of school -"
A rough snarl breaks from Rafe as he whips the blankets off his body and basically leaps to his feet, his chest heaving and his eyes flashing. "Did he put his hands on you, Ariel?"
"Um," I say, my eyes going wide as I take in my brother's Alpha rage. "...no."
"Don't lie, Ariel," Jackson snaps, turning to glare at me.
"WHAT!?" Rafe storms forward towards me and Jesse scrambles out of bed, close on his tail.
"Jacks!" I growl, giving him a rough shove. "I was lying for a reason - now they're all worked up -"
"They need to know!" Jacks protests.
"Tell me, Ariel," Rafe growls, looming over me, livid. "Tell me right the fuck now if I need to go find Alvez and kill him." Jesse is his mirror image at his side, and my eyes go wide when I see my cousin's usually friendly face looking like he's ready to tear someone apart. "Would you two please calm down," I breathe, staring between them as I stretch my hands out towards them, palms flat. "I will explain everything, but nothing is happening tonight. Yes?"
"I'm not promising that," Rafe snaps.
"Well then I'm not telling you!" I counter.
"Then I'm just going to find him -" Rafe shouts, storming for the door.
But Jackson moves in a flash, faster than I knew he could, getting in front of Rafe and leaning back against the door, shaking his head at him. "Hear her out, Rafe," Jackson says, his voice low. "Don't you think that if I thought he needed to be killed for his actions that he'd be dead by now?"
"What the fuck do you know about this?" Rafe snarls, not liking the fact that Jackson's getting in his way.
"Let me tell you," Jackson growls back, gesturing back towards the room.
###Chapter 0495
Rafe sighs, clearly all worked up, and Jesse groans, turning away from me after giving me a quick glare.
"All right!" Jesse snaps, striding back towards his bed and fishing, bizarrely, for something behind his headboard. "Family meeting! We're all having a drink and we're talking this through. And if murder needs to happen, at least we'll be well lubricated." My eyes go wide as Jesse produces a bottle of liquor that he's clearly smuggled into school - and from its label, I can tell that he swiped it from dad's personal collection. "Jesse!" I gasp. "We're not allowed to have that!"
"Oh, get over it, princess, you goody-goody," Jesse says, giving me a little glare and pointing towards the couch as he strides for the bathroom, presumably to grab a couple of little paper cups to drink out of. "We have bigger problems tonight."
I sigh, and look at Jacks, who shrugs. Then, moving almost simultaneously, I push up off the bed as he moves away from the door. We reach the couch at the same moment and he wraps his arms around me, pulling me tight as we sit down together.
Rafe looks almost longingly at the door for a second before he sighs, resisting the urge to just go commit murder before he turns in for the night. He walks over to us and flops into his arm chair as Jesse reappears from the bathroom, setting out four little cups and pouring four drinks. Privately, I say a little prayer of thanks for Jesse's more wayward habits, because even the break of pouring us each a tiny glass has given everyone the moment we need to collect ourselves, gather up lost tempers, and get ready to talk. And I have to admit, as I sip the whiskey, it does go a long way towards settling my nerves.
"How long have you known about this?" Rafe asks, looking evenly at Jackson as he holds his empty cup out to Jesse, who obligingly refills.
"Long time," Jackson says seriously, meeting his eyes. "Before I knew Ariel was a girl, I felt... protective of her anyway. I guess I justified it to myself because Ari was just a shrimpy guy who was nice to me," Jackson glances at me here, "and I didn't want to see him being creeped on by this old professor. But, now I guess I'm more aware that it was the mating bond urging me to take care of her."
I grin up at him, a little delighted at that - I mean, I knew that he felt the urge to protect me even before he knew I was his mate, but it's nice to hear it again aloud. Jacks gives me a fond little smirk before turning back to Jesse and Rafe.
"So, what happened," Jesse asks, still quite serious as he lounges back in his chair, "beyond the creepy looks."
I take a deep breath but then tell them about the day that Alvez called me to his office, how he...made a move on me, for a lack of a better term. Made it very clear that he wanted it to go further, and that he held his knowledge of me being a girl above my head as a way to keep it a secret, but that Jackson's interruption clearly saved me.
Both Rafe and Jesse slump in their seats, their faces devastated, as I finish the story.
"You should have told us, Ari," Jesse says, hanging his head. "We would have...done something about it. It's a disgusting misuse of power, and I hate that that happened to you. I hate that you couldn't trust us to help you, either."
"But I was fine," I say, holding my hands out, begging them to believe me and feeling incredibly guilty. "If I told you two, you would have gotten Alvez fired - or killed - and it would have come out that I was a girl. And Jackson said he wasn't going to let me be alone with Alvez again, so...it was fixed."
Rafe just shakes his head, looking guilty in a way that breaks my heart. "You should have let us deal with it."
Something about that- the way my brother insists on handling my problems for me, even after all of this - makes me sigh, sadness creeping into my heart. Because even if I do appreciate that he wants to protect me, and I love him so much for that... will Rafe ever have enough faith in me to let me handle my life on my own?
###Chapter 0496
"I delt with it," I say, straightening my shoulders, frowning at my brother and my cousin. They both look up at me. "As best as I could, I delt with it. I did what I had to do to stay in the school, keep my secret, and keep myself protected." They both stare at me for a long moment before Rafe nods, tacitly acknowledging that there wasn't much else I could do that my route, as much as he doesn't like it, was probably the most effective one. Jackson tightens his arms around me slightly, lending me his warmth and support.
"Okay, fine," Jesse sighs, raising a hand and brushing it once, roughly, over his sleepy eyes. "No sense in making any of us feel guilty for what's passed. What do we do now?"
"We tell mom and dad," Rafe says immediately. "Get him fired."
"Don't you think that's hasty?" Jacks asks.
"No," Rafe replies, snapping his head up to glare at him. "Are you seriously telling me that -"
"Slow down, Rafe," Jacks snaps, frowning at my brother. "You're jumping to conclusions because you're pissed. Just...let me explain."
Rafe growls a little, deep in his chest, but acquiesces a moment later. I suppress a smile as my wolf dances a little inwardly, some part of me a little pleased to see my big tough brother put in his place. I mean, I love Rafe, but he does kind of barrel through conversations when he's lost his temper like this - and it's kind of nice to have someone around who's not afraid to counter him.
"I do want Alvez gone," Jackson says, glancing at me. "I think he's dangerous and I don't think Ariel should have to put up with his shit anymore. But I want to know what's going on with him and his ability to - I don't know, distract everyone? Or at least, some of us? There's something to it, but to me it feels like...magic."
Jackson frowns, looking to me for support, asking silently if I feel the same. I nod, agreeing, and turn my attention to Rafe and Jesse. "I would also like to know before he's gone," I say, firm. "Besides, guys, he's such a crap professor - honestly, there has to be someone who can better help you figure out your magic a little more quickly."
"Well," Rafe says, glancing at Jesse, "I think it's fair to say that none of us ever liked him, but I'm amenable to the idea of figuring out what's going on with this...distraction thing, if that's what we're calling it. But what do you think it is? Is he like, intentionally blocking some of us, and letting others in?"
"But why would he let Tony see?" I ask, frowning at the idea.
"Is it like, some people's magic lets them see it?" Jesse offers, tilting his head to the side. But then he frowns at Jacks, clearly wondering why Jackson could see, as Jesse still doesn't know about Jackson's access to his gifts.
"No, Ella was fooled too," Jacks says, sighing and crossing his arms as he leans back against the couch, cleverly finding another way to end this supposition without spilling his secret.
The boys nod, taking the point, and then four of us are quiet for a moment together, sitting in the dark in our pajamas in our Castle tower, thinking over our options. And even as I know that this is serious and upsetting, a little spark of happiness dances in my soul because...I really like my life. And I like that Jackson is here, and that my brother and my cousin are so eager to stand up for me.
I'm just...really, really lucky.
"I think we should set a trap," Rafe says suddenly, drawing my attention back to him.
"A trap!?" I ask, sitting up straight in surprise.
"I mean, not a complicated one. I just think we want answers to these questions, sooner rather than later," Rafe says, nodding to me. "I think we need to get Alvez alone with the four of us and that the easiest way to do that is to...get him alone in his office. Let's wait for him to ask you for the private tutoring or whatever, Ari. Then, when he's in here waiting at the arranged time, we all show up."
###Chapter 0497
"With weapons," Jesse growls, his eyes lighting a bit devilishly.
"No weapons," Jacks snaps and Jesse's face drops into a scowl. "We don't need them, and we're not giving him any reason to disintegrate us on the spot. Alvez is powerful - don't forget that. We don't want him to feel so threatened that he acts out." "Fine, just a couple of weapons," Jesse says, spreading out his hands like it's a great concession. "Small ones."
"After that," Rafe says, looking at me evenly and ignoring Jesse's antics. "He's gone. Okay?"
"Okay," I say, nodding and breathing out a sharp breath, pressing my hands together on top of my knees. "That will be...good. And then for magic class..."
"The school can figure that out," Jackson murmurs, placing a hand on my back and rubbing it up and down comfortingly. "That's not our problem."
"True," I sigh, and then I smile a little as I look around at everyone. "Thanks, guys," I whisper. "For having my back."
"Anytime, Ari," Jesse says, beaming at me.
"Yeah, we love you," Rafe says, getting to his feet, heaving a yawn and stretching his arms above his head. "Though if you could arrange for me to have your back at a more reasonable hour next time, sis, that would be great."
I laugh a little, jumping to my feet and wrapping my arms tight around Rafe's waist while he's otherwise distracted. Rafe laughs, looking down at me and dropping his arms to give me a little hug.
"All right, go away," Rafe murmurs, laughing a little and shoving me gently towards Jackson, who scoops me up in his arms and carries me away towards the nook. Jesse likewise gives us a sleepy little wave, heading for his own bed. "Come on, tiny," Jacks murmurs, sitting down hard on the bed and curling me up against him as he lays down. "Let's go to sleep."
"Okay," I say, sighing happily and letting my eyes drift shut as Jackson strokes his hand softly over my hair and down my back, again and again. "See you cliffside in a little bit."
""Can't wait."
During the run the next morning, Rafe sets one hell of a pace, and every single one of them can tell that it's not because he's eager to exercise for the joy of it. Nope, it's very clear to everyone that Rafe's trying to outrun his emotions. Jackson keeps up with him, going stride for stride, his steady face giving no indication of flagging. But Ariel has no chance of keeping up.
Jackson glances over his shoulder for her, concerned, but when Jesse waves a hand and slows down, indicating that he'll keep pace with her, Jackson turns his attention back to the run.
Jackson and Rafe go further than they have before - out into the wilds around the Academy, so far that the Castle disappears from sight behind them. It's only when Rafe's own footsteps begin to slow as they crest a hill that Jackson's do too. The pair slacken, and then slow, and then come to a stop at the top of the hill, Rafe bending over a little with his hands on his waist, panting.
"Why," Rafe says in between big breaths, looking up at Jackson a little. "Are you so fucking fit? I can outrun everyone - literally everyone - I've ever met except for you. And I'm beat now and you're not even breathing hard."
Jackson just looks at Rafe evenly, frowning a little, wiping some sweat off his brow. "I'm...a little out of breath," he says, even though he is patently not.
The prince just stares at his sister's mate, waiting for an answer, until Jackson sighs and heaves a little shrug. "I have limitless energy," he says casually, like it's no big deal.
Rafe just rolls his eyes, turning away a bit, annoyed by the joke instead of the explanation.
"No, Rafe," Jackson says, reaching for his arm and pulling Rafe back. "I mean... that's my power - that's my magic, all right? Ariel already knows. I just...never run out of energy. I don't really need to sleep or eat unless I want to - at least, not for a long time." "Whoa," Rafe says, straightening up and staring at his friend, kind of shocked.
###Chapter 0498
Jacks just stands and looks back at Rafe, a little awkward, waiting for him to react to the secret he just told.
"That's really cool," Rafe whispers.
"So, you probably are fitter than me," Jacks says with a shrug. "Just...not magically powered. Why the hell did we run so far today?"
"I don't know," Rafe says, sighing and turning away from Jackson a little, looking out over the distance. "I just...wanted to run. And then I was pissed at you for keeping up with me, so I tried to wear you out. Which...obviously backfired."
Jacks smirks a little, standing close at Rafe's side and likewise looking out over the countryside. The two are quiet for a minute before Jackson, uncharacteristically, breaks the silence. "Jesse said," he murmurs, "that...when your friends are upset you just...be there for them. Just stay by their side, even if they don't want to talk. That's what I was trying to do. I'm sorry if it pissed you off even more - if I'd have known, I'd have let you beat me."
Rafe sighs, glancing over at his friend, kind of cursing the fact that he's such a great guy. Because it would be a hell of a lot easier to be pissed at him, and the rest of the world, if he wasn't. And right now, Rafe's feeling like he's not yet finished being angry. "How'd you know I was pissed?" he asks, crossing his arms and sighing, guessing that he probably has to give it up sometime.
"You're all...quiet and moody," Jackson sighs, still looking out over the landscape. "I mean, you're sometimes quiet, but you're never moody. You're the most even-tempered guy I've ever met."
"You're more perceptive than I thought you were," Rafe murmurs, turning to study Jacks a little.
Jackson doesn't look back at him, not bothered by being studied by the crown prince. "I mean, I know you guys think I grew up in a box or something, Rafe, but I did have friends in the Community. Best friends. I know how to read emotions, especially in guys who usually tuck them away."
Rafe smirks a little and shakes his head, sighing, surprised again by the group's adopted Alpha foundling.
"Fine," Rafe sighs, crossing his arms and looking away, not wanting to make eye contact while he talks about it. "It's Daphne."
Jackson hums noncommittally, not pushing, letting Rafe take control of the conversation.
"It's just," Rafe sighs, frustrated, running a hand through his damp hair, "last night when I went down to see her it was just...very obvious that we're not on the page with our...relationship. Or whatever this is." Jackson makes a curious noise deep in his throat, encouraging Rafe to continue.
"And it's not just about sex and physical stuff," Rafe grumbles, casting his eyes out over the beautiful, austere winter landscape. "It's the conversation too - I'm ready to go like... deeper, to really connect, but Daphne feels...resistant to that. Like she doesn't want to go deeper with me...to let me in." He sighs again, shaking his head, allowing himself to feel all of his frustration. "I just...really like her, Jacks. I'm ready to make her like, my girlfriend, be official - and I've never felt that way about anyone before. But Daphne is holding back - I can feel it. And my wolf knows it too."
"Maybe it's because she knows she's not your mate," Jacks says, shrugging a little.
Rafe snaps his head to frown at him. "How the hell do you know that?"
"Well, is she?" Jacks asks, turning his head and giving Rafe a frown in return.
"No," Rafe bites out with a scowl, tightening his arms across his chest. "I mean, at least, my wolf says she's not."
"Your wolf would know," Jackson says, nodding and looking back towards the country again. "You'll know, when your mate comes. It's instant. Undeniable."
"Wait, how do you know I have a mate?" Rafe asks, sharp.
"Ariel told me," Jackson replies, even, making Rafe blanche at the fact that she spilled a secret he so recently told her. "Ariel tells me everything."
Rafe huffs a laugh, turning back to gaze over the hills as well. "Well, that's annoying."
"No it's not, it's...great," Jacks says, fighting a smile as he thinks of her but wanting to stay serious for Rafe's sake.
Rafe laughs a little, ruefully, and shakes his head. "Well at least she found someone who likes to listen to her talk. It's her favorite hobby, inherited from our mom."
###Chapter 0499
Jacks nods, solid. "She's really funny. And...surprising. I never know what she's going to say next. It's just..." he shrugs, at a loss for words. "Great."
Rafe smiles a little, unable to help it, pleased that these two found each other. But he sighs again, still troubled.
"Do you want my perspective?" Jacks asks, turning to his friend.
Rafe sighs and turns as well, meeting Jackson's eyes. "Lay it on me, kid."
Jackson rolls his shoulders, loosening them after their long run. "If Daphne is the one who needs to take it slower, go by her schedule. There's no point in dragging her up to your speed - let her set the pace. And if you tell her that that's what you're doing, she'll probably be grateful that you care about what she wants and you two will be stronger for it."
Rafe twists his mouth to the side, wishing it wasn't such good advice. Wishing he'd thought of it himself. "Where did you learn so much about relationships?" he mutters, rueful.
"The internet," Jacks says, so bland that Rafe bursts out laughing. "There is a lot about relationships on the internet - I did some research. And yeah, your sister," Jacks continues, smiling again. "I spend a lot of time thinking about what will make her happy. She does the same. I think it...works."
"Well, shit," Rafe says, shaking his head at Jackson. "It sounds simple enough. I guess I can give it a try."
Jackson shrugs like he hopes it helps but also like he doesn't think he did much. Rafe just smiles, suddenly grateful to have Jacks in his life. Especially as...well, for some reason, it doesn't seem like he can talk to Jesse about this.
"What happens," Rafe says with a frown, the question forming on his tongue before he even realizes he's going to ask it. "If she...never gets up to my speed?"
Jackson meets Rafe's eyes then, a little sad. "I mean, then I think you have your answer."
Rafe exhales, long and deep, hating the idea. He takes a moment, staring out at the newly-risen sun, wondering passively about what a future without Daphne would look like. Like...would she...find someone else, someone she likes more? God, even the thought of it....
Rafe presses his eyes closed and presses the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger, erasing the thought from his mind. It's not his reality right now, after all. No point in dwelling on it.
"All right," Rafe says, dropping his hand and shaking his head, turning back in the direction of the castle. "You want to head back?"
"Yup," Jackson says, starting off at a jog that Rafe matches. "If we go fast, we can probably still beat Ariel and Jesse."
Rafe laughs, starting to say that that's not necessary, but then he tilts his head to the side, considering it. "Actually," he says, picking up the pace a little and starting to really run, approaching a sprint. "Let's try to do that. That will really piss her off." Jackson laughs and matches the prince's pace. Together, they make record time back to the Castle.
"This sucks. This sucks!" I moan about thirty minutes later when Jesse and I arrive back at the Castle door to find Rafe and Jackson leaning against it, drinking casually from their water bottles, not even out of breath. "What sucks?" Rafe asks, grinning at me, too innocent.
"You two!" I pant, pointing an angry finger at the hill over which they ran. "Went way over there! I should have got back here first! You're just showing off, you jerks!"
"We would never do that to you, Ariel," Jackson says, his voice guileless even as he grins at me. Jacks shakes his head at me like he can't believe I would ever accuse him of such a thing, which is a step too far.
I narrow my eyes at my mate for a second, a snarl forming on my lips, and then I launch myself at him, my fingers curled like claws, a vehement attack. Jackson just bursts out laughing and snatches me out of the air by the waist, effectively countering my murder attempt in half a second before tossing me over his shoulder and stepping away with me to the side as I burst out laughing, smacking him hard with the palms of my hands.
###Chapter 0500
"Oh, put me down," I sigh, defeated, going limp and smacking at Jackson's back as Jesse and Rafe likewise step aside, checking in on each other, speaking softly. "I'm shamed enough by my lack of athleticism, you don't have to rub it in."
"You did very good today," Jacks lies, setting me back down on my feet and slipping his hands into his pockets, I think to avoid the urge to touch me more, to pull me in tight against him like I very much want him to. My wolf howls sharply at being so denied and I sigh, grinning at my mate. But then I glance at my brother, deep in conversation with my cousin, and step closer to Jackson. "So, what was that about?"
"Rafe was in a mood," Jacks says casually, glancing over at him. "We talked it out."
"Well?" I press, stepping even closer and peering up at him eagerly. "What did he say?"
"Um, he said it's a bro secret," Jacks says, his face breaking into a brilliant grin. "And that I don't have to tell you everything. And that he and I are allowed to have privacy, because we're friends, without you butting in." I scoff, aghast, even as - secretly, inwardly - I'm thrilled to see the pair of them growing closer. But still - the great sin of denying me gossip deserves immediate punishment. I pitch forward, giving Jacks a hearty shove that, as usual, doesn't make him budge at all. "Jacks! That's so unfair! I tell you everything!"
"Which is your choice, Clark," Jacks says, smirking at me as he works hard to keep his hands in his pockets, knowing that public displays of affection are forbidden. Even though I can tell that it's killing him a little bit right now.
"You'll pay for this." I growl, leaning forward with my hands on my hips, glaring up into his face.
"Can't wait," he counters, leaning forward until our faces are quite close. Much closer than they should be. My breath hitches a little in my chest.
"If you two are done being...weird," Jesse calls over to us, and we both turn towards him with guilty smiles. "Then shall we go to class? We're running late, since two of the four of us decided to go on an emotional journey."
Rafe laughs but smacks Jesse on the shoulder, heading inside. I grin, glad to see my brother in a better mood - because we all knew something was up this morning. I turn my smile on Jackson as we follow the pair of them into the castle, glad that he was there for my brother, glad that he apparently helped.
"What do you have going on today?" Jacks asks, returning my smile.
But unfortunately, it's precisely the wrong question to ask. My smile drops immediately into a scowl as we enter the elevator after Rafe and Jesse. "Marksmanship," I say with a sigh. "I'm crazy nervous about it."
"Why?" Jacks asks, frowning at me and wrapping a warm arm around my shoulders after the doors shut and we have a moment of relative privacy. "You're a great shot and the Captain likes you - he bet on you. You made him a bunch of money."
"My inheritance," Jesse sighs, mockingly mournful. I grin at him, but then look back to Jacks.
"I just...want to be good at it," I say with a sigh. "And now that I'm the only student, I feel a great deal of pressure. I know I'm being irrational, I'm just...nervous."
"You'll be great," Jacks says, giving me a squeeze and a kiss on my hair just before the doors open on his floor. "Stay confident! You'll shoot better if you're confident!"
Then he gives me a final grin before turning and walking away down the hall, waving over his shoulder as he goes.
"Look at him, learning to wave goodbye when he leaves," Jesse murmurs as the elevator doors slide shut. "Becoming so cultured."
"Yeah, he's doing good," Rafe says fondly, his eyes still on the doors.
And I step close to my brother, happy and pleased that he's found a real friend in my mate.
When I get to the gym where we usually hold the sniping-track classes, the Captain is waiting for me. But to my surprise, he immediately hefts a bag with a thick fabric strap up onto his shoulder when he sees me, lifting his chin towards the door. "Back out," he says, a tiny smile deepening one corner of his mouth. "We've got a new spot for you, Clark."
###Chapter 0501
"Oh," I say, stepping aside quickly so he doesn't bowl me over as strides out the door. And then I quickly follow as he moves down the hall, doing my best to stay at his side even if it means that I have to do a ridiculous little trot instead of a walk. "Where are we going?" "Outside," the Captain says, glancing down at me. "I'm making the call, Shrimp. Your training record thus far suggests that you should focus on one weapon - and that you can handle it."
My eyes light up as I glance down again at the bag over his shoulder, thrilled suddenly, dying to know what's in there.
But the captain's rich laugh brings my eyes back up to him as he pushes a door open and we step out into the sunshine. "Don't get too excited, Princess," he murmurs, shaking his head and beginning to stride across the field with me in tow. "Your training is about to get very, very monotonous."
Desperate to know what he means by that, I follow quickly as the Captain leads us over to one side of the field with what looks like... god, I don't know, a telephone pole? With a big flat wooden deck on top? As we go, we talk quietly about my missing comrades - both of whom he informs me failed the Chemistry exam, to my chagrin - as well as the need for snipers within our nation.
"As you can thus imagine," the captain says, slowing his pace a little as we approach the pole. "Your training in this field is very important to us, Clark. I fought hard for Neumann to pass one of the other boys through, but he refused - said he wouldn't have a dummy in his classroom or up in the blinds."
I frown, glancing upwards, wondering if that's what this is a blind.
"Welp," The Captain says, giving my shoulder a little shove towards the pole, which has metal spokes sticking out on either side. "Up you go, Cadet."
My eyes go wide as I return them to him. "Me? All the way up there?"
"What," the captain says, laughing at me a little. "You're not scared of heights, are you?"
I scowl a little, because the truth is that I am, just a little bit - they make my knees go wobbly. But, well, I guess it's time to get over that. I reach out for the first handle but before I do, the Captain stops me and slings the bag over my shoulder. I stumble backwards a little bit at the weight and he laughs at me.
"Gonna have to get used to that," he says with a happy sigh. Then he gives my shoulder another friendly shove and I start up the pole, pulling myself up arm over arm, step by step, secretly grateful to Rafe and Jesse for making me do so many pull-ups.
When I get to the stop, my arms are shaking both from the strain and also, a bit, from the dizzying height. I mean, I'm probably not even that high up...but god, it feels like it, on this tiny platform that only has a single very flimsy-looking rail all around it.
I quickly scoot backwards on my butt to make room for the Captain, who follows behind me. "W-why are we so high up?" I ask, reaching anxiously for the rail to steady myself.
"Because," the captain answers, looking at me evenly as he pulls his whole body up onto the platform and sits as casually as if he's having a picnic in a meadow. "The grounds around Atalaxia where the majority of the fighting is happening right now are rigid and cliffy with lots of vantage points that make it quite auspicious for a sniper - especially one who can shoot far and from great heights. I'd usually start a young Cadet like you on the ground, but if we have to send you to the front, I want you trained in the kinds of shooting that will best benefit the cause."
I look at the Captain seriously and give a single nod, letting him know that I understand, that I'll work hard at it.
"Good," he says simply, turning his attention back to the package in front of him. I lean forward, eager, as he unzips it. And when he finally pushes the canvas back?
Immediately I let go of the rail, forgetting all about my fear of heights. Because what's inside...god, it's just so...pretty.
###Chapter 0502
"Wow..." I whisper, leaning forward, my hand shooting out to touch the long, slim silver rifle that the Captain lifts out of the bag and sets up straight, balancing it on its two bipod legs so it stands up on its own. At the last second, I pull my hand back, not sure if I should. "Go on," the captain says, and I look up into his face to see a proud smile there. "I had this commissioned for you about a month ago - just got delivered over the weekend. Damn lucky you passed that Chemistry exam, too, because if the military had to pay for a lightweight miniature rifle like this that no one else could use..." his cheeks puff out as he imagines it. "I'd have hell to pay to your uncle."
I laugh a little, shaking my head as I lean forward and run a hand over the barrel and the forestock. "You had it made for me? It's...small?"
"To your specifications, yes," the captain says with a proud sigh. "It's one-of-a-kind and top of the line, Cadet, so. Don't drop it off the blind or anything. Cost a pretty penny. Want to see how she shoots?"
Desperately pleased I look up at the Captain and laugh a little, nodding eagerly.
He grins back at me and then we sit close together as he points out the features of the gun, shows me how to assemble and disassemble it, and then how to load it with the bullets from the bottom of the bag. When he's finished with that, we both lay out on our stomachs and he points out the white target below on the other side of the field.
I blink, doing a double take because...I mean, it's so small from this vantage point that I didn't even notice it at first. Surely, that's too far away!
"Are you serious?" I murmur, a little appalled. "Shouldn't I shoot at something...closer to start?"
"You'll be shooting ten times that distance in a few weeks," the Captain murmurs, making my eyes fly wide. But he doesn't look over at me, instead peering through the rifle's sight and recalibrating it. "Now be quiet and watch what I do."
I do as I'm told and the Captain narrates his actions as he lays down his stomach and positions himself next to the gun, telling me how he's taking aim, how he's attempting to control his breathing and his body movements, how he's paying attention to the way that the breeze is blowing. Then, once he's ready, he moves his finger to the trigger and deftly pulls it.
To my surprise, the gun barely makes any noise - just a little puffing sound, no louder than a snap. The Captain stays still for a second and then sits up.
I glance over at the target and then back at him. "Did you hit it?" I whisper, a little breathless.
"You tell me," the Captain says, smirking proudly, and then he pulls the scope deftly off the rifle and hands it to me.
A little tickled at the fact that it doubles as a spyglass, I look through the scope and gasp when I see that he did indeed hit the target - not precisely dead center, but still a solid shot.
Eager, laughing in my excitement, I lower the scope and push it back at him. "Put it back on! Let me try!"
The Captain, pleased, laughs at my enthusiasm but does as I say, showing me how to reattach the scope and then helping me lay down flat on my belly. He then coaches me through my position and my steps, helping me adjust when necessary. Finally, I take in a deep breath and pull the trigger.
But to my disappointment...
Nothing changes down the scope.
"Crap," I mutter, lifting my head up and peering at the target without the aid of the scope, as if that will change something. "I...I missed."
"To be expected, Cadet," the Captain says patting me warmly on the back. But I scowl and sit up, folding my legs beneath me, a little disappointed. He laughs at me again, shaking his head. "What, did you think it would be easy?"
###Chapter 0503
"Well, it's fancy," I say, gesturing to the gun. "And it has a scope. You point the crosshairs at the target and you shoot - it should work!"
He laughs at me again, I think genuinely pleased and entertained. "It's going to take a long time to get good at it, kid," he says, smiling at me and patting me on the shoulder. "You've got to learn the gun, how to adjust to the height, the wind patterns, your own bodily movements. Then once you've done that, I want you to master it sitting, and standing. Then we'll move the target further out, and so on." He nods to me, smirking as my eyes go wider and wider at each item on the list.
"It's going to take a long time, kid," he says. "And I want you out here every day practicing on your own time. If you only come once a week with me, it will take seven times as long to get you where we need you."
My mouth falls open a little at this because when - when the hell am I supposed to fit that in!?
"Problem with that order, Cadet?" he asks, an eyebrow going up. "Because I can take the gun back..."
I snap my mouth shut and straighten my shoulders. "No sir," I say immediately, putting a possessive hand on my new favorite possession. "I'll do it. I'll...figure it out."
"Right answer," the Captain says. "Now let's get out of here." Together we pack up the gun and sling it over my shoulder, heading down the makeshift ladder towards the ground. I hold my breath almost the whole way, hating going down much more than I hate going up, and only half listening to the Captains instructions about saving my targets from my individual practice so that he can evaluate them. He only pulls my attention fully back to him when my feet are on the ground and he says my name.
"We need you, Ariel," the Captain says, clapping a warm hand on my shoulder. I look up at him, surprised and a little awed that he's not calling me Clark, pretending that nothing's changed. "Our army is currently lacking in sharp shooters - we've got a few grunts that can shoot from a distance, but a real sniper? Who can put a hole in a quarter from a mile or more?"
I blink a him in shock because - does he seriously think I can do that someday?
"You could make a real difference in this war, Ariel," the Captain says seriously, tightening his fingers on my shoulder. "Besides, the sooner you get good at this, the more desirable you'll be as a candidate in the Games. Not that I imagine either Jackson or your brother will let you be picked last, but if you can actually snipe - you'll be a help instead of a hindrance."
I frown as I look up at him, taking a step back. "Wait, what are you talking about?" I ask, tilting my head to the side. "What are the Games?"
He laughs again, shaking his head at me. "Why don't you know these things, Ariel? Every other Cadet in this school knows what's coming up this semester."
I scowl, looking away, embarrassed. "The boys...kind of tell me what I need to know when I need to know it."
"Well, then be sure they tell you about this," the Captain says, giving me a steady nod and turning back to the castle. "No time for it now. Let's get you in for your lesson with that madwoman Neumann insisted on hiring for you."
I can't help it - I burst out laughing as I trot at the Captain's side with my new rifle slung over my shoulder, eager to keep up.
###Chapter 0504
"You're late!" Faiza says, sing-song, as I push open the door to her office and skitter inside.
"I know, I'm sorry," I say, panting a little as I shut the door behind me, leaning against it as I try to catch my breath. "I had to learn how to put my rifle away, lock it up."
"Rifle?" she asks, raising an eyebrow, instantly interested. I grin, nodding eagerly, and Faiza likewise smiles at me from where she's sitting behind her desk with her feet up on it, lounging back in her chair. "Cool," she says, her eyes flashing, genuinely intrigued. "It is cool," I sigh happily, pushing away from the door and taking my seat across from her.
"You know, I never got into guns," she says, pulling her feet down and leaning across the desk towards me, leaning her weight on her elbows. "Knives just seem so much more...personal."
I just stare at my tutor, shaking my head at her. "Sometimes, Faiza," I whisper, wrinkling my nose, "you say the weirdest stuff."
She bursts out laughing and leans back again in her chair, grinning at me. "So," she says on a happy sigh when her laughter fades. "Have you been practicing?"
"Yeah, but I'm crap at it," I mutter, with a sigh and reaching into my bag, pulling out the sack of marbles she gave me and tossing them onto the desk. "Everyone found me out. Absolutely everyone."
The last time we met Faiza began to teach me the basics of pickpocketing and sleight of hand, which apparently are going to be incredibly useful to me in my future life as a spy for this nation - though how, especially if I'm stuck up in a sniper blind, I haven't yet quite figured out. But apparently, the easiest way to learn how to pickpocket is to start not by sneaking things out of people's pockets - but sneaking things into them.
Unfortunately, Rafe, Jesse, Jackson, Luca, and Ben all caught me as I attempted to slip marbles into their pockets at varying points over the past two days. So did Blaze. Daphne I almost got - until I realized that her dress didn't have pockets and the marble went clattering to the floor.
"Booo, Ariel," Faiza says, frowning at me in disappointment. "You know that you have to be punished for this now, right?"
"What?" I gasp, sitting up straight and staring at her. "Why!? How!? It's not my fault I'm bad at this!"
"You're being punished because, one," Faiza says, pressing her fingers delicately to her chest, "punishments are the great delight of my life. And two, because you're privileging your other lessons over mine! This is just as serious as sniper rifles and poisonous substances, Ariel! Those disciplines are trying to teach you how to use weapons, but I'm trying to teach you how to become one. This is essential stuff, even if it feels basic!"
I sit back in my chair, nodding. Because when I think about it, I suppose she's right - I did let that practice fall to the back of my homework plate.
"Ariel," she says, snapping her fingers in my face and making me look at her. "Listen to me when I say this."
I sit up straight, intrigued by her serious expression, her lack of glib remarks.
"These assignments - they might feel stupid right now - marbles in pockets, I know it seems silly. But being able to steal a quarter from someone's waistcoat eventually turns into being able to slip poison into a cup unseen. To being able to hand a note to someone without anyone else noticing - or distracting a man while you steal the key to his room. Okay? So just...give it the attention it deserves."
"Okay," I sigh, newly determined, a little disappointed in myself. "What is my punishment?"
A wicked grin takes Faiza's face.
"Your punishment," Faiza says, leaning forward with a wicked grin as she pulls something out of her pocket and smacks it down on the desk between us. "Is learning close-up magic." "What!?"
"Yes, I'm making you an amateur magician," she sighs, shaking her head sadly as she lifts her hand, revealing a deck of cards. "The worst fate that can befall someone. Your sexual appeal to literally anyone is about to take a serious hit, Ariel. Please apologize to the hot one for me."
###Chapter 0505
I laugh a little, shaking my head at her, not getting it. "Please, Faiza. Explain."
"Look, close-up magic is nerdy as hell," she says, leaning forward and talking to me seriously now. "But it teaches you a great deal about how to do things in plain sight. And if you can't even sneak marbles into your sexy brother's pockets -" "Oh, don't be gross," I sigh, wrinkling my nose at her again.
She just laughs, grinning at me, "then you clearly need to learn how to be faster and sneakier with your hands. It all makes sense."
I sigh, seeing her point and looking down at the cards. "Okay, I'm in. What do we do?"
"I'm going to teach you three card tricks," Faiza says, picking up the dark and flourishing the cards in a very cool way that lets me know that she is very good at this. "And I want them mastered in two days' time. Or else I'm going to make you learn how to mime or something even worse."
I grin, leaning forward and nodding to my teacher, letting her know that I'm game.
Faiza spreads the cards out on the desk and begins to explain and I concentrate hard, eager to get started.
I'm still messing with the cards, attempting to flip them around in my hand lightening-fast and without being noticed the way Faiza taught me, when I turn the corner in the hall towards the gym where I meet Blaze every night.
And I nearly drop the deck of cards all over the floor when I see Luca sitting on the floor outside my gym, his back pressed against the wall, reading a book of all things. "W-what are you doing here?" I ask, stumbling a little as I grasp at the cards, clutching them to my chest so they don't go flying everywhere.
Luca looks up at me, surprised, but then breaks into a grin, holding up a hand. "Sorry, sorry," he says, taking in what must be a pretty ridiculous sight - his mate, dressed as a boy, with 52 playing cards held flat against her body, each of them threatening to fall at any second. "I don't mean to interrupt - I'm just here as bodyguard to walk you back to the room when you're done your lesson."
I scowl a little, straightening up and managing to get some control over the cards, putting them back in order. "Did Rafe send you?" Stupid Rafe, so over-protective.
"He didn't," Luca says, still grinning at me. "But I took his point quite seriously, Ari - you're still vulnerable walking these hallways alone. None of us are excited about the prospect of you going anywhere alone until you can protect yourself."
I sigh, rolling my eyes a bit but taking his point. Before I can ask anything else, though, the door to the gym opens and Blaze peeks out, immediately taking in both me and the big Alpha sitting on the floor. "You are late, pupil," he says, giving me a cheerful smile. "Sorry, Blaze," I say, grinning at him and hurrying towards the door. "I was just talking to Luca. But I'm here, and I'm ready!"
"Luca," Blaze says, turning the name over in his mouth like it's a mysterious new thing and looking down at my mate.
Luca looks up from his awkward position and gives Blaze a little wave. Blaze's grin grows wider.
"Is this creature yours, little bird?" Blaze asks, pointing down at Luca on the floor.
I laugh a little at the phrasing but nod, tucking the deck of cards away into my book bag. "Yeah, he's mine."
"Well then," Blaze murmurs, smiling between the two of us before he moves back into the gym, his voice floating along behind him as he goes. "You should bring it inside, then."
I laugh a little, turning to Luca with a shrug. "You want to come in?"
His smile back at me is brilliant. "Of course I do."
###Chapter 0506
"You can sit there, Ariel's boy," Blaze says, waving a general hand towards the wall by the door as Luca follows me into the small gym and pulls the door shut behind him. "You are not to interrupt. Read your book, if you would, or watch. But no talking." Luca raises his eyebrows at me, I think a little baffled and intrigued by this bossy little man, but he nods and does as he's told, taking a seat by the wall and settling his bookbag on the ground next to him. As I drop my own bag by the door and head to the center of the room, Luca pulls out the same book he was reading in the hall and opens it in his lap, starting to read it. Or at least, pretending to.
"Hands behind your back," Blaze says, taking his familiar, relaxed fighting stance across from me and raising his own hands. When I exhale a deep breath and knot my hands behind my back, he nods once. "And we begin."
Blaze is instantly moving, as he always does, his hands like knives in the air coming for me so quickly that I can barely see them. I move backwards, dodging his blows as best I can. When I run out of space on the mat, I move swiftly to the left - which is when he gets me. "Hahaa, princess," Blaze says, smacking me hard on the shoulder. "Got you."
I scowl a little, glaring at him. "You always get me."
"You are getting faster though, little bird," he says quietly, wrapping an arm around my shoulder and leading me back to the center of the room. "I see your progress. Soon, when you can get all around the room without a touch, I will teach you how to block."
We continue like this for a long time - what feels like hours even though I know it's less. And honestly, even though it seems basic, it's all that we do. On our first private meeting together I was surprised when Blaze made me put my hands behind my back - told me that I wouldn't learn to strike at all until I could learn to properly dodge.
"You cannot hit," he had said, his cheerful smile on his lips, "if someone is already punching you in the face."
And then he'd smacked me across the cheek, pretty hard, to demonstrate his point that I really, really needed to learn how to evade the kinds of blows that would take me out.
Unfortunately, I'm not very good at it yet. But like he said - I am getting better. When we first started a few days ago I could barely get one step without Blaze smacking me. But he taught me some techniques about how to watch for movement, how to predict the direction of the next blow - how to even control my opponent's next actions, in part, by how I move my own body in response. The work is fascinating and engrossing, engaging my mind as much as my body.
And I have to admit - I love it, and I'm improving. By the time the class ends, I make it nearly halfway around the room before Blaze gets a touch in.
"Very good, little bird," Blaze murmurs, stepping forward and giving me a big hug even though I'm all sweaty and gross. I laugh a little, hugging him back. "In a few short months we will teach you how to do it with a knife in your hand, and then you will be a dangerous little animal indeed."
"Cool," I say, panting a little and grinning as I pull back. "I'm excited for that part."
"I am too," Blaze says, giving me a steady nod. Then, to my surprise, he turns to look at Luca. "And what does the creature think?"
"Me?" Luca asks, looking up at us and pointing a thumb at his chest.
"Yes, you," Blaze says slowly - perhaps a little too slow, like he thinks Luca might not understand. I laugh and Luca grins.
"I think it's cool," Luca says, closing his book and looking between the two of us. "I've never seen a technique like that before - it's really interesting."
"And you are a fighter?" Blaze asks, his eyes sweeping expertly over the well-muscled set of Luca's shoulders, well-formed by years of boxing.
###Chapter 0507
"I am," Luca says seriously, pushing up from the floor as he intuits that the lesson is done. "Well that taught her."
then," Blaze says, looking at him for a long second and then shifting his eyes to me. "Perhaps you can put our Ariel through a different set of paces. See if her dodging skills adapt well to a different fighting style, or if she's only able to dodge me because I'm the one My eyes go wide a bit as I start to understand Blaze's proposal. "Wait, you want me to fight Luca? Do you - do you know who he is? What he can do with those fists!?"
"You said he is your creature," Blaze says, shrugging, I think a bit pleased with himself as he turns quietly and heads towards the other door in the room - though I don't know where it leads. "I doubt he will punch you very hard, Ariel. See you tomorrow!" And with a little wave, Blaze disappears through the door.
"What do you say, gorgeous," Luca says, grinning at me and moving to the center of the room. "Wanna fight me?"
"Um, no!" I say, even though I follow him to the spot at the center of the room where I always start with Blaze. When I get there, Luca raises his fist into his boxer's stance, his muscles smoothly settling into it in a way that suggests he's done it a hundred thousand times before. Which, of course, he has. "Oh, come," Luca says, smirking and giving me a cheeky wink. "I won't hit hard."
I groan a little even as I fold my hands behind my back, taking up my own much less threatening stance. "Don't hit me in the face, okay?" I say with half a sigh, looking up into his brown eyes, my own pleading. "I want to stay cute."
"You looked pretty with a black eye too, when we first met," he says. "But, sure. Body blows it is." Luca shifts his fists almost imperceptibly lower, but then suddenly he's moving - starting to swing. I gasp a little, taking my first step back, but Luca's fist and long arm is already there, coming from my right. I gasp a little as his fist takes me in the arm, knocking me to the side so that I stumble a few steps.
But, as promised, he was gentle. Or at least, as gentle as a six-foot-something Alpha can be with fists the size of small melons. Still, it was light enough that there's no chance that I'll even bruise - except, obviously, my pride.
"Gotcha," Luca says, still grinning at me, I think kind of loving this. "That was easy - honestly, Ari, is he teaching you anything?"
"No fair!" I whine, starting to get pissed. "I wasn't ready. Set up again."
Luca does as I ask, taking a step back to the center and raising his fists again. I bend my knees, getting ready, and then we're off again. I duck under Luca's fist this time but Blaze was right - I was getting used to his method of fighting. With Luca, I have to completely adjust. He gets me on the second blow and I bare my teeth at him, making him laugh, and then I shove him backwards, making him start again.
We go on for a further thirty minutes and I fall completely into the practice, concentrating hard and finding new ways to predict the blows, moving back faster than I do with Blaze to stay out of Luca's reach, dodging lower and feinting different directions to confuse him. The result, I'm pleased to see, is that I finally make it to the back of the mat without him touching me.
I give a shriek of victory when I get there, throwing my hands up, but Luca - scoundrel he is - snarls roughly and dodges forward, wrapping his arms around me and yanking me up into the air. I shriek with laughter, pounding my fists against him, shouting about how he's a cheat and needs to put me down immediately.
"I made it!" I pant, still smacking at him a little, "admit it! I made it, I won!"
###Chapter 0508
"You win, you win," Luca sighs, letting me slip in his arms a little until we're face to face. "That was awesome - you improved so fast." He nudges me happily with his nose. "We should have got you in the gym long ago, Shrimpy." "Well," I sigh, letting my weight fall back against his arm as I stretch my hands languidly above my head. "If we'd done that, it would have been me in the boxing ring against Atalaxia this Midwinter, and I just couldn't do that to you, champ -" Luca laughs, pulling me forward against him and kissing me soundly. I smile and then give into it, taking his face between my hands, kissing him deeply and losing myself to him completely.
We're only brought back to reality by the sound of my stomach's fierce grumble.
Luca breaks away, glancing down at my belly. "Come on, Shrimps," he says with a happy sigh, putting me down on my feet. "Let's get you something to eat."
I lean against him for a moment, resting my forehead against his chest and taking a deep sniff of his lovely sunny scent before I peer up into his face with a happy smile, slipping my hand into his. "Okay," I say, cheerful. "Unless you think Rafe brought my food to Daphne again."
Luca laughs, shaking his head. "Poor Daphne, getting your cold plate. Honestly, I thought Rafe was good with girls - but if that's his best move, then I'm going to have to teach him a thing or two."
Laughing, the two of us grab our bags and head out of the gym.
On the long trip back upstairs, Luca and I take a moment to discuss our plans for the charitable donation I'm planning to send towards his gym, each of us quietly laying out our priorities for what is, apparently, becoming our joint partnership.
"I don't want to change your vision, Luca," I say quietly, looking up into his face. "I just want to help. But my dad was right - I should have some say in where the money goes."
"I get it," he says, nodding to me seriously. "Honestly, I liked the idea of hiring someone to take over the whole business - I mean, it would have to be the right person, but doing so could give my uncle the chance to just...concentrate on the boxing. And with the money wisely invested, we could help a lot more people."
"Okay," I say, wrapping myself around his arm a little bit as we finish climbing the staircase to the floor that my room is on. "So, at the call later in the week with my parents, we tell them that's what we decided? To search for someone who can head up the organization business-wise, while your uncle stays on as like...head coach?"
"Yeah, I think that's best," Luca says, beaming down at me, clearly excited. "And then we can...move forward from there once they've found someone. Honestly, Ari, I think this is...really cool. I love that we're in this together now."
"Me too," I say, smiling so happily that my eyes crinkle up at the corners. Luca glimpses around the hall quickly but, seeing that it's empty and quiet, quickly dips his head and gives me another swift kiss. I return it happily, wrapping a hand around the back of his neck, very pleased and content.
Luca exhales softly as he pulls away and I can feel down the bond that he feels exactly the same as we move to the door to my room and Luca pushes it open.
Of course, all of those good feelings wipe quickly away from Luca the moment he sees Jackson sitting on the couch in the living room.
And unfortunately, to make matters worse, Jackson's sitting...precisely where Luca usually sits.
"Hey!" Rafe calls happily from his arm chair. "Come in, we had dinner served late so yours wouldn't be cold!"
Jesse and Ben call their hellos too but the room quickly fades to awkward silence when they see me and Luca just standing at the door, Luca staring angrily into the room, me just... grimacing a little as I look up into his face.
Down the bond, I can feel Luca immediately lose his temper at the sight of Jackson here, at dinner, when he expressly agreed not to be. Guilt rushes through me because of course his is my fault - I had every opportunity to tell Luca what to expect, but it just...completely slipped my mind in the chaos of my new daily schedule.
"Do you...not want spaghetti?" Jesse asks awkwardly, gesturing towards the plates still waiting on the coffee table. "Um, maybe we can send for something else?"
###Chapter 0509
Ben leans closer to Jesse, probably explaining quite patiently that Jesse's completely misinterpreting the entire situation, as I tug on Luca's sleeve, feeling his anger surge, trying to draw his eyes back down to me.
"Luca, please," I say quietly, a little desperate, glancing between him and Jackson. "I can explain."
To my surprise, Luca snaps his eyes shut and forces himself to take a long, deep breath. And I realize that this is not at a performance - that he's actually working, really hard, to control his temper and to not flip out, even though everything inside of him is telling him to do that. After a few long moments, Luca opens his eyes again, settling them on Jackson, who sits very still on the couch, watching Luca's every move.
"What are you doing here, man?" Luca asks, and even though his voice trembles a little bit with his anger, I can tell that Luca is working incredibly hard to be casual, to appear cool.
Jackson, I can see, senses this too. His reply is just as even. "I'm having dinner," he says quietly. "Ariel asked me to come."
Luca takes another deep breath and shifts his gaze to me. "Okay. Could I... have a word with you in the hall? Please?"
"Of course," I say softly, taking his hand and tugging him with me.
As I turn, Rafe puts his hands on the arms of his chair, his face worried, like he's going to stand up and come with us - like he's worried at me. I look wide-eyed in Rafe's direction and vehemently shake my head no.
Because, I mean, there's no risk here - Luca would never hurt me, and he's working so hard to contain his temper, he doesn't need Rafe coming to tick him off.
Besides, this whole thing is very much between my mate and I. I owe him this conversation. In private.
Luca and I step back into the hall and he drops my hand as I pull the door quietly shut. He slumps back against the wall, letting out a long breath, running his hands through his hair. "So, are you like, aware of the deal that Jackson and I struck?" he asks, confusion mixing with his dulling anger now. "Because...we kind of made a deal that he wasn't supposed to be here for these sorts of things."
"I am aware," I say, folding my hands behind my back and forcing myself to meet his eyes, determined to do right by Luca and tell him the full truth as plainly as I can. "But...I don't like how you and Jackson made that decision without asking me, Luca. I told him this as well, but I'd like to be consulted, in the future, when you decide how to split up my time."
Luca scowls, dropping his head to look at the floor. "It wasn't really like that, Ari," he says, snapping a bit, even though guilt chases his anger soon after the words leave his mouth. I can feel that, down the bond. "We weren't trying to decide your time for you...it's just very hard for us - or me, at least - to be in a room together. It felt...better to find a way to avoid it."
I watch Luca as I feel, down the bond, his renewed determination to be calm and fair, to not snap at me. And even as I'm worried and anxious about this conversation, a big part of me admires - very much - how hard Luca is working to control his temper. "Okay," I say quietly, nodding so that he sees I understand as he lifts his eyes to meet mine. "But... Jackson is part of this group, Luca. You were part of it first, but now? After the examination, after Midwinter? He's...family."
I can feel Luca go rigid as he hears the word.
"I want him here for group dinners and study time," I say quietly, forcing myself to continue, to make my point heard. "At least, as long as he's happy to come."
Luca's fist clenches a little bit, and I know that it's an unintentional physical manifestation of his emotion, but something about it makes me feel incredibly remorseful. I feel myself falling back on my knee-jerk desire to say something to make him happy to make it better - and I wrack my brain for what that could be -
But suddenly, my wolf nips me, fierce.
I stand up straight, looking down at my chest, wondering what the hell that was about.
###Chapter 0510
around. And that's...difficult for me."
"All right. I just...have very little time alone with you now, Ariel," Luca says, straightening up and slipping his hands into his pockets as he, apparently, adjusts himself to the knowledge that his time-share deal with Jackson is apparently dead. "At least, time without him "It's difficult for me too," I say quietly, my eyes going a little wide when I see the sadness on his face, hating it. "But...I mean, at school I have very little time for...anything. It's not that I don't want to spend time alone with you, Luca, I just...don't know when that would be." "Well, do you think we could meet in the dream state more?" he says quietly, taking a hand from his pocket and casting it out in front of him, seeking some medium ground. "We haven't done that in a while and -"
"No," I say instantly, knowing that it's impossible, shaking my head.
Luca's eyes go wide as he stares at me, completely shocked by my answer.
And inside, I know that in terms of giving my mates equal time with me, I'm being completely unfair.
But honestly, the idea of laying physically in bed with Jackson while I meet with Luca in the dream forest, where there's another bed? And do... the things that we do there?
No. I feel, immediately, a little sick at the idea.
Luca, I see, starts to put together the pieces as I do, his mouth falling open a little bit. "So," he sputters out - not so much angry now as feeling incredibly sad, and jealous, and a little betrayed, "Jackson still gets nights and I get...nothing?"
My heart breaks as I feel his emotions coming down the bond, as I see the horrible expression on his face. My mouth opens, my throat clicking a little in my eagerness to say something to make it better - anything - but what - God, maybe he should have some time in the dreamscape - maybe - maybe I should spend some nights with him instead -
But my wolf nips me again - harder this time - and I physically flinch.
No, she growls, fierce. You tell him the truth. He had no trouble telling you what he wanted, after all, even when it upset you. Now it's your turn.
I slowly close my mouth as I realize that she's...completely right. And while I hated when Luca did that to me...there has to come a time when I tell Luca, honestly, what I really want right now.
"Luca, I'm really sorry if this is hard to hear," I say, pressing both of my hands to my chest as my voice cracks with the terrible emotion that I'm feeling right now, "but...my wolf wants me to spend my nights with Jackson right now." Luca just gapes at me further, going a little pale.
"I mean," I say, a little desperate to make it better, taking a step towards him, "you and I had so much time in the dream state alone - for months, before Jackson even knew I was his mate! And -"
"Ariel," Luca says, shaking his head from side to side, his own voice tight as he stares at me, willing me to see how this is totally different. I wasn't splitting time then. And I'm not now - but for a totally different reason.
And I stop my words, hanging my head a little and taking a deep breath, working hard to stay steady in my convictions. "I'm sorry, Luca," I say quietly. "This is...what I want right now - what my wolf wants. At least for the foreseeable future. It's what my wolf is telling me is right."
She gives a fierce little yip in my soul, I think attempting to bolster me.
Luca drops his head, heaving a deep sigh, raising a hand to cover his eyes. He stays that way for a long moment, shutting down the flow of emotions down our bond, clearly adjusting to this new reality and finding a way to deal with it.
I stand perfectly still, watching him, waiting, desperate. God, I'm not sure if I'm even breathing.
But then Luca heaves a sudden sigh and drops his hand, and stands up straight, and opens his arms to me. "Come here," he whispers.
I close the distance in an instant, my arms wrapping tight around his waist as he folds his around my shoulders, pulling me close, ducking his head so that he rests his cheek against my cap.
"I'm sorry," I whisper into his chest. "I know that this isn't want you wanted."
###Chapter 0511
"It's okay," he murmurs back. "What I want is...not the most important thing. I just...feel like I'm losing you, Ariel."
"What?" I gasp, whipping my head up to look at him.
He shakes his head sorrowfully at me, raising a hand to trace his thumb across my cheek. "I don't want you to feel bad. I probably shouldn't have said anything -"
"Of course you should, Luca," I whisper, my eyes filling with tears. "You're allowed to have your emotions too - and I want to hear them -"
He just shakes his head again, his mouth a determined line. "You're growing closer to him. I guess I...didn't think that would happen - thought that when you spent time with him you'd realize he's dull as a brick and then come running back to me. But...he's not, and you're not. And it's just...terrifying to me. I don't want to lose you, Ari."
"You're not losing me," I whisper, pressing myself closer to him, looking desperately up into his face. "I'm right here."
"I know, gorgeous," he murmurs, and he traces his thumb over my cheek one more time before he dips his head and kisses me softly. "Just... let me stick around too, okay? While you explore whatever this is with him? And...maybe don't kiss him in front of me?" "You got it, Luca," I say, starting to smile a little, hope burgeoning in me that...that maybe this could work.
"And maybe I could...come to your Blaze workouts?" he whispers. "As long as I'm not a distraction, and he doesn't mind?"
I nod eagerly, loving the idea of having something that's just for Luca and I, absent of everyone else.
"Good," he murmurs, dropping one last kiss to my mouth and then heaving a sigh as he pushes up from the wall, taking me with him so that we're both standing straight, holding each other tight. "Come on, Shrimp," he says with a sigh, loosening his grip on me but keeping on arm around my shoulder as he turns towards the door. "Let's go have dinner with your family and your other boyfriend. And Ben."
I laugh a little, though I'm still shaken emotionally, kind of unbelieving that this is...all coming together. That Luca not only didn't lose his temper but...agreed.
Luca pushes open the door and lets his arm fall from my shoulder as the two of us step inside. As one, everyone in the room turns to stare at us.
Jesse, useful as always, breaks the silence by pointing sharply at Rafe. "I stopped him from eating your garlic bread. You're welcome."
Rafe just scowls. "They never even would have known that there was garlic bread if there was none left on the table - it was a victimless crime -"
"No way," Luca says, crossing the room with me and taking his spot in his usual seat which I notice that Jackson has interestingly vacated in order to move to my side of the couch. "I'm Itablio, man, and a wolf. You know I can smell the presence of garlic bread from a mile away." Almost cheerfully, Luca reaches for his plate as I settle down on a pillow on the floor next to Ben.
Ben gives me a wink as he slides my dinner over to me and my stomach growls audibly as I take it.
"So!" Jacks says, his voice booming out in the room a little, apparently forcing the conversation on for all of our sake as I wrap some spaghetti around my fork and take a big bite. "Anyone...do anything...interesting today?"
He grimaces a little, realizing that he is very, very bad at this.
But Ben chimes in, ever a good conversationalist, and lets us in on the on-goings of the Ambassador track, including the potential to have a conversation with actual ambassadors to Atalaxia next week, about which he's incredibly excited.
As Ben details the opportunity, I don't miss the way that Rafe reaches out a hand to clap Luca warmly on the shoulder, murmuring something soft that sounds a great deal like "good man."
And my heart warms as Luca smiles, concentrating on his plate, apparently making himself get used to our very strange, slightly awkward, new dinner crew.
But even as I feel a little awkward, my wolf pounces around excitedly within my heart like an eager pup. And for her sake, I can't help but smile as I stab a meatball on my plate and eat it whole.
###Chapter 0512
The next morning, my wolf wakes me up early, knowing that I need it. I mean, she doesn't frequently function as my internal alarm clock - we both like our sleep way too much for that - but today she gives me a sleepy little nudge with her nose before climbing to her feet and giving her fur a rough shake. I stifle a groan and take a deep breath, letting my eyes stay shut, wanting desperately to just... lean back in the warmth of Jackson's body and sleep for just five more minutes...
But my wolf is more disciplined than me, and she gives me another nudge with her nose, and I sigh quietly, forcing my eyes open.
Then, moving as slowly as I can, I lift my head from Jackson's chest and peer up at him. But he's still breathing deeply, his eyes shut. Carefully, I lift my body just a centimeter and slowly move away, grimacing the whole time, desperate trying not to wake him. But just as I'm about to slide completely off his chest and onto the bed, his arm tightens around me, pinning me to him.
"Why are you being so weird," he grumbles, his voice thick with sleep.
I gasp a little and then scowl, letting myself fall back onto him. "I wanted you to stay asleep!"
"Why?" he asks in a whisper, opening one eye and looking down at me. "When you get up to go to the bathroom you just get up and bounce out of bed, making a racket. Why are you being so sneaky now?"
My scowl deepens, because I thought that I had been shady. But my mate smirks at me, letting me know that I was no such thing.
"Fine," I sigh, resting my chin on his chest and looking up at him. "I wanted to get up early and go to the shooting range for practice."
"What?" Jackson asks, blinking hard and shaking his head to wake up more.
"Nooo," I moan quietly, reaching a hand out to touch his cheek. "You stay asleep - you need it -"
He just smirks at me and nudges me down the bond, reminding me that because of his particular magical skill, sleep is largely optional. I just roll my eyes, because even if he can draw on his magic and his body mass for energy, he shouldn't have to just for me. "I need range practice every day," I whisper. "Captain said so. And the only time I can do it is in the mornings before our run."
"Damn," Jackson says, his eyebrows going up. "Even more responsibilities? You are...loaded up this semester, Clark."
"Don't remind me," I murmur, shaking my head. "But you go back to sleep, Jacks - just because I have to -"
"No way," he says, sitting up and taking me with him so that I'm sitting in his lap, his arms supporting my lower back. "I'll go with you."
"You don't have to do that!" I sigh, shaking my head. "No one's even awake to hurt me -"
But he ends my protest with a quick kiss before lifting me bodily and setting me gently on my feet by the side of the bed. I grin over my shoulder at him.
"Go," he murmurs, giving my lower back a little shove as he reaches for a pen and a piece of paper on my desk. "Brush your teeth and get dressed, I'll write a note for the other two, who are going to freak out when they wake up and find you gone."
I grin at my mate, secretly pleased at the idea of having him along, and grab my uniform from where I sneakily hid it last night before bed, tiptoeing away to the bathroom to get dressed for my day.
Fifteen minutes later, Jackson and I are walking in the pre-dawn light across the field behind the castle, my rifle slung over my shoulder. I stifle yawn after yawn as we walk and he smirks at me, already bright and awake.
"Oh shut up," I sigh, bumping my shoulder into him, which of course does nothing. "Not all of us have magical coffee in our veins."
"If I did," he murmurs, looking forward to my blind, "I'd be at risk of you biting me like a vampire, drinking my blood for the energy kick."
"Yes, baby," I sigh, trudging forward. "You would."
Together we make our way to the telephone-pole-like ladder and as I start to climb I laugh when Jackson dips down to put one firm hand beneath my ass, boosting me with little to no effort about eight feet in the air and cutting my climb down by about a quarter. I grin down at him, calling my thanks, and then do my best to scurry up the pole as fast as I can.
###Chapter 0513
bag but not moving to open it.
Jackson follows quickly - of course - and is already pulling himself up onto the platform before I've barely pulled the gun out of its bag. Jackson murmurs his admiration as I set up the gun and then he settles down with his back against the low rail, pulling a book out of his "What," I say, laying on my belly and turning to peer at him. "You're just going to watch?"
"Watch my gorgeous mate shoot a state-of-the-arts sniper rifle at a target five hundred yards out?" His face bursts into a smile. "Hell yes I'm going to watch."
I laugh, shaking my head at him as I turn back to the gun, concentrating. "Okay, just don't interrupt."
Jackson doesn't say a word in response and I honestly forget he's there, falling into a bit of a reverie as I go over the Captain's instructions about how to take aim, how to concentrate, how to pay attention to the elements as well as my own breathing. Then, slowly, I exhale and begin to shoot.
The first few shots go wide, but I adjust every time. And then, after a few pulls of the trigger, I'm gratified by the sudden grey hole in the fabric of the target. I grin, incredibly pleased, and shoot until I count ten bullets.
Then I sit up, and take the scope off of the gun, using it to peer at the target.
Three hits all erratic and nowhere near to the bull's eye.
But still, three hits.
I can't keep the smile off of my face.
"How'd you do?" Jackson asks, his voice a deep grumble in the morning light.
"I hit it," I say, shrugging, trying to play off how pleased I am.
But he just laughs at me, because he can feel it down the bond. He raises his chin at the scope. "Can I look?"
"Be my guest," I say, handing it over to him.
He whistles appreciatively and grins as he hands the scope back to me. "So what, we done here?"
The way he smirks at me lets me know that he knows my answer before I say it. "Oh, settle in, puppy," I sigh, making him laugh loudly at the renewal of Seraphina's nickname. "We're gonna be here for a lot of rounds."
Jackson stays completely silent as I practice, which I appreciate. I again sink into that concentrative zone, taking my time shooting rounds of ten shots and then sitting up each time to consider my progress, to make small adjustments that I hope will make me a better shot. By the time about an hour has passed - getting us dangerously close to missing our run with Rafe and Jesse - I've shot at least two hundred bullets. And the target is satisfyingly riddled with holes, though they're still scattered and far apart, none really coming close to the bull's eye - except for one, which happened when I sneezed.
So. That doesn't count.
I sigh as I sit up, stretching my arms over my head, still peering at the target which looks...so incredibly far away, now that I'm not looking at it through my scope.
"Nicely done, Clark," Jackson says, snapping his book shut and holding his hand out for the scope.
I hand it to him even as I start to pack up the gun. "How do you know it's nicely done?" I ask, smiling and pleased with my morning's work. "You haven't looked yet."
"Because," he murmurs, peering through the scope, "you did a good job concentrating and making adjustments. Honestly, Ariel, you're a good soldier. I'd have you on my team any day."
I grin at Jacks as he peers at my handiwork - guniwork? - and then gasp as I remember something the Captain said.
He immediately turns to me with a frown, concerned that's something's wrong, but I just lean forward and snatch the scope out of his hand. "Speaking of teams!" I say, kind of in disbelief that I forgot to bring this up last night - even if I did fall asleep over my chemistry book kind of moments after I finished eating my pasta. "What the hell are these Games the Captain mentioned!?"
Jackson's face bursts into a grin. "Wait, Ariel - how do you not know what the Games are?"
###Chapter 0514
"I don't know what the Games are because nobody tells me!" I growl, smacking Jackson hard on the arm as I bare my teeth at him, pissed that apparently everyone knows what these 'Games' are except for me. "You have a handbook in your room, Ariel," Jackson says, laughing at me, completely ignoring my smack which he probably barely felt. "Two of them, I think. You're allowed to read them - they contain all of this information."
"I have enough reading to do on my own," I say, waving a hand at him as I quickly pack away my gun. "I rely on you boys to keep me otherwise informed." I say the latter in a very bored, spoiled sort of way, and I can feel his grin down the bond even if I'm concentrating on zipping up my gun bag.
"Well, then let me perform my singular function as your walking, talking handbook, your highness," Jackson says, heading for the ladder and climbing down ahead of me. Luckily, he modulates his pace so that I can hear him as I follow. "There are three War Games over the course of the semester - and they're real simulations of what it might be like to be in a battle."
I continue to climb down hand over hand, listening carefully."
"Everyone plays the roles that they're being trained for," Jackson continues. "Rafe and I will be captains, amongst some other Cadets that the staff thinks have command potential, and we'll select our warriors according to their particular skills, trying to put together the best team possible. We also pick Ambassadors, who we can use to talk to the other side and either negotiate a ceasefire or spread misinformation. And you, tiny mate," he says, his feet hitting the ground moments before he reaches up for me and takes me gently by the waist as I hop the last foot or two to the ground, "will be the only sniper on the board. So. You'll be quite in demand."
"Really?" I ask, looking up at him in shock. "So, I'm going to like...shoot at people?"
"Yes," he says seriously, and then his face breaks into a smile. "With a paintball gun, of course. But everything else is apparently very real."
"I get a paintball gun!?" I shout, immediately delighted.
Jackson laughs and slings his arm around my shoulder, leading me back towards the castle. "An expensive one, I'm betting," he murmurs. "Because I don't even know how you even make paintballs for a sniper rifle. I'll get you on my team, though. You'll be my first pick." "Jesse will be so jealous," I say, hiking my gun bag up onto my shoulder and laughing a little maliciously.
Jackson laughs again, tugging me into a swifter pace next to him. "Come on, let's hurry up or we'll miss our run. And then the other Sinclairs with which we live will be pissed at us."
I grin up at him, nodding eagerly, and then the two of us hurry into the Castle to return my gun to its locker.
When we arrive back outside the Castle a few minutes later, we find Rafe and Jesse already there - dressed and ready for us.
"Are we late?" Jackson asks, frowning a little.
"No," Jesse says, grinning and turning to us. "We're early - we're just...shocked Ariel's up and doing things before us."
"I am so not as lazy as you guys imply," I say, crossing my arms and frowning at my brother and my cousin.
"Yes you are, Ariel," Rafe says, his eyes going half shut with his doubt, even as he smirks at me. "You'd sleep till noon if we let you - have done so on many occasions."
I roll my eyes at him even if...well, even if it's true.
"But seriously?" Rafe continues, raising an eyebrow at me as he looks me up and down. "More extra assignments? Now early morning sniping practice?"
I bite my lip a little as I look into his face, kind of worried that he thinks it's too much. "I can do it, Rafe," I say, nodding seriously to him. "I know it's hard work but - I can handle it."
His face breaks into a wide grin as he steps to my side and puts an arm around my shoulders, bringing me in for a single tight squeeze. "No, Ari - you're reading me wrong. I'm proud of you. Just - if you get worn out, don't hesitate to tell people, okay? Your body is going to need a lot of rest or you'll fall apart. Just...tell us what you need and we'll support you."
I beam up at my big brother, leaning my weight against him, incredibly grateful for his support. "Okay," I say, happiness ringing in my voice. "I will!"
"All right," Rafe says with a sigh, loosening his arm and looking around at Jesse and Jackson. "Enough chit chat. Let's go!"
And without another word, he turns and breaks into a sprint. Jesse whoops and follows on his heels, but Jacks says with me, running at my side. "Oh, go!" I say, laughing and waving him on. "Don't hang back for me!"
###Chapter 0515
He laughs a little, nodding to me and running forward to catch up with the other boys as I do my very best to catch up. I mean, I fail... But hell, it's good to try.
About twenty minutes later my spirits are quiet a bit lower and my feet are dragging, a little, as I haul myself into the breakfast. I mean, with the adrenaline gone, the lost hours of sleep and the workouts I've been going through morning and night definitely take their presence known.
Jackson - fresh, clean, and already seated at the table with Ben - frowns as I draw closer to the table with Rafe and Jesse following close behind. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing's wrong," I say, sending him a smile as I reach for the coffee even before I sit down, pouring myself a very full cup. "Just sleepy is all - trying to get some energy back for the day."
He frowns at me as I sit and raise the hot mug to my lips. "I don't like that, Ari."
"You don't like anything that's not Ari sitting happy, safe, and spoiled, Jacks," Ben murmurs, yawning himself as he pushes the eggs around on his plate.
"That's not true," Jacks replies, frowning over at Ben. "I like when she's tough."
"Watch your pronouns, buddy," Ben says, pointing a fork at Jacks with a wink. "And I know. I'm just teasing you."
Jacks blushes a little at his gender slip, but he nods to Ben and turns back to me. "Do you mind if I...try something?"
I frown at him and sit up straighter. "Like what?"
"I've had this idea since the Examination," he murmurs, and then he glances around the room and lowers his voice. I look around too, noting that Rafe and Jesse are distracted as well, speaking to Ben. "And then again in magic class. Um, I need to be touching you though, for it to work."
Instantly, I raise my hand towards him but he just frowns at it. "Ari, I already slipped up once today - let's not also hold hands in the dining hall to further raise suspicion."
I laugh, dropping my hand and shaking my head at him. "All right, what do you have in mind."
"Just...sit still," he murmurs, looking down at his plate and casually raising a hand to pat me on the back - but high enough that his fingers touch my neck, his skin laying flat against mine.
I stare down at my plate, weirdly anxious, sitting quite still. For a moment, nothing happens.
And then, quite suddenly I feel it -
Energy, flooding my veins, like someone has turned on a tap - I gasp a little, sitting up straight, as Jackson's magic flows into me, starting at where his fingers touch the nape of my neck and flowing all through my body, filling me up like - Like -
God, like I've had sixteen cups of coffee. It rushes through me, making my eyes fly wide, my fingertips twitch. Immediately, I feel like I could run a marathon, like I could jump from rooftop to rooftop, like I could fly -
And then just as suddenly, it's too much. I'm full- absolutely replete - and I gasp, because I don't know where it will go - energy absolutely crackles through me and I yelp a bit, twitching away from Jackson, breaking the contact between us by force. We both turn to stare at each other, wide-eyed.
"Um, so I guess...it worked?"
"Jacks," I breathe, almost shaking with the amount of energy in my body right now, "do you...do you seriously feel like this all the time!?"
"Like what?" he asks, a smirk coming to his lips as he sees that I'm fine.
"Are you guys being weird again?" Jesse asks, peering over at the pair of us.
"No," Jackson answers with a frown at the same moment that I smile and say, "Yes."
Jesse laughs and Rafe looks between us. "What's...happening," Rafe asks, nosy and pretending to hide his desire to know under a veil of brotherly concern. He sighs. "I can't handle any more weird."
"Nothing's happening, calm down," I say with a happy sigh, remembering that the rest of the boys don't know about Jackson's magic and so I can't tell them - not really - what just happened. Even though it's awesome and I'm dying to tell everyone my newfound secret weapon. But before anyone can ask anything - and trust me, Rafe's mouth is already open with another question on his tongue - Luca comes striding over with two envelopes in his hand.
"Hey man," Jesse says, grinning up at my mate. "Where have you been? I ate your bacon. But it's your fault for not being here, and it was going to waste, so really you should thank me."
"I'll just eat yours tomorrow," Luca says with a tiny sigh, apparently disgruntled but not about Jesse's foraging from his breakfast plate. "I was on stupid messenger duty. And you two," he says, holding out a message to both Rafe and Jacks. "Have a message that you're asked to read right away."
###Chapter 0516
Luca sits down and we all lean forward as Rafe and Jackson take their folded notes and quickly open them, glancing through the contents. I lean over Jackson's arm, trying to read it myself, but he laughs and pulls it out of my sight. "Confidential, Clark."
"Oh, you're going to tell me anyway!"
"Maybe," he mutters. "If you're nice to me."
"I'm always nice to you!"
"It's not a big deal," Rafe says, taking a deep breath and putting his own note down, looking over at Jacks. "Is yours the same as mine? Notification that the Games are being moved up? And that we're..."
"Co-captains," Jackson replies, putting down his own letter, a little smile on his face. I look around at all of the boys' faces, trying to gauge the impact of this news.
"W-what does this mean?" I ask quietly, anxious.
"Don't get worked up about it, Ari," Rafe says, turning his eyes to me. "It's... faster than they'd usually run the Games, probably because of the war. It just means that Jackson and I have minor adjustments to our schedules so that we can begin to plan our strategy. We get a weekly study hall to meet and come up with our plan, look through Cadet profiles, organize our draft list."
"Draft list?" I ask, screwing up my nose, looking around at everyone else, kind of baffled that they're all taking this in stride like it's completely normal conversation.
"The order in which they'll pick their team," Luca says, grinning over at me. "Which Cadet they'll pick first, which last. Who is a priority, who isn't. I, obviously...will go very quickly." Jokingly smug, he gestures to himself with a confident wave of his hand.
I laugh, taking the bait and leaning forward to grin at him. "Only after me, Grant. I've got the only sniper rifle on the field."
"You first?" Jesse asks, leaning forward to look at me, appalled. "Ari, I don't know if you're aware of this, but I am...a duke. It would be incredibly rude, as well as foolish, to not pick me first. Especially considering that I'm not the size of a small labrador and can actually throw a punch -"
I gasp, appalled and offended. "Jesse!" I shout, snatching up a mini muffin and throwing it at him. "I'm - I'm way bigger than a labrador!"
"You even threw the smallest muffin," Jesse exclaims, swatting it out of the air, "can you even lift a larger one -"
"Ari's first," Jackson says, his voice booming out, rich and authoritative. He laughs a little, grinning at Jesse's appalled face, and then over at Rafe for confirmation.
Rafe just sighs, folding his arms over his chest and looking me up and down. "We'll see," he says, dubious. "At how good you get with that rifle. And then...we'll see."
I smile again, starting in on my plate of food eagerly, newly determined to make sure that I do get as good as I need to be - but also newly assured that I will.
Don't worry, Jackson murmurs directly into my mind. You're first, both because you will be a good shot by then and because I'm not letting you out of my sight in another battle scenario. Then he, too, concentrates on his food with gusto - and I lean a little closer to my big tough mate, loving him just a little bit more.
The next two weeks fly, mostly because I'm too busy to notice the time passing.
Every morning I get up early with Jackson and we head out to my sniping blind, where I diligently practice, working to improve my accuracy. Every three or four days the Captain sends me a note, letting me know that he's reviewed my targets and what changes he thinks I can make to my strategy and my form that will help me improve. When I start to be able to hit the bull's eye with accuracy, he sends instructions that I'm to make a line of bullets all the way down the target. When I can do that laying down, sitting, and standing, I arrive at the blind the next day to find the target moved back. 
He also sends along a book on modern rifles and shooting strategy which I sigh and add to my growing list of reading material. But I don't complain not at all - because I'm very eager to keep going.
venly
because I want the top spot in the Games draft, but also because I'm determined to become the best sniper I can be in case we do have to go to war. 
Every day after Jacks and I climb down from the blind it's a grueling run with Jesse and Rafe, showers, breakfast, and then all hell breaks loose. My schedule is a strange mismatch of activities as I study my ass off in every spare hour, as Faiza teaches me further particulars of
picking pockets and how to blene
into rooms, as Neumann teaches
me how to identify and mix toxic
materials, and as Alvez teaches me...well, nothing. But he does go on and on about magical theory, boring us all nearly to death. Luckily for me, he's been focusing his attention on Tony for now and hasn't contacted me for any private sessions, which Tony says are boring and annoying. I'm grateful to Tony, honestly, for taking that bullet for right now - even though I'm sure mine is coming soon. 
###Chapter 0517
I end each of my days with Blaze, who finally begins to teach me how to deliver a blow instead of just dodging them. Luca diligently comes along to all of Blaze's lessons, sitting quietly and studying while I work with my instructor and, afterwards, allowing me to practice on him in his incredibly different style. It's remarkably different, using the skills Blaze teaches me on a man nearly double my size and weight, but also very, very helpful. This, after all, will be my likely opponent if I ever get into a jam and need to use these skills - though Faiza has warned me to keep them as secret as I can. Apparently, my creampuff image will dissolve immediately if people sense that I can punch their lights out.
Tonight, Luca helps me practice an advance. He's been instructed to block my blows but not deliver any of his own - just as I've been practicing with Blaze. My entire goal is to land a single blow anywhere on Luca's body that's not his hands and arms. Unfortunately, Luca is crazy good. I snarl, frustrated, as my attempt fails for the eighth time.
"You're cheating," I scowl, crossing my arms as Luca grins at me.
"You want me to go easy on you?" he taunts, clearly pleased.
I sigh and shake my head, because obviously I don't want that. "Come on," I say, nodding back to the center of the room and heading in that direction. "Let's start again."
"You're signaling your next blow too clearly," Luca says, following me and setting up in his usual boxer's stance. "I can see it coming from a mile away."
"Yeah, well, my usual opponents aren't going to be boxing champions, are they?"
"You never know," he replies, his eyebrows going up. "Maybe you'll meet that big guy from Atalaxia that I fought - he's military too, after all. Then you'll be glad I didn't go easy on you."
I snarl a little, still rankled by the fact that I can't get anything by Luca and his long wingspan, his lightning-fast hands. "So, what do you recommend?"
"Keep your shoulders straight until the last second," Luca says, the instruction coming easily to him after years in the gym. "Like you've got a wooden board across your back. Or, surprise me," he shrugs. "Can't block something if I've never seen it before." "What?" I ask, straightening up a little.
"Quit delaying," Luca says, laughing a little, "let's go!"
And then, defying instructions, Luca takes an aggressive step towards me, swinging his left fist. I gasp a little at the change in plans but then anger riles in me not anger at Luca, who is just pushing me, but anger at myself for not mastering this yet. God, what's taking me so long? Why can't I land a single blow? 
I fall back on my earlier training and duck quickly under Luca's arm, dodging forward and aiming my own jab at his ribs. But Luca's other hand is already there, swiping my hand away and leaving my body open for attack when he pulls his left hand back, aiming right for my face.
I dodge back, even though I know he wouldn't put any force behind it - not really - but even that makes me snarl in frustration - because I should be better at this by now! This whole system is about training me to use my smaller body and my skills against a bigger opponent, so why -
My train of thought is interrupted as
Luca comes @gain and I take
another step back, again dodging his blow, but then something in me snaps into place as I realize that I'm playing Luca's game - I'm giving him the ring, letting him set the rules as the boxer - letting him push me around like a little girl. 
But we're not boxing, are we?
And I'm not just any girl.
My wolf snarls with excitement in me as my teeth elongate into fangs and I take one more step back, falling into a crouch instead of my defensive stance. I am gratified for a single instant by the look of shock on Luca's face as I quickly shift - faster than he can blink --and launch myself into the air, aiming right for his chest. 
Luca's eyes go wide as he stumbles back a step, but it's too late - my snarl fills the room and my paws hit hard against his shoulders, knocking him to the floor, his arms sprawled out to the side. The breath heaves from his chest and I pin him down to the floor, my snarling jaws inches from his face.
###Chapter 0518
But my ferocious snarling into Luca's face only lasts a second, because I instantly shift back into my human form, shrieking my delight and throwing my hands in the air as I sit on Luca's chest, my legs sloppily straddled to either side. "I did it!" I shout, laughing with joy. "I hit you and I knocked you down!"
Luca coughs a couple of times but still grins up at me, shaking his head, his hands going to my hips. "That was awesome - how did you shift so fast?"
"What?" I ask, leaning forward and putting my hands on his shoulders.
"Your shift," he says, drawing in a ragged breath, and I gasp a little - guilty - and move myself backwards so I'm sitting more properly on his stomach. Luca obligingly draws a deep breath and continues, still grinning at me, shaking his head a little in awe or delight - I'm really not sure. "Seriously, that was like lightning - how did you do that?"
"I don't know," I say, grinning, still pinning him down with no intention of giving up my victorious spot. "Maybe because I'm smaller, it takes less time?"
"Well, it was awesome," he says, still laughing a little and reaching up a hand to cup my cheek. "You should do that to Blaze tomorrow - even just to see the look on his face when you knock him on his ass." I burst out laughing and down the bond I can feel Luca's joy in making me laugh like that.
"Blaze would never allow it," I sigh, leaning forward more so that my chest and stomach lay out along Luca's. He grumbles a territorial little growl, wrapping his arms loosely around me. "Besides, we both broke the rules - you weren't supposed to try to land any blows, and I probably wasn't supposed to shift. Or at least, the not shifting was implied."
"Yeah, but there are no rules on the battlefield," Luca sighs happily, holding me close. "If it comes down to it, I hope you do shift. To protect yourself. And you really are fast - faster than anyone I've seen before - just a flash of pink and blonde and wham, I'm on the ground."
"Magical goddess speed, baby," I sigh, winking before I happily rest my head on his chest.
We lay like that for a long moment before Luca gives my butt a satisfying smack. "Come on, let's go eat dinner," he says, sitting up and taking me with him.
"Nooo, I was so comfortable," I whine, clinging to him and trying to push him back down. "Let's just take a nap -"
"Ariel, if we lay here any longer with you on top of me, a nap is going to be the last thing on my mind," he murmurs, a little wicked, tracing a hand slowly along my back.
Shivers run through me and my wolf gives an eager yip. "Oh yeah?"
"Out!" Blaze's voice rings from the door, making us both spin our heads towards him in shock - because I honestly didn't even realize he was still on the other side of it. 
Honestly, what on earth is on the other side of that door?
"No funny business in my gym!" Blaze says, his face serious as he waves his hands at us.
Luca bursts out laughing and starts to stand up as I skitter up and away from him, blushing beet read. "Blaze, I -"
"No explanations, either," Blaze says,
glaring at us good-heartedly, a smirk
—
on his lips. "But go elsewhere, you loud creatures - go and eat! Rest get your strength back! And tomorrow, I want to see this little wolf trick." 
I blush again, realizing that the walls of the gym must be thin and Blaze must hear every word that Luca and I say together. But Blaze just laughs at me and turns away, going back through his door, waving over his shoulder. 
###Chapter 0519
"Come on," Luca says, that hungry little growl still deep in his voice as he puts a hand around my waist and pulls me flush to his side. "Let's go to dinner. Daphne's coming up tonight, right?"
"Oh yeah!" I say, my face breaking out in a smile - because I've seen less of my friend than I wanted to in this past week and a half. She's been as busy as the rest of us, after all. And then, smiling eagerly, I grab Luca's hand and haul him with me towards the door, grabbing our bookbags on the way.
I burst into a delighted smile the moment I step into our suite, dropping Luca's hand and dashing immediately for Daphne with a smile around at Ben, Rafe, or Jesse, who are also here. "Hi, hi!" I say, laughing as I wrap her up in a big hug even though she's barely had time to stand up from her place on the couch. "It's so good to see you Daph! How have you been!?"
"Um!" she says, laughing and pulling away from me a bit so she can smile into my face. "I've had...more breath, in other moments!" Laughing, I loosen my arms around her and murmur an apology, but she very quickly hugs me back. "It's so good to see you too, Ari. It's been lonely without you!"
My heart sinks to hear that my friend has been lonely but there's not much time to dwell on it as Luca comes over to say hello, obliging me to give her up so he can give Daphne his own hug. I step away, taking a moment to wave to the other three in the room, who all wave back. Jackson, I know, will be here soon - he's meeting with Hank tonight, with whom he's apparently making some exciting progress regarding the Community. I make a mental note to ask him about it tonight in the dream state.
"All right, Shrimp," Luca says the moment he finishes greeting Daphne and lets her go. "Give 'em back."
"What?" Daphne asks, looking between the two of us in confusion.
I grimace a little, and then hold out the little card of needles that I slipped out of her pocket during our hug. "Sorry," I say, giving a shrug. "I was never going to keep them - homework and all."
"Ariel!" she gasps, laughing as she snatches them out of my hand. "How did you do that!?"
"She's getting good, isn't she?" Rafe says, smiling at all of us from his place in his armchair.
Simultaneously, the dumbwaiter bell rings and Jesse pats me on the back in greeting as he moves over to it to grab our dinner. We've arranged for them to come a little later now that I have lessons with Blaze
something which I know makes him a little grumpy, even if he is a good sport about it and hasn't said anything. 
"You're getting too good, sneaky cat," Daphne murmurs, giving me a little glare as she tucks the needles back into her pocket. Then, laughing, she sinks back down on the couch next to Ben. "What else are you learning?"
"Oh, you know, all sorts of useful things," I sigh, sitting down on the floor, where Luca settles next to me. I tick my lessons off on my hand. "How to kill people with a big shiny gun, how to kill people with a variety of wild mushrooms, how to kitt people by stealing their prized possessions and leaving them so desolate that they no longer have the will to live. You know," I shrug, "girl stuff." 
Daphne laughs and leans against the arm of the couch, beaming at me, as Jesse comes back with the big tray of all of our dinners and places it on the coffee table. Ben springs up, helping him take the lid off and sort out the plates. 
###Chapter 0520
"This is all very exciting, Ari," Daphne says. "I'm happy for you."
"Yeah well, don't go thinking it's too exciting," I sigh, reaching for my bookbag and hauling it closer to me, starting to take out my books. "I hope you won't mind that tonight will be a little boring, Daphne, I have a great deal of homework to do. And I know I'm not alone in that." When I look around the room for confirmation, all of the boys nod, looking a bit drawn. Secretly, quietly, I wish that they all had my secret weapon of Jackson's energy supply, a bit of which he passes to me every morning after our run. Honestly, it's the only thing keeping me going - I don't know how the rest of them are doing it.
"Oh, I don't mind," Daphne says, bending down and picking up a little basket full of fabric and thread tucked by the side of the couch that I didn't see before. "I brought my own homework. Academy really keeps us on our toes, doesn't it?"
I nod my agreement as Jesse hands me my plate - some sort of mystery meat sandwiches tonight, I can't really tell what - but before I can reply to Daphne more completely the door opens and my wolf gives a series of yips, pouncing around in my soul, when Jackson slips into the room.
He looks at me instantly, sensing my wolf's reaction, his own working hard to play it cool but completely failing as a possessive growl slips from between his teeth. Jackson likewise works hard not to burst into a wild grin, just pushing the door shut behind him and waving to everyone in the room.
"Hey, Jacks!" Jesse calls, amongst other greetings from everyone else in the room as he holds out a plate. "Come and get it while it's hot."
"What is it?" Jackson asks, a little suspicious as he moves closer to Jesse, taking the plate and raising it to eye-level so that he can inspect the sandwich.
"It's Sloppy Joes," Ben says, a little baffled, looking around at us. Luca and Daphne nod eagerly, digging in and apparently relishing the taste.
I look down at mine, grimacing a little at the way the meat slops out the side of the bun, wondering if it can actually be as good as their eager eating implies.
"Wait," Ben says, laughing a little and
looking around at us as Jackson settles down on the floor on my other side. "Don't tell me that the Foundling and the Royals have this in common and only us working-class folks know what Sloppy Joes are." 
"Hey, our mothers - "Jesse begins, lifting up his sandwich experimentally.
"Oh, don't give me your my-mother-was-an-orphan line," Ben says, waving a hand at Jesse. "She's a duchess, a doctor, and a sorceress now. Just... try it. You'll love it."
We each dig in and I can feel
Jackson's pleasure down the bond when he, like me, realizes that Ben was right that it's as delicious as prescribed. We fall into a happy rhythm then, each of us scarfing down our tasty meal before picking up our homework, chatting idly until one by one we fall quiet,
concentrating our studies and our sewing. 
I'm really falling into my chemistry homework when suddenly next to me Luca's book drops to the floor turn in surprise to see him staring at it, his jaw clenched, looking like he wishes he could light it on fire with his mind. 
"Luca," I say quietly, reaching out a hand and putting it on his knee. "What's wrong?"
###Chapter 0521
Luca glances up at me. "Nothing," he murmurs, blushing a little bit as he gathers his book back up. As he does I realize that his actions were not performative or attention-seeking at all, but instead the very real result of very real frustrations. In a flash, I wonder how and why I didn't feel that down the bond - has he been closing that on me? Or...
"Seriously, Luc," Rafe says from his chair, leaning forward towards him. "What's up?"
"I'm sorry," Luca says, shaking his head and looking down at his book. "I didn't mean to interrupt - just...pretend it didn't happen. Book...slipped out of my hands, is all."
"Luca," Jesse says, quietly closing his own book in his lap and peering at my mate. "We...genuinely want to know. Seriously, four of us are in the same class - maybe we can help."
"In the same class but in vastly different groups," Luca murmurs, looking around the room with a flash of embarrassment at Ben, Daphne, and me. "You guys covered this stuff last semester. Just...I'll figure it out."
"Well, if we already covered it," Jesse says, moving softly as he slips to the floor and moves to Luca's empty side. "Then we can help."
We all sit quietly, Ben pretending to read and Daphne continuing to sew, as Luca sighs and looks back down at his book. "I just...have a lot of trouble understanding these schematics," Luca says with a sigh, putting the book down on the table where everyone can see it. I lean forward a little, peering at the book, confused.
"What is it?" I ask, interested and feeling for my mate, trying to pass encouragement down the bond but feeling it hit a bit of a brick wall. What's up with that, anyway?
"It's...the history of a battle," Luca says, glancing over at me, continuing to sound embarrassed. "The map shows...where the troops were when they started, and where and how they moved, how many troops they lost. And then the textbook poses a question - what's the best thing to do next? And I'm supposed to write a damn essay on what the best move is, and why but..." he sighs, shaking his head and dropping it, looking absolutely defeated. "I just can't make sense of it - I don't understand this map stuff."
"Oh," Jesse says, nodding his
sympathy and reaching for the book, tilting it towards the pair of them. "I mean, it's not instinctual, Luca - ite makes sense that you're struggling with it but it just takes time. It's like learning to decode something, or read a new language - you just have to get used to it, and then it starts to make sense." 
Luca grimaces at him a little, like this isn't precisely helpful right now, and Jesse laughs, his eyes crinkling up as he shrugs at Luca. "I'm sorry," he says, "I don't have a better answer than that."
"It's cool," Luca sighs, taking the book back and laying it flat on the table again. "I'm just...screwed."
"You're not screwed," Rafe says
gently from his chair, his deep voice ringing out. We can help you learn it. But actually..." he grimaces now like Luca isn't going to like what he has to say next very much either, "the person who can really help you is?" 
Rafe's grimace deepens as, to my surprise, he shifts his eyes to Jackson.
We all go a little still and quiet as each of our gazes moves to my right, to my big tough mate, whose head is down, studying his own book.
Silence rings out in the room for a beat and then Jackson raises his head, looking around in surprise. "Wait, what?"
"Jackson can read a battle map faster and better than anyone I've ever seen," Rafe says, casting a hand out towards Jacks even as he looks at Luca. "He can just...glance at it and know exactly what happened. It's impressive." Luca scowls, shifting his eyes to Jackson, clearly bitter and a little bit jealous and looking like he's not precisely sure how that information helps him. At all.
Jackson drops his eyes to his lap
and gives a little shrug. "It's not a flex or anything - we've been doing it since we were kids. I learned how to read a battle schematic before learned the alphabet. Like Jesse said, it's just...time." 
###Chapter 0522
"Well, I stand by it," Rafe says, settling back into his chair and pretending to turn his attention back to his own homework. "If you want help, Jackson is your man."
The room rings silent for a moment and I keep my eyes on my brother. When Rafe's own eyes flick back up a moment and he glances between Jackon and Luca, I smirk - because I knew he wasn't really reading. He's just as desperate to see how this plays out as I am. The silence soon grows...awkward...as Luca sits, scowling at the book, and the rest of us just...wait.
"Look, man," Jackson says, low and serious, "I'd be happy to talk you through it if you think it'd be helpful. But it's also fine to figure it out yourself."
Luca heaves a big sigh and grabs his book up, looking over at Jackson but appearing none too happy about it as he gives in. "Fine," he says, his mouth twisting a bit. "If I don't get help I'm going to fail this assignment, and I'd prefer not to do that, so...can you make any sense of this?"
I watch in a bit of awe as Luca passes his book across me and into Jackson's hands.
"Oh, yeah," Jackson says, his eyebrows going up and his face brightening. "The battle of Thrimpole. This is...this is actually a fun one."
"Awesome," Luca says, totally dry, his tone implying that he thinks it's the opposite.
Jackson looks over at me for the first time and clears his throat a little, expectant. I stare at him for a second and then realize what he wants. Instantly, I scramble backwards, taking my own book with me, and then I hop to my feet, moving to the couch where Daphne and Ben make a little room for me between them.
Luca and Jackson move a little closer together, bending over the book, and I watch in awe as the two of them...start to work together.
Because I never, ever thought I'd see it.
"Close your mouth," Ben whispers next to me, giving me a little nudge with his elbow.
I look over at him and then laugh when I realize that I actually am gaping. I snap my mouth shut and both of my mates glance up at me simultaneously and then back towards their work. Shaking my head, I lean against Daphne, not even bothering to pretend to look down at my own homework.
"You're going to embarrass them," she whispers, keeping her own eyes on her sewing.
"Oh whatever," I murmur back. "I'm not missing this."
As I watch, Jackson asks Luca
some questions about the
schematic, working to see what Luca does and does not understand. As they talk quietly, I realize how naturala teacher Jackson actually is - especially with this stuff, which he knows like the back of his hand. In no time, Jackson has a pretty strong command of Luca's abilities and begins to show him what else he needs to know. 
But, as they work, it's immediately clear that Luca grows frustrated - not with Jackson, but with himself.
"Look, I just don't get it," Luca says,
sighing and leaning back on one hand as he gestures to the map with the other. "I know what the red
arrows mean, I know what they're supposed to tell me and the order in which they progress. I just don't...see it the way you do the battle, in your head." He clenches his teeth and takes a deep breath through his nose, hanging his head a bit. "I'm never going to get this."
"Yes you are," Jackson says, frowning at Luca. "Look, if you don't get it this way, let's just... try something else."
And then, to my delight and surprise, Jackson glances back at the nook and then up at me, asking the one question which the nerdly little bookworm in me has been waiting years to be asked. "Hey, do you think we could borrow some school supplies?"
"Yes," I breathe, delighted, a huge smile taking over my face. "Yes, of course! What do you need?"
###Chapter 0523
We all give up pretending to study as Jackson comes back from the nook with some paper, some markers, and some tape, and bizarrely - two different kinds of candy that my mom sent back to school with me, knowing they're my favorite. Quietly, we all watch as Jacks I learn forward with interest, then, when Jackson opens the candy, scatting it out over the paper and arranging the two different kinds - peppermints and caramel chocolates - on different points.
hastily tapes four pieces of paper to the table and then uses a marker to deftly reproduce the schematic map, effectively blowing up the scale so that he and Luca can see it better.
Anxiety starts to well in me that he'll ruin the candy, getting ink all over them, but Jackson glances up once, raising an eyebrow at me, sending a teasing little bump down our bond to tell me that my priorities are in the wrong place right now.
I fight my laugh, knowing that he's right, nodding and leaning back onto the couch cushions with my arms folded, watching carefully - just like everyone else in the room, even though I don't think Jackson has noticed.
"All right," Jackson says, glancing at Luca as he points at the peppermints first. "These are the Floutian troops, and these," he says, gesturing towards the chocolates, "are the Thrimpolites. This is where they're set up at the start of the battle - on either side of the river. Does that make sense?"
"Yeah, sure," Luca says, leaning forward with interest now, observing the board.
Then, to my delighted surprise, Jackson begins to narrate the battle according to the lines of the schematic, demonstrating how the peppermint team moved against the chocolates, how the chocolates defended. Each time a team loses troops - also noted on the map in numbers - he takes a few candies away, setting them deftly to the side.
My mouth falls open again as Jackson actually demonstrates how the map contains the entire story of the battle - how the armies moved against each other, what choices their commanders made, how they came to a stalemate once the Floutians crossed the river, both sides ensuring their destruction if they push any further. And a glance over at Ben and Daphne reveals that they, too, have given up all pretense at work, all of us leaning forward with interest to study the map with candy scattered strategically across it. And honestly, even as I'm fascinated, I'm...jealous.
Jealous as hell because - this is so cool! I scowl a little, though I do my best to keep it private because this is all information I want as well, and neither my previous or my current education gave me this.
But there's no real time to be bitter as Jackson moves on with the lesson.
"So, this is where the schematic stops," Jackson says, dropping his hands into his lap and studying the map with interest before looking over at Luca. "And you have to write an essay on what you would do next, if you were commanding the troops. Did...did that make sense to you?"
"Well, obviously it all makes sense now, when I see it playing out over time," Luca says, excitement and frustration both in his voice as he leans forward and studies the table.
"Yeah, you've just got to learn how to do that in your head," Jackson murmurs, leaning back on his hands and giving, Luca the space to study the board. "Like Jesse said, it's just time. But, I mean, we can work on it. I love this stuff - I'll talk you through any battles you want until you can do it in your sleep." 
"Thanks," Luca says absently, leaning forward more to study the candy.
"So, any ideas?" Jackson asks after a beat, sitting up and leaning forward too.
I glance over at Rafe, laughing inwardly at the smug smile on his face as he and Jesse likewise watch. But we all stay quiet as Luca offers some tentative suggestions, clearly experimenting with the deas like he's supposed to - trying a couple of different options for what the Floutian commander could try that wouldn't result in the death of all of his troops. 
At each new suggestion, Jackson calmly and simply moves the pieces for Luca, demonstrating how it would play out. As he does, I turn my head to the side, seeing why this particular battle was assigned Because honestly, any way that Luca plays it... it feels like the Floutians are screwed.
"So, what," Luca sighs, his words bitten out a bit. "Anything I do and my men are dead? Is there any way out of this?"
"I think that's the conclusion the assignment wants you to reach," Jackson says quietly. "At least, every time I've studied the battle, the discussion has ended up being not about who wins but how to minimize casualties as you attempt to withdraw so the army can try
again."
###Chapter 0524
"Well, that's shit," Luca murmurs, narrowing his eyes at the map. "A battle schematic where there's just no chance at winning? I...I hate that."
"Yeah, but that's war," Jackson murmurs, nudging the candies back into place with his fingertip. "Sometimes you get to the point where it's not about winning. Just...surviving to fight another day."
My stomach sinks as I process his words because...I mean, the lesson that Luca is learning today is a very real one - he's learning it because we all, one day, might have to put it into action in real life.
But...but not us, right? Not me, not my friends? My heart sinks as I look around at everyone, thinking about heavy casualties, thinking about losing them -
But a tug down my bond to Jackson draws my eyes back to him, to find his gaze already locked on my face. Slowly, gently, he shakes his head no, sending a wave of calm and peace down our bond, assuring me that he's never going to let it happen.
My lips lift into a tenuous smile as I hold his eyes. He smiles back and hope blooms in me because, as foolish as it probably is to believe anyone when they make a promise about surviving a war...I believe Jacks. I believe in him.
He only breaks our gaze when Luca sits up straight.
"Well," Luca says, his voice suddenly sparking with new interest. "What if you just...look it like that the odds are 50/50. That you're either going to die and lose everyone...or, you're going to win." Quite quickly, excited, Luca begins to narrate a crazy plan for what the Floutians could do if they just threw everything they had at the problem - just went full force, knowing that the result was potential full destruction.
We all lean forward, watching him move the pieces around, fascinated because...well, the way he puts it...
Damn it, but it really seems like it could work.
When Luca finally pulls his hands away, demonstrating the way that the much-reduced Floutians could, potentially, surround the Thrimpolites and force their surrender, we're all looking at the table in silence with raised eyebrows.
Jackson stays completely still,
likewise studying the board, before turning a warm gaze on Luca. "You should write that up," he says, laughing a little. "I mean, I've studied this battle a dozen times, and no one has ever brought anything up like that. It's crazy, for sure - I don't know any general that would
approve it but maybe? If a nation.
-
were at the end of its rope, looking for some kind of last-ditch crazy
effort to stay alive? I mean...it could
work." 
To my surprise and my endless pleasure, Luca holds Jackson's gaze for a second before his face breaks into a dazzling smile. "Really, man?"
My wolf turns in frantic, hectic
circles in my heart, chasing her tail
eagerly, looking for something to do with all the energy and love that's bursting through her right now. Surreptitiously, I dampen my bonds with both of my mates, wanting them to have this moment for themselves without me bursting through with a song and a dance about how happy it makes me to see them working together. 
"Seriously, Luca," Jackson says, reaching out a hand and clapping it warm on his shoulder. "You're not bad at this you have some really weird, good ideas. Unique ones Don't get down on yourself for not understanding the maps yet that yourself a little credit and have faith. And we'll help you whenever you need it." 
will come. Just...gives yet!
Jackson casts a hand around at the rest of the room and Luca looks up in surprise to see us all watching, smiling at him. He laughs a little bit, bashful, and runs a hand through his hair, looking down at his map. "All right," Luca says on a satisfied sigh. "Cool. Well, thanks, Jackson. I owe you one."
"Just teach me your right hook," Jackson murmurs, quite casual, picking up his own book and going back to his homework. "We'll call it even."
Luca laughs, nodding, and pulls out his notebook, getting started on his report like nothing happened.
But I can't stop smiling as I look at the two of them, sitting next to each other, because right now? It feels like...absolutely everything has changed.
###Chapter 0525
Even as everyone returns to their homework, though, my eyes keep darting back to the little pile of chocolate on the side of the map. Delicately, working hard to use my espionage skills, I casually lean forward and slip my hand out -
Only for Luca to swat it away. I gasp in shock, mock appalled.
"Hands off," Luca murmurs, not looking at me as he looks down at the notebook in which he hastily writes. "I'm using those." "They're mine!"
"You can wait, Ariel!" he says, laughing a little, "until I'm finished!"
"But I want one now," I moan, truly craving the little treat. "Can't I just have one of the dead troops!?"
"No!" Luca replies, laughing and glancing up at me, "I might need to set up the scenario again. Just...have a little patience, please."
"I have some of those," Daphne says at my side, and I turn to her with interest. "They're down in my room. If you're really dying for one, we could go down there?" "Yes!" I say, jumping to my feet, instantly eager.
"Ariel, by the time you get down there and back up Luca will be finished -" Rafe says on a sigh, holding out a pleading hand towards me.
"No, I won't!" Luca calls, still looking down at his paper. "Slow writer!"
"Oh, it will take five minutes," Daphne says, putting her sewing into its basket and reaching out to take my hand. "Besides, I could use the chance to stretch my legs." "But," Rafe sputters out, looking anxiously between us, "it's dangerous -"
"Rafe," she says, laughing, "I wander around this castle all the time, and I'm always fine -"
"But Ariel!"
"I'll go too," Ben says, neatly closing his book and standing up, stretching his arms over his head as he smiles as Daphne as me. "As the muscle. I'm always down for a late-evening chocolate run." Daphne and I beam at Ben as Rafe sighs, turning towards Jesse. "Seriously, Jess?" Rafe asks, holding a hand out towards the three of us. "Nothing? No support on this?"
Jesse flicks his eyes up to Rafe for a mere second his face stony. "If it were just Ariel, cousin, I'd refuse in a moment because I enjoy seeing her suffer. But I'm under a sincere oath to deny Daphne nothing in this world. As such," he says, giving a dramatic sigh as he nestles back into the cushions of his chair, "my hands are tied." 
Rafe groans, rolling his eyes, as my little trio of adventure seekers head towards the door. Luca waves to us over his shoulder as Jackson sends a warm pulse down the bond, encouraging me to have fun and be safe in his own little way. Smiling, I slip out the door with Ben and Daphne on either side, and we hurry down the hall towards the stairs, Daphne swinging her sewing basket happily in her hand.
"You know, I'm a very strong hand-to-hand expert now, Benny," I say, smugly raising my chin. "You barely had to come for protection. Just for Daphne's sake."
"Oh believe me," he says, looking at
me with wide, honest eyes. "I'm only in it for the chocolate, Ariel. Jackson really worked up an appetite in me, narrating all that death and
Sel?
destruction while moving the candy around the board with those broad hands..." 
Daphne and I both burst out laughing and Ben grins at us as we all cheerfully move forward, chatting idly as we go down the stairs and then into an elevator that takes us down to Daphne's floor. When we get to her door and she quickly opens it with a tiny key, I'm charmed again by her little room so neat and tidy, with her sewing machine in the corner. 
"Come in," Daphne says, waving us forward. "It will take me a minute to find the candy in all of my boxes - plus, I never have guests."
###Chapter 0526
hands on his hips as he spies Daphne's small collection of red wine on her bureau. "Especially this contraband."
Ben looks around with interest at Daphne's room as I plop onto the bed, swinging my legs and grinning, pleased to be alone with the two friends with whom I spend the least amount of time. Ben nods appreciatively. "Nice place you've got here, Daph," he says, putting his Daphne looks up from her search in a trunk for a moment, confused, but then laughs when she sees the direction of Ben's gaze. "Not contraband for me, I am not studying to be an elite warrior," she says happily, going back to her search and reaching deep into the trunk with the excitement when she spies what she wants. "Do you want a glass? Fine by me."
"Absolutely," Ben says instantly, reaching for a bottle.
""Benny!" I burst out, scandalized.
"Oh, you're having one too, princess," Ben says with a happy sigh, grabbing Daphne's two wine glasses and a coffee mug, bringing them with him as he sits on the bed next to me. "We're taking a fifteen-minute Alpha break. Having some girl talk instead." "Fun!" Daphne says, climbing onto the bed with us and putting the little bag of caramel chocolates in the center as Ben pours the wine.
I sigh dramatically as he hands me the mug. "Fine," I moan. "If you force me, then I must."
"You poor dear," Daphne murmurs, taking a full glass from Ben and smirking as she gives me a wink.
"To the loss of your stainless reputation, Ariel," Ben says, raising his own glass in toast as he sets the bottle aside.
I laugh, raising my mug and clinking it against Ben and Daphne's glasses with good cheer, reassuring myself that one glass of wine isn't a lot and that I wasn't going to get much more homework done tonight anyway.
"So," Ben says, his eyes lighting on Daphne with a little bit of glee as he leans back against her headboard. "How's your relationship with the crown prince going, Daphne?"
Daphne laughs low, slowly shaking her head at Ben. "No way, Ternicki," she says, grinning. "I'm not telling you anything about my love life until you spill about what was going on between you and that Atalaxian boy at the war meeting in the palace." My mouth drops and I spin my head her way. "You saw that!?"
"Thank you," Daphne says, turning her grin on me. "For your tacit admission that something did happen between him and that guy."
I flush a little, jooking guiltily towards
Ben, who rolls his eyes at me. "Some paragon of secrecy you are, espionage," he mutters, kicking my foot with his own. He looks back at Daphne. "But as that is currently an issure of national security
She grins, not buying it.
"- I must return to my original question about yourself and Rafe Sinclair."
Daphne bites her lip, looking down into her wine, and my face falls a bit because...well, what was that about? Ben notices it too, glancing at me. "What's up, Daph?" he asks. When she doesn't answer, he leans forward a bit. "We won't...tell anyone. Zone of secrecy and all that."
Daphne sighs and looks up at both of us. I turn my head a little as I look at her, Completely surprised because - god, because it looks like Daphne is upset. 
But - does that mean that something's wrong?
"Come on, Daph," Ben says. "All teasing aside...you look like you could use a friend. And that's what we're here for." He points between himself and me. 
"Yeah," Daphne says on a sigh, taking a long sip of her wine. "I guess...I guess I could."
###Chapter 0527
"What's going on, Daph?" I ask, frowning, genuinely concerned for her. After all, I want my friend to be happy, especially when we discuss her relationship with Rafe.
"To begin," Daphne says, straightening her shoulders and looking right at me. "Can we pretend, for a little bit, that we're not talking about your brother? That could get...weird."
"No problem," I say, nodding eagerly, understanding as I hold my mug of wine tight in my lap.
"Um," she says, running a hand through her long auburn curls in what I think is an anxious habit. "Things just have been...progressing, lately. In a way that I'm not sure I'm comfortable with."
"What like, emotionally?" Ben asks, totally casual, taking another sip of his wine. "Or like... physically?"
"Mostly emotionally," Daphne answers on a sigh, "but...yeah. Also physically."
I go a little stiff, not sure if I'm ready to hear the details of this. Daphne glances at me and then laughs, shaking her head, raising her glass to her lips and taking another long sip. I take her point, doing the same, as Ben chuckles at us.
"Look," Daphne says on a long sigh, smiling at Ben and me. "It's not like he's pressuring me to do anything I want to do - we just haven't had sex, and things are progressing towards it. And I can tell that he's getting deeper and deeper into his feelings and I'm just...not sure I want to go there." She gives a little shrug, looking down at the floor, I'm not sure knowing precisely how she feels.
"He really likes you, Daphne," Ben says gently. "So...if you're afraid he's just using you or something, I don't think that's the case."
"No, I believe that," she says. "Even if...well, if I can't quite believe that Rafe Sinclair likes me."
"Oh, that's nonsense," I sigh, smacking her on the knee. "You're amazing!"
"Yeah, but he was like, my preteen crush, Ari," Daphne says on a laugh, turning her pretty blue eyes up to me. "It's the sort of thing where you see someone in a magazine, and think they're so cute, and fall asleep dreaming about what it would be like to meet them. It's not supposed to become your life but...for me it did.” She gives a little shrug like she can't
believe it. 
I nod to her, understanding.
"So, what's going on?" Ben asks, doing an amazing job of just being chatty and interested even though I feel quite tense and eager to know her answer. "It sounds like you're holding back."
"I am," she says, nodding and tucking a strand of her hair behind her ear, looking down into her wine glass. "And part of it is...the mate thing. Like, I know he has a mate coming at some point," she says, looking up at me now, perhaps for confirmation. I give a little shrug, not denying it, knowing she deserves the truth.
She nods and looks back down at her wine. "So, even if I did let myself go further with him - emotionally - I...know it would be dangerous. Because it has to end some day, doesn't it?"
"Yeah, but that day could
be...decades from now," I says
quietly, tilting my head. "This is why mom is angry at dad for telling Rafe he has a mate - she didn't meet hers until she was in her thirties, and she says her entire life would have been different if she was waiting every day for her mate to come strolling around the corner. She doesn't want Rafe to hold back on love and experiences just because a mate is coming along. I mean, Cora and Roger knew I was going to have two mates, and yet they still were going to let me marry that jackass I left at the altar." 
Daphne and Ben suddenly grin at me, I think having forgotten all about that.
"Yeah, but it's different for Daphne," Ben says, tilting a glass towards her. "She's not the one who has the mate coming down the line - Rafe is. So, she'd hypothetically be the one left in the dust...right?" he asks, peering at her with interest. "Unless...your baptism indicated..." 
"Didn't have a baptism," Daphne says, a little hasty, shaking her head. "Mom and dad...they couldn't afford the donation to the temple when I was born. Mom said diapers were more important." She grins a little, but I can tell she's more embarrassed than she lets on about
it.
###Chapter 0528
My heart sinks a bit for my friend, because I never want her to be embarrassed about something like that. How much money she grew up with - it's never mattered to me - to any of us.
"Yeah, I get that," I say quietly, turning back to Ben's point and looking between them. "The fear that...you'd get left behind a bit whenever Rafe meets...her. Whoever she is. I can see how that puts a dampener on things." We're all quiet for a moment, especially as Ben and I notice that Daphne's still looking down at her wine glass and not at us. As the seconds tick by, I straighten again, realizing...
But Ben puts it into words first.
"That's not the whole story though, is it Daphne?"
She sighs, her voice getting a little creaky with tears. "No," she croaks out, shaking her head. "No, that's not all of it."
"Daph!" I exclaim, instantly scootching closer to her and wrapping an arm around her shoulders. "What's wrong!? What is it!?"
"I just feel so guilty," she says, raising her head to look at me, her eyes rimmed with tears, giving a sad little sniff. "I just...I don't know."
I quickly reach beyond Daphne to put my wine on a little table and then wrap my arms fully around her, giving her the big hug I think she needs. She laughs a little, hugging me back and putting her head on my shoulder.
"You don't have to feel guilty, Daphne," I murmur, hugging her tight and rocking her back and forth a little bit. "Whatever your feeling - guilt shouldn't be part of it."
"But I do!" she cries out, laughing a little and - I think - feeling a bit absurd as she straightens up and wipes at her eyes. "I just...I feel so guilty. Here's this wonderful guy, who is so good looking, and so lovely to me, and who likes me! Like, really likes me!" she laughs, shaking her head. "And I just...I just don't feel the same way. I thought I did, when it first started? But...I think...I was just caught up in the excitement of it?"
She sighs, looking down at her hands, and I reach out for her, slipping my palm against hers and tightening my fingers.
"I just...don't feel the way I should about Rafe," she whispers, I think confessing it for the first time, both aloud and maybe even to herself. "I really, really want to. But I just...don't."
Ben and I sit quietly for a moment, just supporting her. I glance over at him and see that his face reflects my own, a mix of love and pity for our friend, who we don't want to see going through this kind of agony.
"It's natural, Daph," Ben says quietly.
"That's what.. dating is for. To figure out how you feel about people. And honestly, it's only supposed to work once-like really work, when you find the one person who's your match. So, we shouldn't be as shocked as we are when it turns out the person we're dating. isn't the one guy in the world we're supposed to be with." 
Daphne laughs a little, wiping again at her cheeks, I think coming back to herself. "Yeah, well, I never thought Rafe was the one - I'm not good enough for that -"
"You hold your tongue on that," I
scold, squeezing her hand, a little angry that Daphne would think that way about herself. "You're magnificent, Daph," I say, bending downa little so that I can catch her eye, making her look at me and see the honestly in my expression. "Rafe or any man - would be lucky to have you. I hate that you think about yourself that way." 
"Well, that's very nice to hear," Daphne murmurs, a bit chuffed. "Even if it is harder to believe."
I squeeze her hand again, believing
it, trying to put myself in her shoes and see it from her perspective - a poor seamstress, working hard every day to send money home to her mom, dating a prince? God, it sounds like something out of a fairytale. 
"So, what are you going to do?" Ben asks, again gentle.
Daphne gives a big shrug. "I have no idea. I haven't decided."
"I mean, Daphne," Ben says, leaning forward a bit, and as he pauses she looks up at him. He screws his mouth to the side, soft but chagrined. "It... kind of sounds like you've decided."
###Chapter 0529
"Ben!" I , turning to glare at him, kind of not believing that he's pushing Daphne to face her feelings for Rafe so bluntly.
"I mean, it's true," Ben says, turning to me.
"Daphne is allowed to make her own decisions on her own time!"
"Agreed," Ben says, nodding and looking between us. "Until...well, until it gets unfair to Rafe. I mean, he's...he's pretty gone on you, Daphne. And trying really, really hard to be your boyfriend. If you don't want that..." He pauses, and shrugs.
Daphne takes a deep breath and lets it out, heavy. "I have to tell him."
"Daphne," I say, my heart breaking a little for her, shaking my head. "Don't let Ben push you into things if you're not ready -"
"No, he's right," she says, straightening her shoulders. "I'm...I'm just being a coward. And cruel. Rafe has been so good to me and...I have to be fair."
"Okay," Ben says, nodding.
We're all quiet again for a long moment as my mouth pops open - as I realize that...what started out as a chocolate run has ended up in a plan to dump by brother.
"Bottoms up, chickens," Daphne says, quickly raising her glass to her mouth and emptying it before she gets determinedly to her feet.
"Wait," I say, going still, clinging to her hand. "Is this...is this happening right now!?"
"I think it has to, Ari," Daphne says, squeezing my hand and looking down at me. "While I'm determined and courageous enough to do it? I think it has to. Now that I know in my heart that I don't feel the same way about him...dragging it out would just be cruel." I stare at her for a second before looking down at my mug of wine in shock.
And then I, too, raise it to my lips and drain it, thinking that I'm going to need a bit of courage as well.
"You really don't have to do this right now," Ben says, laying a hand on his heart and looking a little guilty. "I really didn't mean to push you, Daph -"
"No, I think...I think I've been looking for a push," she says with a sigh, tugging at her shirt so that it lays flat and neat. "Um, can we go?" she asks, looking up at us. "Before I talk myself out of it?"
"Okay," I say, standing and putting
my mug back on the little table, reaching out and taking her hand.
Ben drains his own glass and the
three of us head out of her roommet
locking the door behind us and heading back upstairs in a much different mood than when we left. I hold Daphne's hand the whole time and she grips mine in return, I think grateful for it. 
When we get back to the room, my family and my mates turn eagerly towards us, calling their greetings.
"Hey, where's the chocolate?" Jesse asks, frowning as he peers at all of our empty hands.
"We ate it all downstairs," Ben says, casual, heading into the room as I stand with Daphne at the door, her hand still tight in mine. As Ben sits on the couch I look at Rafe to find his eyes already on us, a frown on his lips, sensing that the mood has...shifted. "Um, Rafe?" Daphne says, her voice shaking a little bit. She gestures hesitantly towards the door. "Do you think we could...have a chat?"
Luca grimaces quickly before looking back at his book and Jackson, I notice, is just studying. Completely oblivious.
"Sure, of course, Daphne," Rafe says, standing slowly and crossing the room to us. He shifts his eyes to our joined hands. "Are you...coming Ariel?"
I just shake my head, a little scared to say anything, and give Daphne's hand one final squeeze before starting across the room. My heart aches, suddenly, my allegiances torn - because as much as I want to feel supportive of Daphne - she's about tobreak my brother's heart! And I can't do anything about it.
—
Feeling the sudden surge of my emotions, Jackson whips his head up and towards me, frowning fiercely.
"Give it a second," Luca murmurs,
reaching out and tapping Jacks on the arm. Jackson pauses, looking down at Luca's fingers as I move to the couch, sitting down next to Ben with a sigh. We all sit quietly as Daphne and Rafe move out of the room, going who knows where, and closing the door behind them.
After a long moment, Jesse breaks the long silence. "So...this isn't just about chocolate, is it?"
"All right!" Luca says, snapping his book shut and looking significantly at Jackson and Ben. "I think it's time for us non-Sinclairs to clear out."
"What's happening?" Jackson murmurs, looking around at all of us, baffled.
"Just...let's go, Jacks," Luca sighs, shaking his head. Ben gets up again, even though he just sat down, gathering this things as I curl into the pillows of the couch.
###Chapter 0530
Jackson doesn't reply to Luca, sitting quietly on the floor, and Luca and Ben give him a strange look when they realize that he isn't leaving with them. But Ben just shrugs and nods to the door, silently suggesting that they not worry about it. Luca bends down, giving me a "See you at breakfast, gorgeous," Luca murmurs, brushing a hand over my cheek where he kissed me and heading for the door with a wave. "Fill me in then?"
kiss on the cheek, and I return it with a surge of affection down our bond.
"Oh, I think the situation will spell itself out," I say with a sigh, smiling at him as he goes. "But yes, of course. See you then!"
When Luca and Ben leave, Jackson just looks between Jesse and me. "Please, I don't understand," he says quietly.
Jesse doesn't reply, keeping his eyes focused on me, and I frown at him when I realize that...I don't think he's breathing.
"Are you okay, Jess?" I ask, turning my head to stare at him.
"Yup!" he says instantly, smacking his hand on his legs and standing up quickly, tossing his book onto his chair before turning immediately towards the bathroom and striding off for it. "Time to get ready for bed!"
I peer after him, confused, because...was that a blush on his cheeks? But...why?
"Ariel," Jacks says, sighing, pleading. And I turn to see him staring at me with utter confusion in his eyes, just...completely not getting it and hating that he's being left out of the loop.
I laugh a little, sadly, standing and going to him with my hands out. "Come on, puppy," I say, helping him to his feet. "Let's go to sleep - I'll tell you everything in the dreamstate."
"Don't see why you can't just tell me now," he grumbles even as he does as I say, "since everyone else already seems to know."
"Yeah, well," I say, wrapping an arm around his waist and leading him over to the nook, "it'll take a while to explain and I suspect Rafe will want a little space when he's back. So, let's hurry up and get to sleep."
"If you say so," he sighs, taking a moment to cup the back of my head and press a quick kiss to my lips before we each move, reaching for our pajamas and starting to get ready for bed.
I'm a little relieved, though, that we're not quite asleep twenty minutes later when Rafe comes back into the room.
Jackson and are tucked away in
the nook, curled up with each other, and Jesse is in his own bed as Rafe
quietly opens the door, closing it
softly behind him and then
just standing there. Like he doesn't
know what to do next. 
In his bed, Jesse sits up and looks over at Rafe, but he doesn't say anything.
I wait for another few moments, but then I sit up too. "Rafe?" I call, hardly above a whisper, though I know he hears me. "Are you...are you okay?"
He takes a moment before he answers. "I'm..."
But his word is choked. So he takes a deep breath and clears his throat as a wave of sadness comes over to me to see my brother hanging his head like that. Immediately I throw the covers off, swing my legs to climb out of bed, to run to him -
"Please, Ariel," Rafe says, his voice rough as he puts out a hand towards me. "Thank you but...um. I think I just to be alone? As much as that is...possible. When we live like this."
"Do you want us to go downstairs?" Jackson asks softly, likewise sitting up, terribly confused but clearly wanting to offer what he can.
"No," Rafe says immediately, and then he moves, quietly padding over to his bed. "Just... peace and quiet, please. I want to be...alone."
"We love you, man," Jesse says from his bed - the first words I've heard him say since he hurried off to the bathroom.
"I love you guys too," Rafe says on a sigh, collapsing into his bed and just laying there; not bothering to get changed or to pull the blankets over himself. He doesn't even take off his shoes – just...stares at the ceiling. 
-
And I just stare at him for a long, long time until Jackson tightens his arm around me, pulling me close. "Come on," he whispers, achingly soft. "Let's go to sleep." And then he presses a kiss to my cheek and we cuddle up together, drifting off even as my heart is reaching for my brother, wanting to give him comfort even though I have absolutely no idea how. 
###Chapter 0531
Twenty minutes later, when we're fully ensconced in the dreamscape and sitting quietly on the side of the cliff, Jackson looks at me with raised eyebrows. "Well?" I sigh, letting my exhaustion take me as I look up into Jackson's sapphire eyes. "Rafe got dumped. At least, I think he did. I mean, I'm pretty sure." Jackson just stares at me, his lips parting in his disbelief.
I bite my lip, waiting for him to process it. But he just stays...completely still. "Jacks?" I ask, my face screwing up in confusion. "Are you...okay?"
He starts a little, coming back to himself, blinking rapidly for the first time in like, an entire minute. "I mean...what? Daphne - she broke up with him? Why? Are you sure?"
I shrug. "She kind of... implied that that's what was going to happen, and considering how Rafe looked when he just came back to the room...yeah, Jacks. I'm sure."
He exhales like the air has gone completely out of him, deflated. "Wow, I...I can't believe she did that. What is she even thinking? Rafe is... Rafe is so great."
I smile a little, slipping my hand into his. "Yeah, but she...didn't love him, Jacks. She didn't feel that way about him."
He turns to me with a frown. "Well, why not?"
I grin. "Because she didn't," I say, leaning forward and shaking my head at him. "You can't control your heart, Jacks - no matter how great a person is, like Rafe."
He frowns like he doesn't believe me, or just doesn't get it.
"What," I say, giving him a little nudge down the bond. "What are you thinking? What about that doesn't make sense?"
"I just..." he sighs and looks evenly at me. "I don't get it. Rafe is a great person. I don't see what Daphne thinks is lacking."
"It's not about lacking," I say quietly. "It's just...about who is a match for her. Like with me and you - we each know the other has faults, but," I shrug, "we click. Obviously." Jackson frowns at me like I'm a little crazy. "Wait, you see faults in me?"
I burst out laughing, totally confused about how he got there from what I just said.
He grins too suddenly, I think realizing the idiculousness of the conversation, and then he quickly gathers me up in his arms, shaking his head as he looks down at me:
"Ariel you're an absolute
person - even if you weren't my mate, I'd fall in love with you
second I saw you -"
the
"The second you realized I was a girl, you mean," I say, narrowing my eyes a little, even as I smile.
"Sure, the moment your elaborate subterfuge ended, I would just be...gone," he says, rocking me back a little in his arms, making my heart sing with joy as I fist my hands in his shirt needing something to hold onte as I completely allow myself to be swept away. 
"What does that have to do with Daphne?" I ask, letting my eyes flutter shut.
"It means that..." he sighs, "I know that I'm wrong, but I can't help thinking she's a little foolish. Rafe - he's nearly as good as you, as far as great people go -"
I laugh, opening my eyes and looking up at him again.
"And I just...don't get it."
"He wasn't meant for her, Jacks," I murmur, reaching up to cup his cheek in my palm, loving the new stubble that's growing there. "It's different."
"Even if you weren't meant for me," he says, quiet seriously, bringing his face close to mine. "Even if I had another mate I would...dump her. When I met you. Because after you, how could another girl ever meet that new standard?"
I burst out laughing again, tugging him closer, loving him even if he's being ridiculous.
"This is nonsense, Jacks -"
"It is not," he insists.
I sigh, looking seriously up at him. "Okay, I give in," I murmur, raising my chin, wanting a kiss and the end to all this talking. “But even if you don't get it. be nice to Daphne, okay? She needed to do this. It feltright to her heart." 
"Okay," Jackson says, nodding and dipping his head to run his cheek along mine. Shivers run through me at the way his stubble rushes against my skin. "I'll be nice. But...." he pulls away a little bit, studying me. "What?" I ask.
But he just shakes his head, frowning for a moment. "Nothing."
###Chapter 0532
"No, Jackson," I say, pulling away a second. "What?"
"Nothing," he whispers, his face suddenly a little said. "I was...going to ask you for a promise you couldn't keep. So. I won't ask it."
I tighten my hands in his shirt, desperate to know what it is that he wants, desperate to give it to him -
But how seriously he looks at me right now? I exhale slowly and let it pass. Let him have his secret.
"Please," I whisper, a little desperate to move on from this, tugging him closer to me. "Please kiss me, Jacks."
He leans forward then, pressing his mouth to mine, kissing me long and slow. And as he does, I'm well aware that whatever he asked me for in this moment I'd give to him - no matter how much, or how unfair. And in the distance of the dreamscape, somewhere, my wolf howls -
Because she, too, knows that it's the truth.
Jackson and I kiss for a long time after that, serious and intent, slow - none of our usual eager joking, or laughter, or experiments. Instead, he just holds me close and we pass a great deal of emotion across our bond - devotion and sincerity and assurance. Because honestly, I think the situation between Rafe and Daphne freaked us both out - reminded us that... relationships can end.
And that both he and Luca have asked me to end one of my relationships.
So, at some point...it's going to have to happen, for me at least. And even though he tries to hide it away, I can feel that Jackson is hoping with quite real desperation that it's not him who has to collapse into his bed like Rafe did tonight. That... that he's worried that losing me might actually kill him.
"Don't think that," I say, my lower lip shaking a little as I break our kiss, holding on to him quite tight like he might fly away.
"I'm sorry," he murmurs, dropping his head, I think a bit ashamed that I sensed that worry.
"It's don't be sorry, Jacks," I murmur, stroking my hands through his hair. "Just - you don't need to think about it, okay? It's..."
I hold myself before I say "it's not
-
going to happen," even though that's truly what I'm thinking and feeling Because if I say that say that out loud to him, and mean it - promise it - doesn't that mean that I've chosen him? That I'm leaving Luca? 
And I am absolutely not at all ready to do that.
Jackson turns his head away from me, in turn sensing more than I want him to, and I sigh, falling back a bit on the soft grass on which we're laying.
"Can we...just change the subject, Jacks?" I say quietly, rubbing a hand up and down his arm. "It's been a lot tonight - a lot of emotion. We can face it again when we feel...clearer."
He nods, I think hoping that I'm right, and then he exhales and turns towards me, doing his very best to move on as I suggest.
"What do you want to talk about
instead?" he says, a little smile
coming to his mouth, running a hand
1.n
down the length of my body - apparently not done touching me, even if we have taken a break from the kissing. 
"Hmm," I say, breaking into a grin when I immediately stumble onto a topic - one that surprises even me Jacks, sensing my cheer, leans inte it, likewise wanting the distraction. "I can think of something," I say, quite low and teasing, wiggling my hips a little as his hand slips down over them. 
"Oh yeah?" he murmurs, coming closer so his body leans over mine in that way I particularly like. "Think of what?"
"Come here," I whisper, crooking a finger towards him.
Jacks lowers his head and I take his face in my hands - his gorgeous face, so precious to me - and tilt his head to the side, bringing my lips quite close to his ear. "Jacks," I whisper, breathy and light. "Can you..."
He growls, low in his throat, ready to say yes to whatever I ask.
I grin, unable to help myself. "Can you teach me to read battle schematics? Like you did with Luca tonight?"
I feel Jackson's utter surprise as he bolts up straight, staring at me like I'm crazy. "What!?"
And I can't help it - I burst out laughing, rocking back and forth with it while Jacks holds me in his arms.
###Chapter 0533
"Ariel!" The word bursts from Jackson even as he grins, I think swept away by my laughter even as he's confused by the direction of my thoughts. "Seriously, what are you talking about? What on earth makes you want to do that?"
"I was jealous!" I say, throwing my hands out, my laughter subsiding. "When you were teaching Luca - it was so interesting! And I - I don't know any of it! And it's very clear that you all have this like, cool, super useful knowledge of battle strategy that I don't have - and I want to know it, and I feel left out!" "Ariel," Jackson says with a sigh, taking a second to run his fingers through my messy hair - which he had a great deal of involvement in messing, I mentally note - sorting it out and tucking it back behind my ears. "You don't need to know that stuff -" "I do too!"
"And when would you even study it?" he asks, frowning at me. "I mean, I'm happy to teach you how to read the maps and about the old battles - I would love to do that. I just...you're already so busy with studies. When would we fit it in?" "Well," I say, grinning a little wickedly as I look around at our surroundings. "What about here?"
Jackson just stares at me for a second. "Seriously, Ari?" he asks. "You have a magical dream state where you can take your mate and do literally whatever you can imagine...and you want to use it to...study?"
"Well, considering you won't have sex with me," I say, sitting up very primly and giving him a neat little glare. There's a beat and then Jackson roars with laughter when he realizes that I'm right.
"Yes, Jacks!" I say, laughing too and giving him a shove on the shoulder that brings his attention back to me. "You can just teach me a little bit every night - and we can cuddle while you teach me and then make out after."
A slow smile takes his lips. "And...how do you propose that we do the actual studying? We don't have the maps."
I twist my mouth to the side and then look up into the sky, holding my hands out.
Suddenly - much faster than I expected - a heavy weight hits my hands and Jackson flinches back a bit, staring at the textbook that just materialized there.
"What...what the hell," he says, staring at it with wide eyes.
"I mean, it's empty," I murmur, opening the book and letting him see the fresh white pages. "But I figure...maybe you can fill it in? You know it all by memory, don't you?"
Jackson stares at the book for a second and then reaches out a hesitant finger, touching it. The page ripples almost like the surface of water and I squeak in surprise as, suddenly, a map materializes on the page.
"This is insane," he whispers, baffled and - I can tell - just a little bit thrilled that this is even possible.
"It's so cool!" Isqueak, holding the
book closer to him with one hand and staring at the map. "Okay, so
like, what do these marks mean? et
And these numbers?" I trace my fingers over the map, trying to follow the action and decode the meanings. 
"Ariel," Jackson murmurs, gently taking the book from my hands and setting it aside. Then he loops his arms around me, folding his hands together behind my lower back so that I Can lean against them and still look into his face. "Do you think that you're...pushing it, a little bit? With everything that you've got on your plate already?" 
"Jackson McClintock," I snap, whipping a finger into his face, "if you even try to tell me what I'm capable of handling -"
But my words stop mid-sentence when I feel Jackson's wolf give a little warning rumble. Jackson raises one eyebrow, and tilts his head at me, silently asking me to listen.
I just stare at him, my mouth open a little.
"I am not telling you anything," he says quietly, even. "I'm just asking you to consider your limits. If you tell me you're not passing them, I'll believe you."
I blush a little to have jumped to conclusions and I let my finger drop, biting my lip as I consider his question.
"You fall asleep in like half a second
tonight, Ari," Jackson says quietly, looking over my face, considering me. “And you basically fall asleep with a pen in your hands, because you study up until the moment you go to bed. Then you wake up early forsniping practice... is it worth it, to add more when it's not necessary? Should you save this for another time and use the dream state just to
rest?" 
I tilt my head to the side, considering his words. "Well, it's not like I get a ton of rest in the dream state," I murmur, scootching a little closer to him and wiggling my butt a little in his lap to make my point.
###Chapter 0534
He laughs, tightening his arms, pulling me a bit closer.
"But Jacks," I say on a sigh, looking up at him. "If you can pass me energy in the morning after our runs and that keeps me going all day...shouldn't I take advantage of it? I mean, not forever, but right now our time is limited and I want to learn everything fast. If I can learn something that is useful - that will help us in this war..." I pause, giving a shrug, letting him finish the sentence on his own.
Jacks huffs a small sigh and I can feel his internal wish I would rest for my own sake - but it's all very fleeting as he pulls me closer, giving me another one of those long and slow kisses that makes me wonder why the hell I want to study at all when I could just do this all day.
When he breaks it, though, Jacks is smiling. I loop my arms around his neck, smiling back. "My clever, determined girl," he murmurs, raising a hand to stroke my cheek. "I'm very proud of you and all your hard work, even if all your plans are predicated on stealing my energy in the morning."
I burst out laughing. "You have more than enough!"
"It doesn't come from nowhere," he says, grinning at me. "I worked hard to build up those stores of energy that keep me going for weeks."
I frown a bit because - well, isn't it magic? "You worked hard? Where does it come from? It doesn't...hurt you, does it, when you give it to me?"
"No, it doesn't hurt. It comes from food," he says, nodding to me. "I'll have to eat more if I'm giving you energy too."
"How much more?" I ask, my eyes a bit wide, worried.
He laughs a little. "Like, one more croissant in the morning, Ariel - you're very small -"
"Jackson!" I gasp, giving him a little smack and then a growl. "You had me feeling all selfish -"
"It is a burden, Ariel - you know Jesse takes all the croissants first thing when we sit down, I'm going to have to fight him for it. My friendships are at risk -"
"Oh, you poor thing," I say, deeply sarcastic as my guilt drops from me in the same moment that I drop my arms from my mate's neck, rolling my eyes and beginning to turn in his lap. "Poor Jackson needs a double helping of delicious potatoes and eggs at breakfast! Oh, what a martyr!"
He laughs and then snarls playfully, pulling my back tight against his chest as I grab for the book and open it again in my lap.
"Quit feeling sorry for yourself, big puppy," I say "If the worst sacrifice you're going to have to make for my continued education is double cinnamon rolls? You can deal with it. Now sigh happily, looking down at the book as I feel his laughter résonating in his chest. "Where do we start?" 
"Here," Jackson murmurs, pressing a kiss to my neck and pointing to the page, where a river - marked in blue - runs.
I pay rapt attention as my brilliant, super-hot command-specialized mate begins to teach me everything he knows about battle strategy.
Our lesson goes for a long time,
mostly because both of us get really
engrossed in the content. As soon as I start to figure out the logic behind the battle history maps I get really excited, starting to see how they use visual symbols to encode not only what happened, but also the complicated choices that the
commanders made along the
course of the battle.
"So, what happens next?" Jackson murmurs, taking on the role of teacher and quizzing me as he points to the arrow labeled "9," very close to the end of the battle.
I exhale, leaning forward, studying the symbols around the number as well as the terrain, trying to determine...
But I sit up stark straight in the same moment that Jackson does, both of us going rigid as we hear a panicked yell echoing all around us.
"What the hell is that?" I breathe, panicked in turn, my head turning everywhere looking for the source of it - but -
I mean, nothing in the dreamscape has changed -
Jackson's arms tighten around my
waist as drop the book. "I don't think it's here, Ariel," Jackson says,
his voice tight. "Quick, wake up, I
—
think it's "
But he's interrupted when the shout comes again - louder now, unending - terror and panic and a cry for help -
And I shout too, because I recognize it this time - the sound of my cousin shouting -
I grit my teeth and press my eyes shut, willing myself awake.
###Chapter 0535
My eyes fly open in the real world and I'm instantly in action, as is Jackson - because the shouts here?
God, they're even louder and more panicked than those we heard dreaming.
I leap out of bed, ripping the curtain open, already starting across the room when I stumble over my own feet, my jaw dropping open when I see the sight before me.
Rafe - already across the room - staring helplessly at Jesse's bedside as our cousin sits up in bed, his arms held out in front of him, shouting in his panic as shadows writhe all around him - moving in circles around his arms like snakes, encircling his waist, his torso - Even wrapping around his neck-
"Holy shit," Jackson whispers behind me, but then he barrels past me over to Jesse's bed, reaching for him.
I follow, urging my feet faster, running to Rafe's side as Jackson leaps onto the bed, skidding to a stop in front of Jesse and reaching for him, but not touching him - not yet.
"Jesse!" Jackson shouts, "stop screaming!"
Jesse just looks at Jackson like he's insane and keeps going.
"What happened!?" I gasp, grabbing hold of Rafe's arm and looking up into his face.
"I have no idea!" Rafe exclaims, staring at Jesse, looking more confused and at a loss for what to do than I've perhaps ever seen him. "I just - he started screaming and I woke up!"
"Jesse!" Jackson roars, clenching his fist in front of Jesse's face, the Alpha command loud in his voice.
Something about it works, snapping Jesse out of it, and his shout fades.
"What is this," Jackson snarls, menace in his tones, though I know it's not for Jesse - it's for anyone that did this to him - is trying to hurt him -
I wrap my arms around the bulk of Rafe's arm while my brother stands stock straight, terrified, both of us staring at Jesse and Jackson.
"I-I don't know!" Jesse says as the shadows continue to writhe, slow and menacing, all around his limbs, his neck, his hair. I watch them, the serpentine way that they move, trying to figure them out -
And as I search for the beginning and end of them I notice...
My eyes go wide with shock as I realize that the shadows are leaking from Jesse himself - from his pores, and his nose, his mouth, his eyes. Jesse's gaze darts to me when he hears my little gasp before I stop breathing completely, horrified. "Jesse, pay attention to me," Jackson commands, drawing Jesse's eyes back to him. "Are you in pain? Or are you just scared?"
Jesse takes a moment, panting, his eyes darting from side to side, more shadows puffing out of his mouth with each breath, smokey grey and diaphanous, slipping downward to get caught up in the eddies of his other shadows, which continue to move. "They're...they don't hurt," he says, the words spilling out of him in a raspy stutter as he - I think - comes to the realization himself.
I feel some of the tension go out of Rafe as Jesse says this and I feel a similar sense of relief rushing through me.
"Jess," Jackson says quietly,
hesitating for only half a second before he reaches forward, putting his hand flat on my cousin's chest But Jackson doesn't look down at his hand, even as the shadows begin to curl curiously around it, licking at his skin like they're...they're testing him, even sniffing him. 
Jesse starts to breathe easier, glancing down at Jackson's hand, seeing that he's not hurt either.
"I don't think this is bad, okay?" Jackson says, his voice much calmer now, infusing calm into the whole room. "I think...these shadows are yours."
Jesse's eyes go as wide as mine now and we all stare at Jackson, completely shocked.
"What?" Rafe breathes, barely audible.
"I wondered," Jackson murmurs, glancing over at Rafe before returning his eyes to Jesse. "What his magic would be, since his magical affinities are darkness and spirit, heavy on the darkness. I mean, something like this...it makes sense, right?" We all just stare at him.
Because, I mean...I had forgotten about that completely.
"Why do none of you read the textbooks," Jackson mutters, shaking his head and turning his full attention back to Jesse. "Concentrate on me, Jess, okay?"
Jesse draws in a deep breath,
sucking in some of the shadows
along with it, but he nods shakily to Jackson as he does. Slowly, almost imperceptibly, the shadows begin to slow in their rotation and I realize, wide-eyed, that Jackson is right- that the shadows are tied to Jesse. As Jesse calms, so do they. 
"This happens, okay?" Jackson says, nodding slowly and talking soft, like you would to a scared animal. "It's a magical Burst - your magic all flying out at once because you don't know how to manage it yet. It happened to me all the time when my magic first manifested." 
"You - you know what your magic is!?" Jesse gasps, his mouth falling open, shadows sucking in and then tumbling out in a way that makes my stomach turn.
###Chapter 0536
"I do," Jackson replies, nodding once. "Not important right now. Just...let's get these shadows tucked away, all right? I want you to imagine like...a fishing rod, with all the shadows attached to the line. And now slowly, mentally, just...start to reel that fish in, okay?" A moment passes as Jesse stares at Jackson, a little disbelief in his panicked eyes, but then he exhales a long breath and concentrates. My arms tighten around Rafe's arm, my fingers digging into his skin a little, when I see the shadows begin to change shape, transforming - my eyes widen to see - into a shadow river, complete with currents, still swirling around Jesse - But including, of all things...tiny little shadow fish inside.
"There you go, man," Jackson says, sounding completely at ease now, even laughing a little when he sees the fish moving in their shadow streams, swirling around his wrist and his hand, still pressed to Jesse's chest.
Jesse stares around at the shadow scene in awe but - clearly encouraged by the result - he begins to take Jackson's advice, breathing easier and I suppose...beginning to reel it all in.
The shadows slowly start to lessen, to seep, to disappear backwards into Jesse as he calls them mentally back. They fade in density and in color, all slipping away like smoke from the air until they're just a haze around his skin.
And then Jesse takes one last sharp inhale and the final shadows slip back into his mouth, swallowed down...I don't know where. His soul?
And just like that...they're gone.
"Holy...holy shit, Jess," Rafe says, his voice trembling.
Jackson laughs a little, taking his hand from Jesse's chest and sitting back on the bed calmly. "Nicely done," he says, leaning back on his hands. "Honestly, you reined that outburst in pretty fast - took me ages to learn that." Jesse still pants a little, tense on his bed, his shoulders shaking as he stares first at Jackson and then over at Rafe and me. "Am I...did I dream that? Please tell me I dreamed that."
Rafe and I just stare at him.
"No dreams, man," Jackson murmurs, shaking his head. "You're a badass shadow mage. It's cool."
Jesse continues to shake as he looks back at Jackson like he's totally crazy.
And I can't help it - a ridiculous, hysterical giggle breaks from me.
Jesse and Rafe snap their heads to me as I smack a hand over my mouth.
But there's no stopping the panicked laughter that continues to spill from me as I stare at my gentle, silly cousin - whose gift is literally... the opposite of anything I'd have ever expected from him.
"What...what's so funny?" Jesse asks me, his voice tremulous even as his mouth starts to curl up, as if he's desperate for a laugh, for a smile.
"Jesse," I whisper, dropping my hand and pressing it to my chest, my other hand still clinging to my brother's arm. "Why...why is your magic so scary!?"
Something about my stupid
question works, because Jesse's
mouth begins to twitch, a smile taking over it and then fading, and then coming back as a little laugh stumbles from his mouth. "Look who's talking, little miss Ican-light-things-on-fire-with-the-forc 
And even though it's not really even that funny - I burst out laughing at this, laughing so hard I double over, my hands on my knees.
Slowly, I feel Rafe next to me begin to loosen, and then he starts to laugh.
And even as I catch my breath, trying to reel my ridiculous, embarrassing, inappropriate laughter in like a shadow fish on a line, I hear Jackson and Jesse join in too.
We're a mess like that, all of us, for a minute or two - and Rafe tugs me onto Jesse's bed beside him, seating me down on it while he reaches behind Jesse's headboard for the bottle of contraband whiskey hidden there.
When I finally stop laughing hard
enough that can open my eyes,
wiping the tears from them, I look around to see Jesse hesitantly smiling, and Jackson grinning
around at all of us, and Rafeel
Sighing
and shaking his head as he uncorks
the whiskey bottle. 
"Come on," he sighs. "If we're all up in the middle of the night after having the shit scared out of us, we can all probably use a drink to settle our nerves."
He raises the bottle into the air in a
toast. "To the newfound Duke of Shadows," Rafe says with a clever twist of his lips. We all give a little cry of joy as Jesse's face breaks into a wary grin, liking the title much more than he's comfortable with his newfound magical skill. 
Then Rafe tilts his head back, taking a long swig of the liquor before passing it to Jesse, who does the same.
###Chapter 0537
When the bottle comes around to me I'm ready for it, taking my own long drink, but the boys have already moved on. "Wait so," Jesse asks, eyes on Jackson, "how did you know how to do that?"
Jackson sighs and gives a brief summary of his magic for Jesse's sake, and then elaborates for all of us. "When my magic first manifested as a kid, I just used to lay in bed with energy pounding through me - I couldn't sleep for weeks." He sighs, hanging his head and putting his forehead in his hand. "I got really skinny and was ravenous all the time - and no one had figured out what was up with my magic yet, so they didn't figure out that I needed a lot of food if I was going to burn energy like that. So, I just had to... work it out for myself. I would just lay in bed and focus on it and try to like... calm it down, talk nice to it like my friend Cristof did to me when I got upset."
He gulps a little then, hanging his head for a second, and I feel a wave of longing come across our bond. My heart breaks, my lips parting slightly when I realize that Jackson... misses his friend.
But my mate moves on quickly, raising his head again, not even looking at me or addressing the sudden, fleeting emotion.
"So," Jackson says with a shrug, looking at Jesse's gaze. "I know because I've been there. It's your magic though - just...keep in mind that it responds to you, and that you're in charge."
"I'm glad you were here, man," Jesse says, leaning back against the headboard and shaking his head. "These two," he says, pointing his thumb between Rafe and I, "were completely useless."
I squeak in protest, sitting up straight, even though he's right. Rafe just laughs, reaching for the whiskey bottle in my hands and raising it towards Jackson this time. "Seriously, man, thank the Goddess for you and your stupid obsession with my sister."
I squeak again before I scowl and try to snatch the whiskey away from him in revenge, but Jackson just smiles and nods to the two of them, clearly he glad he was here as well.
"So, is it going to happen again?" Jesse asks after a moment, looking anxiously down at his arms.
"Probably," Jackson sighs, taking the whiskey bottle from Rafe when he passes it and taking a swig. "But you'll get better and better at handling it."
"Well, what if it happens in like...the middle of class..." Jesse murmurs, looking down at his limbs suspiciously like they might burst into shadow at any second.
"You'll deal," Jackson says with a shrug, easy and confident and unimaginative in the most useful way. I laugh a little, scootching closer to him and resting my head on his shoulder. "Can you call it up now?" Rafe asks, curious.
"Um, I think I'd rather not try," Jesse replies, still on edge. I take the bottle from Jackson's hands and hand it
over to Jesse, who sends me a grateful flash of a smile. "I think want to...talk to my mom. If that's not the most pathetic thing you've ever heard." 
"Your mom's a powerful sorceress," Rafe says with a happy shrug. "Much like my own. I think it makes a lot of sense - we can call them tomorrow."
"Yeah," Jesse says on a relieved
sigh. "I think that's...for the best." He looks around at all of us. "Can you guys come for that call? It will be helpful to have you...help me explain." 
"Of course we can," I say happily. "Why don't we skip breakfast, do that instead?"
Jackson's stomach grumbles a little already and I grin, looking up at him.
"Fine," I laugh. "We'll make a special request for breakfast to be sent up here, just this once."
"I'm sure they'll accommodate that," Rafe says, very assured that his princely demands will be obeyed. Our dads are everyone's bosses, anyway.
"Cool," Jesse says on a deep exhale, looking down at his hands. "Okay. I feel...better."
We're all quiet for a long moment.
"Hey Jess?" I say quietly, leaning forward towards him, thinking that he might be a little more willing now to talk about it. "What do they...feel like? The shadows?" He takes a moment and we all sit very still.
"It feels...very dark," Jesse murmurs.
"And I know that seems obvious
but... I don't know how else to describe it. But it feels...like an animal that's an extension of me. Not like my wolf - not sentient like that. But still an animal that it's my job to leash and control...like a snake, or a panther, something that only comes out at night and is hungry and a little vicious." He shakes his head, frowning, trying to figure it out. "But it's also...soft and pliable. Like I can turn it into anything. And...warm?"
###Chapter 0538
He looks up at us and shrugs, his expression wary, like he thinks he might sound crazy.
"That's...scary, man," Rafe says, his voice breathy. "But also really cool."
Slowly, Jesse breaks out into a smile. "Yeah, I...I think it kind of is."
"Fire goddess, shadow lord," Jackson murmurs, looking around at us like he's kind of tickled by it. "Whatever you come up with next is going to be amazing, Rafe, if you're going to match up with these two." Jesse laughs and I grin at my brother, but my smile falters a little as Rafe pretends to laugh before he drops his head, his face falling a little bit.
And my heart sinks again when I realize that my poor brother - who just got dumped - likewise feels left out of this too. Because he's the only one here whose magic hasn't manifested.
Which...probably makes him feel more alone than ever.
"Rafe," I say quietly, reaching for him.
But my brother straightens his shoulders, pretending he doesn't hear me.
My hand falls before I touch him, sensing that he doesn't want that right now.
"Well, we have to get up early," Rafe says, forcing a smile, "especially if we're going to send word to mom and Cora that we want to chat. Do you think you can sleep, Jess?"
"Probably not," Jesse laughs, only a touch hysterically, shaking his head. "But...I mean, I can try."
"Well, what if it happens again?" I ask anxiously, biting my lip.
"I'll just scream louder, cousin," Jesse says, reaching out and giving me a pat on the knee, using his sense of humor and bravado to cover the anxiety that I can still see running through him. After all, he's gone through a big change today - and swirling clouds of darkness are not precisely a warm and cuddly gift.
I mean, not that bursting things into flames is. At least not technically. But...well, I like it.
And I'm not sure that Jesse likes his as much - at least not yet.
"Well, I'm staying here," I say, crawling quickly across the bed and cuddling up on the pillow on the far side of the bed that Jesse always leaves open. I grin at Jesse as he turns to stare at me. "In case you need me." "Ariel, go to bed -"
"No way!" I say, laughing and giving him a soft smack on the back. "If you get lost in a cloud of shadows I'm getting lost in them too. Cousins stick together."
Jesse groans but he doesn't protest any more, falling back on his own pillows.
Jackson sighs, but then starts to lay down, stretching himself length-wise across the foot of the bed.
"Wait, what do you think you're doing!?" Jesse gasps, sitting up again and staring at Jackson.
"Is this...are we still not clear on this?" Jackson asks, looking up at Jesse like he's exhausted at having to explain again, his feet hanging far off the bed as he stretches out to his full height. He points a finger at me. "I sleep where she sleeps." 
"You both cannot sleep in my bed! You don't fit!"
"Yes we do, Jesse, it's just a puppy pile like we did when we were kids," I say with a happy sigh, curling up comfortably as Jackson settles his head down by my feet. Jackson reaches up and puts a warm and comforting hand on my calf, think wanting to maintain body contact with me even as he realizes that it's going to be inappropriate for us to cuddle all night like we usually do. 
"Well, if they're staying, so am I," Rafe sighs, giving Jesse a shove. "Budge over."
"What?!" Jesse protests, bumping into me as Rafe pulls his legs up onto the bed and then curls up on Jesse's either side. "Guys, this is ridiculous the bed is going to collapse!" 
-
en FindNovel
"Use your newfound shadow power to prop it up or something," I say with a happy sigh, closing my eyes.
"What will that do!? They're insubstantial -"
"Well, then we'll all collapse together," Rafe murmurs. "Like a family."
"But-"
"Goodnight, Jesse!" Rafe calls, laughing a little under his breath. "We love you!"
"Yeah, love ya," Jackson murmurs, his voice already sleepy.
We all fall quiet as Jesse heaves a huge sigh, giving in. And then, in the tiny sliver of bed left to him, Jesse turns his back to me and curls himself up.
And even if he pretends to be exasperated by us...deep down, I know that Jesse's very grateful to have us all close by in case he needs us.
###Chapter 0539
The next morning I find myself, by some bizarre miracle...at the foot of the bed, blinking awake with my face pressed against Jackson's chest.
God, how did I even get here? I yawn and reach up a hand to rub my eyes. Did I like...crawl down here in my sleep?
"We're never doing this again," Jackson murmurs, already awake, stroking a hand down over my hair. "I don't care how much we love them or how many shadows there are. We're sleeping in our own bed."
I laugh a little, picking my head up to grin at my mate and then looking up at Jesse, who is asleep on his back as usual, snoring lightly, and Rafe, also on his back, his arm sprawled backwards across Jesse's body.
"But it's so cuuuute," I sigh, putting my head back down. "Plus, I slept great."
"Yeah, because you had your usual mattress," Jackson murmurs, groaning as he sits up, taking me with him. "The rest of us..."
Rafe shushes us harshly and turns his head to the side, frowning. "Go back to sleep," he groans, moody and exhausted.
"Time to get up," Jacks sighs, holding me cozily in his lap, my head tucked under his chin. I yawn and Jackson tucks a hand sneakily beneath my pajama top, passing me a little bolt of energy, which shivers pleasantly through me. I grin suddenly, picking my head up to beam at him as the energy rushes through me, making me feel quite bright and fresh and eager to start the day.
"I love you," I sigh, giving him a little kiss on the nose. "You're the best."
"No being cute," Rafe bites out, yanking the pillow from beneath his head and throwing it at us. "Or so awake."
"Jacks, give him a little jolt too." I say, laughing at my brother as I swat the pillow away.
"That won't work," Jackson replies, frowning at me.
"What are you talking about?" Rafe asks, sighing when he realizes we're not going back to sleep. Jesse snorts awake as well, blinking around at us, totally confused.
"Jackson passes me his energy, magically," I say with a happy sigh, stretching my arms smugly above my head. "I will never be tired again. Plus, it cures minor hangovers."
"What?" Rafe seethes, jealous and a little awed, pulling himself up and staring at me. "Are you...serious?"
I shrug and Jackson looks at Rafe with his usual stoicism, which is apparently convincing enough to make my brother groan, leaning back hard against Jesse's headboard. "Life is so unfair."
"Whass...happenin..." Jesse croaks, pulling himself up and rubbing at his eyes, yawning.
"Ariel was just informing me that her stupid mating bond means she gets limitless energy on command for free," Rafe bites out, sighing hard.
Jesse stares at him and then over at
athim
us. "Booo," he sighs, throwing his pillow at us in turn. I laugh, swatting that away too. "That's so unfair. You get someone who loves you and you never need coffee? And all I get is
stupid shadows?" 
I laugh harder now, grinning at my brother and my cousin, not really feeling sorry for them - after all, they won the genetic lottery of being gigantic and powerful and fast. It's about time I got the leg up in this situation. Still...my wolf nudges me, urging me forward, some instinct telling her to pursue the question.
"Come on, Jacky," I say, grinning up at him. He frowns at me, not liking that particular nickname. My grin widens. "Just...try to see if you can pass Rafe some energy too. See what happens."
Jackson shrugs and reaches out, putting his hand on a bare spot on Rafe's leg where his pajama pants have ridden up.
"Whoa!" Rafe says, yanking his leg away. "What the hell are you doing!?"
"It needs skin-to-skin contact," Jackson says, rolling his eyes at Rafe. "What, do you think I'm making a move on you or something? Your sister is...literally in my lap right now."
"Yes, an arrangement which is becoming far too casual in this room," Rafe snaps leaning forward to glare at Jackson, though I can tell he's having a bit more fun with it now that he's waking up a bit.
"Here, try me," Jesse says, yawning
and sticking out his leg towards
Jackson. Jackson complies, reaching out for Jesse, putting a hand on his shin. Then Jackson takes a deep breath and
tacentrates the same way guess
he does when he gives me energy. 
We all wait, watching, but...
"No cigar, my man," Jesse says with a sigh. "I guess we're getting an espresso machine after all." "Okay, wait," I say, my wolf nudging me again, urging me to keep trying. "Let's do it this way..."
I scoot out of Jackson's lap and onto the bed, reaching out a hand between Rafe and Jacks.
"What is this?" Jackson asks, his face scrunching in confusion.
"Oh, just do it," I sigh, knowing that
we have to get a move on today. I reach my hands out further to each of them,nsistent, and
simultaneously both Rafe and
Jackson slap a hand against mine. I squeeze both of theirs and then turn to grin at Jacks. 
###Chapter 0540
"Okay, buddy," I say with a grin. "Juice me up."
"Don't call me buddy," he mutters, "or Jacky. Or anything that ends in -ie."
"Yes, puppy," I sigh, my grin deepening. But Jackson just rolls his eyes before he closes them and begins to concentrate again. Immediately I feel the energy fill me, a warm buzz of power that floods into me like an ocean wave. But as soon as it gets quite near the point where I start to feel full of it like I can't hold anymore - I concentrate on my hand in Rafe's, on the bond I have with my brother which I know has always been strong.
And suddenly I feel it happen - feel the energy start to siphon off like a stream from a wide lake. I grin, turning to Rafe, watching, waiting...
And when he starts to feel it, his eyes go wide. I give a little push, letting it flood into him a little, and Rafe gasps, his hair nearly standing on end.
"Holy shit, holy shit!" Rafe stutters, dropping my hand and scrambling away from me. "Are you...are you serious!?"
"Whoa," Jackson says, his eyes going wide, the energy still flowing into me but now with nowhere to go.
Laughing, a little desperate to put the energy somewhere before I get overfilled, I reach out for Jesse, giving him a bunch of power in a single rush.
Jesse gives a little shriek, jumping away from my touch and scrambling, like Rafe, away from me and towards the headboard.
I laugh, dropping Jackson's hand and falling back into his arms, which he wraps obligingly around me. "See?" I say, desperately pleased and eager as I look towards my brother and my cousin, who just gape and stare back at us. "Now we're all awake." "Hooooly crap," Rafe breathes, looking between me and Jackson. "Ariel - Jacks - this is...this is huge. This is..." he shakes his head, dazed. "Why - why can we do that?"
"Dad always said the three of us have a bond, like a literal one," Jesse says, gesturing towards me and Rafe. I turn to listen to him, but my eyes go wide at what I see. "I mean," he continues, little puffs of shadow starting to spill from his mouth as he goes, "I guess Ariel and Jackson can share because they have a bond? Which means we...'
Jesse sees all of us gaping at him.
"What," he asks, immediately starting to get freaked out. "What's going on?"
"Um, cousin?" I say gently, leaning forward and gesturing towards my own mouth. "You're...leaking. A little bit."
Jesse looks down and jumps a little
when he sees the little cloud of shadow forming in front of him. "Shit," he mutters, and then he takes a deep breath, closing his eyes and continuing to breathe deeply. As we all watch, the shadows slowly slip back into him. When he opens his eyes a few seconds later, they're all gone. 
Rafe frowns between us, still a little freaked. "Yeah. We need to tell mom."
I look up at Jackson. "Do you think that was because..."
"Probably," he says, looking down at me.
"Hey," Jesse says, giving Jackson a kick. "No cryptic mate-speak when it involves my magic. What's going on?"
Jackson sighs a little, looking at the
clock before he looks back to Rafe and Jesse. can use my magic to boost Ariel's," he says. "Probably has the same effect on yours. Sorry, man, we should have...thought of that before we experimented." 
"No worries," Jesse says, giving a little shrug. "No harm done. I think." He looks down at himself again, like he's double checking.
"All right, enough magic play for one
morning. Let's go for our run," Jacks
says, lifting me easily off the bed and setting me on my feet before getting to his own. "And then see if they will send the breakfast up here. Because I am starving now 
"Triple breakfast for Jackson, I suppose," I say, smiling up at my mate, wrapping my arms around his waist.
"Quadruple," he sighs, bending down and giving me a little kiss on the forehead, "if I have to supply energy for those two as well."
"Only in times of desperation," I whisper, grinning. "Every other day, I get to be selfish."
"Let's go!" Rafe whoops, jumping out of the bed and striding across the room, Jackson's energy burst apparently doing its job for him as well. "Let's do this run and then call our moms, tell them all the weird shit that just happened!" Jesse whoops too, dashing for the bathroom.
None of us mention the little trail of shadows that chase him there, though Jackson looks at me with a bit of a grimace.
I just laugh, standing on my toes and tilting my head back, begging for another kiss.
Which my mate, ever gracious, willingly provides.
###Chapter 0541
We make it through our run in record time, I think each of us feeling Jackson's nearly limitless energy flowing through us and grateful for it. "Seriously," Jesse says, beaming at Jacks. "You should bottle this stuff. Sell it on the black market. Make millions."
"I don't need millions," Jackson murmurs distractedly in reply, his hand on his hips, looking out over the hills in the distance outside the castle. "Also, don't you two get hooked," he says, turning back to aim a little glare at Jesse and Rafe. "I have a lot of energy built up in reserves but it would take work to supply four people every day. So. Only in emergencies."
"What, and Ariel gets energy on tap whenever she demands it?" Rafe asks with a smirk, gesturing towards me.
"Yes!" I say, pumping my fists into the air even as I pant, my body still recovering from the long run. I'm still not really able to keep up with them, even if I am getting better. "Mate privileges!"
"No," Jackson corrects, giving me a glare, even if he can't help smiling as he does. "Just...a little bit in the morning. To help you with your crazy schedule."
"We'll see," I say, patting his arm in an ameliorating way and giving Jesse and Rafe a wink, letting them know I'm in charge.
"All right, enough of this," Rafe says, pressing the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger and looking so much like dad when he's trying to concentrate that I break into a wide grin. "So, we're agreed? Jesse goes to the computer lab to get a laptop and a router, I go to the Captain's office to request an emergency video call with mom, Jackson goes to get Luca before he can leave for breakfast so he can tell mom the plan for the gym before we have the magic chat, and Ari..."
"Cleans up the room and makes it so our mothers don't know we live like wanton slobs and my boyfriend kind of moved in!" I say this cheerfully, my hands perched jauntily on my waist.
"Voice down, Ari," Rafe murmurs, glancing around, even though we're all alone. "We're still at least pretending to operate under a veil of secrecy."
"Maybe Jesse's shadows can do that," I say cheerfully, beaming at him. "Could you make like...a shadow dome?" I lift my hands above my head and spread them wide in a circle. "Though which people couldn't see or hear?" Jesse tilts his head to the side, I think intrigued by the concept.
"All right, let's go," Rafe sighs, all business, dismissing the questions about Jesse's magical potential. I laugh and together the four of us head into the Castle before breaking into different directions.
I pant a bit as I finish climbing the
staircase up to our floor, my mind running through all the things I have to do. I mean, I don't think Jacks has left a lot of traces of his presence, but the whiskey bottle is sitting around somewhere half full, and the beds are certainly all unmade this morning... 
I'm still thinking it through, wondering if breakfast is going to come up in time, as I push open the door and step into the room, absently shutting it behind me.
But I go still and stand straight when the lock clicks in the door.
Slowly I turn to stare at it because...
I...I did not turn that lock.
"Who knew, Ariel," a deep voice says, ringing out in our room. "That you look so ravishing in the morning after your run."
My head snaps towards the center of the room where Alvez lounges in my brother's armchair.
"I sensed the presence of new magic in the Castle," Alvez continues, quietly standing and beginning to move around the coffee table towards me. "So I came up, expecting to run into all three of the Sinclairs at once. But what a treat for me, to find you all alone." I take a step backwards, stunned, pressing my back against the door.
"Looks like," Alvez murmurs,
crossing the room too fast for how
few steps he's taken, "we're going to have the opportunity to have our little tutoring session early, aren't we?" Quite suddenly he's right in front of me, lifting a hand to press next to my head at the door, looming over me. 
I stare up at my professor for a long moment, still totally shocked, when suddenly something about the way he begins to smile, his canines just peeking out from between his lips breaks my wolf out of our stupor and sets her raging. She leaps forward in my soul, opening her teeth to let out a murderous roar, and my body moves my instinct. I whip my hands up, shoving Alvez hard, putting my whole body into it as I shout. 
I take him by surprise, causing him to stumble back a few steps, and I take advantage of the time and space I've earned myself, whipping around and grabbing for the lock on the door - twisting even as I grab the handle -
###Chapter 0542
But my fingers just slip away from it even as I try to turn. What - what!?
I gasp in fear and frustration, hauling on the door, trying to turn the lock - but it won't budge, no matter how much I wrench my wrist-
Suddenly arms are around my waist and I scream bloody murder as I'm hauled away from the door. My nails extend into claws, my teeth into fangs as Alvez drags me to the center of the room. I kick and twist, trying desperately to get away, but all of it is fruitless. "Silence," he snarls, and suddenly my voice wrenches from my throat.
I scream in panic and in rage, my hands flying to my neck, but no sound comes out - none at all.
"That's better," he growls, throwing me hard down onto the couch and pinning me down there, his hands hard against my biceps, his knees pinning down my thighs. "Now you can listen to me, my little demigoddess, as I tell you all the things I'm going to do to you." He brings his head forward, delivering a long lick of his tongue up my neck and cheek. I scream again in fear and rage, but again no sound comes out, even as I thrash wildly against him.
But he's too big - and I'm so small -
Inwardly I quail, wishing I'd had more time with Blaze already - wishing I knew how to break out of this -
And quite suddenly, I do - but not from my time with Blaze.
From Luca.
I shift in an instant, flashing into my wolf, twisting beneath Alvez. Something about it - about the sudden change in my body or how fast I move makes him lose his grip and I flit away - leaping away from him in my lithe wolf form, running hard for the window - Wondering desperately if I can leap from it, if I'll die instantly, if it's worth the risk -
But suddenly, even as I leap midair, I...freeze.
Alvez's laughter rings out behind me as I just...hang in the air, my breath coming fast in my wolf's lungs, panting out between my teeth.
"Clever little princess," Alvez hums, and I see him in my periphery first as he slowly walks around me until he stands just before me, his hands tucked neatly behind his back. He bends down to grin into my face. "Oh, I have been looking forward to experimenting with you, seeing what we can really push you to."
I snarl, the sound echoing out of me even as Alvez leers. I start a bit, surprised that my voice is apparently back after my shift, but there's no time to think on it as Alvez suddenly he whips his hand forward and snaps his fingers.
I fall out of the air, landing hard on the floor, somehow -
Somehow back in my human form -
I whip my head up to him, glaring hard. "How are you doing that!?"
"Oh, I thought you were clever, princess, Alvez says, still grinning down at me like this is the most fun he's had all year. "Haven't you
figured it out yet? Who I really am?" 
en FindNovel
I stare up at him, my mouth falling open, just as the handle on the door begins to twist.
Both Alvez and I snap our heads to the door just as the knock comes and a voice calls out my name. "Ari?"
Jackson. And Luca too, there with him - I can feel both of my bonds can feel their curiosity at the locked
door, their rising tension as they feel my fear rippling out in franti@waves. 
"Ari, are you in there? What's wrong?"
I open my mouth, a desperate response on my lips, but Alvez seizes my arm in his hand.
"One word from you," Alvez growls. "And I will disintegrate him. In an instant."
I look up at my professor, horrified at the threat - and by the look in his eyes, utter cruelty, utter confidence...I know he can do it. And he will. Slowly I close my mouth, nodding to him.
But even if I don't call to them, Luca
and Jackson both at once realize that something is terribly wrong the moment 'shut down my bonds, not wanting them to feel my fear
anymore, terrified that Alvez will hurt them. .
MS
There's an instant of pause and then a horrible banging at the door as one or both of them throw their bodies against it, trying to get inside to me at all costs.
"Tell them to stop, little girl," Alvez hisses, leaning closer to me. "Or they will pay with their lives."
I groan, desperate at the idea, and then let my eyes flutter shut, my arm still gripped hard in Alvez's hand, as I open my bonds and take a deep breath.
But before I can beg them to stop, to turn away, to save themselves -
The door shatters into wooden shards, and Luca and Jackson - their fists covered in blood and splinters - force their way in.
###Chapter 0543
I scream as the boys come through the door, as Alvez hauls hard on my arm, pulling me up and spinning me around, clasping me to his chest with one arm while the other shoots out towards Jackson and Luca, who barrel forward.
through Avlez's power, attempting by some instinct to singe it, to burn it, to destroy -
I feel the dark power streaming out of Alvez and heading towards the boys. Desperate, horrified, I press my eyes shut as my scream rips from me, as I send all of my own heart after Alvez's magic, all the heat I have in my body and my bones racing to meet it, to trace My eyes fly open again when I hear Luca shout in pain and I watch as the magic hits him, knocking him backwards off his feet and flat onto his back.
Jackson flinches in pain, shouting as the magic pulses over him, his canines extended in his rage. But he pounds forward unharmed, continuing on his path straight for me.
Alvez growls, looking down at me as he figures out that I had something to do with the interruption to his magic, but before he can do more than adjust his grip on me a fist lashes out through the air, connecting solidly with his face. Alvez groans, stumbling backwards, his arm loosening around me -
Suddenly there's a hand fisted in my shirt and my body is ripped from its place held tight against Alvez. I'm hurled forwards, past Jackson, and I stumble, trying to catch my balance, only to be caught in Luca's arms as he pulls me close.
Still, I whip my head back in time to see Jackson delivering his second punch, and then his third, all solidly to Alvez's face, knocking him nearly senseless. I see the magic welling at Alvez's hands but with every punch it flickers, dimming slightly before regaining power. "Jackson!" Luca gasps out, pulling me tight to him. "What the - what the fuck are you doing - he's a professor -"
"He's not," I stumble out, looking up desperately at Luca. "He's -"
"Luca!" Jackson shouts, "fucking help me!" He still delivering the blows desperately, though I can see Alvez grabbing at Jackson now - and where he grabs, Jackson's clothing starts to disintegrate in patches -
I gasp, instantly moving for Jackson now, reaching for him.
But Luca pushes me backwards, dashing forward.
"Don't let his hands touch you!" Jackson says, shoving Alvez away from him and towards Luca, who winds up his right arm and delivers one hell of a punch to Alvez's jaw, sending him stumbling away.
I watch, terrified, as my two mates work together to incapacitate Alvez - but even as they do, I see Alvez begin to grow stronger.
A shout of fear and rage at the door makes me spin and suddenly two more Alphas are rushing forward - my brother, my cousin -
Jesse drops an open laptop on the floor as he dashes in at Rafe's heels and it lands with a sickening crack. Still, I ignore it -
"Don't let him touch you!" I scream, a little senseless with my helplessness as Rafe dashes into the middle of the mess and reaches for Alvez.
Alvez, grinning through his bloodied
-
teeth through an eye already
swollen shut
-
- turns to my brother
and smacks his hands hard against his chest. Rafe screams - a horrible sound of fear and pain - and t scream too, dashing forward, desperate to help - 
Jesse lets out a mighty yell and throws his body into Rafe's, knocking him aside. As Alvez's arms fall slightly, Jesse's hand snaps out, wrapping around the other man's neck.
But Jesse, he gets there faster than all of us.
And as Jesse's fingers tighten, shadows burst from him, all of them wrapping themselves around Alvez as well.
Rafe falls coughing to the floor as
Luca stumbles back, gasping in fear
and surprise, going to the ground next to Rafe. Jackson stands panting as I dash forward, his arm cocked high, ready to deliver another blow whenever it's necessary - 
But it doesn't seem necessary.
Jesse moves forward, his teeth bared, his canines elongated, pushing Alvez backward until his back slams against the far stone wall. All the time Jesse's shadows writhe, twining around Alvez's limbs, seeping into his mouth, sliding into his throat. Tendrils of Jesse's darkness are everywhere around Alvez, and as I fall to my knees at Rafe's side, my hands wrapping around his heaving shoulders, I gape to see that the shadows - they're not just tricks of light anymore. 
###Chapter 0544
No, they're tangible things, wrapping hard around Alvez's neck, his limbs, his body, extensions of Jesse's will.
"Who are you," Jesse growls, his voice echoing in the room, bizarrely doubled so that it sounds like there are two of him - one his normal voice, one much deeper - a dark purr. "What the fuck do you want?" Jesse tightens his fingers around Alvez's throat once more and Rafe and I go rigid with shock when we see Jesse's hand slip, somehow, inward-
Not because he's ripped Alvez's flesh open but because - because...
My mouth drops open and I stop breathing - I have no explanation.
But Jesse's snarl deepens as he begins to pull, drawing something forward towards him.
A great shadow begins to emerge from Alvez's form, held tight in Jesse's hand. At first it's Alvez's double, but as Jesse steps back and pulls it further forward, it becomes clear that the man who emerges is... Is not Alvez at all.
Is someone much, much worse.
Alvez's eyes roll back in his head as the shadow is pulled free and he collapses to the floor in a heap of flesh.
But none of our eyes are on him. Instead, they're on the incredibly tall shadow of a man whose throat is still held in Jesse's fist.
"Well, little demigod," the shadow man snarls. "Looks like my girl has found you at last."
"Who are you!?" Jesse demands, his voice still echoing in that uncanny, two-throated way. I gasp in a breath, what feels like my first in minutes, as my eyes dart around the room to
see that Jackson is still stanom to
with his fist cocked, and Luca is on Rafe's other side, just staring in shock. In my hands, I can feel Rafe panting, even though each breath
makes him wince in pain.
My eyes fly back to the shadow man when he speaks. "Do you not recognize me, child?" the shadow replies, taking a step towards Jesse, forcing Jesse to take a step back, even as his magic writhes, still trapping the man.
The man's voice booms out, echoing through all of us, and a shiver goes through me as I realize that I know exactly who it is - know it in my bones, even though I've never seen him before.
"You're..." Jesse breathes, his eyes going wide.
"Yes, I'm the one your grandmother created you as a weapon against," the God of Darkness says, his lips pulling back in a snarl as he glances down at Jesse's shadows. "That bitch, my wife. She is clever, I will give her that, to imbue her grandson with power equal to mine, to hold me back." 
The man flicks his eyes to me now, and to Rafe.
"Even if she left the others vulnerable."
A slow smile takes his lips.
A snarl takes mine. "Tear him to pieces, Jesse," I command, rising to my feet, livid and finished with this god's threats, his deception, his insults to my family.
"I'm fucking trying, Ariel," Jesse grinds out, and as he does I see his shadows tighten, almost...sharpen somehow.
But the God ignores him, his eyes now on me. "Look at you, little goddess," he says, shaking his head, a look of obscene pleasure now on his face. haven't seen you with my true eyes since you were an infant - and look how well you've grown up. You're even more beautiful now that I see you with my own eyes, not through that..." he glances back now at Alvez, "that wretch's miserable mortal flesh." 
I growl, ignoring his words, stepping towards him. "Can you kill him, Jesse?" I ask, livid. "If you can, do it."
###Chapter 0545
"He cannot kill me," the God says, laughing darkly as I come closer. Suddenly a hand lashes out, hitting Jesse hard in the chest and sending him sprawling down on the ground next to Rafe. But even as he falls away, Jesse's shadows stay tight around the god before us, winding around him. "Even if this is merely a shard of my power, do you think a gift of magic to a mortal would be enough to kill a God?"
"Ariel!" Rafe shouts, and behind me I can hear him working hard to scramble to his feet. "Get away from him!"
I ignore my brother.
"I think it's enough to weaken a God," I say, my voice shaking with my rage as I take another step towards the God of Darkness, looking up into his face now. "Or else you would have killed us by now."
"Kill you," the God says, laughing down at me, almost as if he's entertained. "Dear heart," he snarls, "I don't want to kill you. You're far too interesting to me." He raises a hand, reaching to cup my cheek, but one of Jesse's shadows whips out and the God gasps as his wrist is yanked down.
"And you in particular," the God purrs, leaning closer to me after sending a dark glare Jesse's way, "are so like your grandmother - the woman she was tens of thousands of years ago - when we first began our reign. So fiery. So...delicious." He smirks as his eyes drop to my body, as I feel again the perverse lick of his tongue up my neck, my cheek. I slap my hand to my cheek, trying to wipe the sensation away - but of course I can't. He's using his magic, even though it feels... so real, so vivid. "Enough," Jackson growls, and I realize that he moved without me realizing it, stepping forward to wrap his hand my arm, to pull me back.
"Mated, yes," the God says with a vicious laugh, standing up straighter as Luca moves to my other side, standing close and likewise glaring at the shadow before us, both of my mates ready to take on a god for my sake. "And to one of mine, nonetheless," he murmurs, turning to Jackson with interest. "What an...interesting choice for my wife to have made."
I go pale at these words, staring between Jackson and the God of Darkness, wondering...what the hell that means.
"But nevermind," the God sighs, even as a wicked midnight glimmer comes into his eyes. "For you have...a sister, don't you? Even more like my goddess bride, and she is as-yet free..."
I break, lashing forward, my teeth snapping as I whip my hand forward, my claws extended, intending to rip him to shreds for the threat against my sister - my Juniper -
But it's enough, and as his hand flies up, snatching my wrist out of the air, I realize that I fell precisely into his trap.
Jackson keeps his hold on me, not
ane
letting go, even as I fly forward, caught in the God of Darkness's grasp. Luca likewise grabs me, an arm around my waist, and Jesse's shadows tighten around the God. Jesse gasps with the strain of it, clearly reaching the limits of his newfound control. 
"It has been fun, little demigoddess," the God of Darkness says, drawing my face close to him, "watching you these past few months in that worthless form. But now the time for games is up." He moves fast then, pressing his mouth perversely to mine. 
And as his lips move hard against my own, I feel something...wake in me. Something dark, and cold, moving within the depths of me.
"Come and find me," he growls, breaking away and leering down into my face. "When you are of need. And you will be of need - and then..." he flicks his eyes now to the Alphas of the room, each of whom I suddenly realize is frozen in place so that it is? 
It is just me now, taking the Dark God's whole attention.
"Then, we will see what you are willing to bargain, when you are stripped of your protectors and your pride."
He snarls one last time, snapping his teeth so close to my face that I flinch and gasp -
But then he's gone.
Disappeared, vanishing into nothing.
My hand falls to my side as everyone in the room suddenly comes back into time, their bodies unfreezing.
###Chapter 0546
Luca gets to me first, pulling me hard against his chest, tucking his head down against my shoulder. But Jackson's here too, at my side, taking my chin in his hands and turning it towards him. "Ariel," Jackson whispers, desperate, "are you...all right?"
Slowly I nod, staring at him, unable to do more than that in my shock.
Behind me, Rafe groans and Luca turns toward him, taking me with him. My eyes go wide when I again see the ruin of Rafe's chest - where his uniform has disintegrated, the God of Darkness's two handprints seemingly burned into his flesh. I cry out in dismay to see my brother wounded but Jesse is already there, his shadows beginning to sink back into him as he slips his hand beneath Rafe's shoulders, urging him to lay down flat on the floor, murmuring to him, inspecting the wounds.
I look anxiously around the room then, terrified. "Is he...is he gone? Or just invisible?"
"He's gone," Jesse calls over to me, lifting attention away from Rafe for a brief second. "I can feel him when he's here. Which is probably why he decided to attack today."
Still shaken, but I think encouraged by the idea that he's gone, Luca, Jackson and I move over to stand over Rafe and Jesse, staring horrified down at my brother, baffled by what just happened, none of us able to fully comprehend it just yet - "Kids?"
All of our heads turn towards the tinny electronic voice.
It takes me a moment to focus on the laptop on its side, half broken, and the images of my mother and my aunt leaning close to the camera, peering at their own screen, trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
"Rafe, Jesse?" I hear Cora's voice ask. "Is...everything okay?"
"Mom," Rafe croaks out, a little sigh in his voice alongside a wince of pain. "I think...you need to come here."
I see my mom's eyes go wide with panic.
"Whoa," says a voice across the room.
My head flies up to see Ben standing there on the other side of the splintered wreckage of our door.
"What...what happened here?" Ben's eyes are wide with shock as he stares around the room.
"I'm coming now, Rafe," our mom snaps, and my eyes move to the computer to see her beautiful face framed in the screen. "You just hold on, baby - I'm coming right now."
The screen goes dark and we all stand very, very still.
Until I exhale, taking a stumbling
step back. Jackson's there already, the warm bulk of his body steady behind mine. I let myself go slack against him as I look around the room at the furniture scattered everywhere, the wood splinters all over the ground, and the passed-out - perhaps dead? - body of our professor laying heaped on the floor. 
We all just stand completely still, staring around. Even Ben seems to be unable to catch his breath, words.
"Um," I whisper, feeling a little ridiculous. "If mom's coming...maybe we should clean up."
Everyone's eyes turn slowly towards me to stare at me like that's the understatement of the year.
?.ne
We all tense simultaneously when we hear movement from area by the window where Alvez lays slumped reach for Jackson, wanting him close as we all turn towards Alez, watching as his body slowly stirs. 
Jesse lets out a dark growl, slowly rising to his feet as Alvez's shoulders twitch and he lifts his head.
None of us move as he blinks around at us, confused. "Who...who are you all?" he asks, seeming frightened and baffled. "Where am I?"
"Professor Alvez?" Ben asks, stepping into the room and starting towards him, the only one of us who has found his voice. "You don't...know who your students are?"
I stare at Alvez, trying to figure it out - if he's just...faking it?
Or if he really was...possessed this whole time. If we're actually meeting John Alvez...kind of for the first time.
Alvez pulls himself to a sitting
position, but as he does I can tell
that it costs him a great deal. He leans back against the wall, panting like he's run a marathon, looking around at us. When his eyes land on Rafe and Jesse, he goes a bit still. "Are you... Rafe Sinclair?" he asks like he kind of can't believe it. 
###Chapter 0547
Rafe doesn't respond, just looks up at Jesse. "Can you do anything? To...tell if he's still in there?"
"If who's still in...where..." Alvez murmurs, raising a hand to his forehead and pressing it over his eyes like he has one hell of a headache.
I watch, completely still in Jackson's arms, as Jesse's shadows snake across the floor.
Ben gasps in shock, taking a step back, and Luca's whole body goes tense next to me. "Fucking magic..." Luca whispers, awed and I think a little horrified, "of course, I always forget that you're all...fucking magic."
But I ignore him, watching as the shadows slip over Alvez, begin to explore him.
Alvez gasps in surprise, his eyes flying open, going a bit stiff. He stays perfectly still as the shadows finish their exploration, clearly not hurting him even if he does look very, very freaked out by them. Then Jesse's shadows begin to slide away, reeling back into my cousin's body.
"I think he's...gone," Jesse says, crossing his arms as the last of the shadows disappear. "I mean, I don't know, I've been doing this for less than ten hours now. But...I could sense him in there at first - and now I think it's just...this guy."
"Come on, Ben," Jackson says with a sigh, loosening his arms around me and urging me a little towards Luca. Luca immediately opens his arms, taking me into them as Jackson waves Ben to come along as he strides for Alvez. "Let's get the professor down to the infirmary."
"Where am I?" Alvez asks, exhausted, looking up as Jackson takes him by his hands and pulls him to his feet.
"We'll fill you in on the way down," Jackson says kindly, draping one of Alvez's arms over his shoulders as Ben moves to support his other side. Luca loosens his arms around me, starting to move towards Jackson and Ben, eager to help - but Jackson holds a hand out. "It's okay, we'll handle it," Jackon says, looking back down at the professor who is slumped against him. "Stay here with Ariel, Luca. Make sure she's...safe."
Luca nods, stepping back and holding me tight again. I sigh, letting him take some of my weight, wanting the support.
"Get bandages?" I call out, my voice a little choked as Jackson and Ben move Alvez towards the door. "On your way back up?"
Jackson gives me a steady nod and then the trio disappears down the hall.
Luca keeps his arms tight around me as Jesse kneels again by Rafe's side, helping my brother peel his shirt back so that they can fully inspect his wounds. "Rafe, what the hell...happened," Jesse murmurs, looking closely at his chest that I originally thought was burned? But...
"I think he started to...disintegrate
me," Rafe murmurs, looking down in
horror at his raw flesh. "That was always-Alvez's power, right? Of, at least what we thought it was Clearly, he could do more." 
"That is...horrible," Jesse whispers, looking up into my brother's face, his expression saying what we're all thinking. That the God of Darkness
didn't get far on Rafe...but give a few more seconds to concentrate... 
QUMS
God.
I turn my head away from my brother, unable to look and think on it any further.
"What about you?" Luca whispers, and I look unsteadily up into his eyes. "Are you all right?"
"I don't know," I whisper, my wolf and I both turning towards this new thing within me. Or, perhaps not new just...awake.
"Sweetheart," Luca murmurs, frowning at me with worry. "What can I do?"
"Um," I say, glancing over at my brother and my cousin on the floor.
But as much as I wrack my brain for something he - or any of us - can do to fix this...
I've got no answers.
Because
even if we all did
miraculously survive our first
encounter with a great and powerful
magic, this all... it just got very
serious, and very real, didn't it? 
And I honestly have absolutely no idea where to turn next.
###Chapter 0548
Three hours later, everything has changed.
We're still in the room, having sent word to our professors that we're all...indisposed for the day. But mom is sitting on a cushion on the floor with Rafe's dark head in her lap, softly stroking her favorite's hair as he lays on a series of soft blankets that she had us lay out for him. And even though mom healed him pretty much the moment she came stumbling through the door, she still insists that Rafe not be moved - that he instead be quite intensely pampered exactly where he is.
Luckily, as the traumatized princess, I got a great deal of benefit from the Queen's attentions too. But her administration ended the moment she realized that I was physically fine and I'd rather have something to do to help than be coddled. Since then, my job has been fetching more and more plates of food as they come out of the dumbwaiter and carrying them over to the already-overloaded coffee table.
"My poor babies," mom murmurs, looking between us as I settle a plate of sandwiches down. "What a day you have had."
"We're fine, mom," Rafe sighs, his eyes lightly shut. "You're going to have to stop fussing at some point."
"Never," she sighs, quite sweet, making me smile as she leans forward and presses a kiss to Rafe's head.
"Oh, let him up, Ella," Cora says from her spot by the door, where she, Jesse, and Jacks are already fitting a new door into the gaping hole left by the last one. "Honestly, he's a big boy and you've healed him all up -"
"He's just a little tiny wounded meatball," mom corrects, heaving a squeaky sigh as she wraps her arms around her gigantic son, trying to hold him as tight as she can. "He can't help, he's hurt."
"Oh whatever," Cora says, laughing a little at mom's antics as she hands screws to Jackson as needed.
"Where did we even get a door so fast?" I ask, my hands on my hips as the dumbwaiter bell rings again. "And how much food did you have sent up?"
"All of it," mom says, her voice stern and decided. "I ordered six of everything in the kitchen, even from the back of the deep freezer. Meatball needs to get his strength back up and should have as many options as he wants." "Mom, I'm fine," Rafe says, opening his eyes and laughing. "And stop calling me meatball."
"Again, never." she sighs, tapping him lightly on the nose and making me laugh as he scowls. "And I'll decide when you're fine, cutie,"
"I'm not complaining about the food options," Jackson murmurs, eagerly looking over at all of the food as I head again to the dumbwaiter. He still hasnbeaten and, through me, he gave Rafe more of his strength to speed his healing before mom got here. So, while we all missed breakfast, I think Jackson is feeling particularly ravenous. Down the bond, I can basically feel his stomach rumble. 
"Okay, we got him," Luca says from the doorway as Cora screws in the final screw and Jesse gives the door an experimental swing. We all turn to see Tony standing between Ben and Luca, looking completely confused. 
"Um, hi?" Tony says, peering around the room. "Wow, nice place beyond the...wreckage of the door. Being royals apparently has its perks."
"Hi, Tony!" I call, carrying a plate of dumplings over to the table. "Do you want lunch?" I gesture to our wide buffet, which is probably more food than this crew of hungry Alphas can eat.
"The prince is laying on the floor in
what looks like..." Tony steps into the room, staring around at all of the splintered wood, "a matchbox
factory explosion. And you want me
to come in and... eat lunch? 
"Yup!" Mom says, grinning over at Tony like she thinks he's funny.
"Hi, I'm Cora," Cora says, peeking out from behind the door and reaching out a hand towards Tony. "I'm Jesse's mom."
"Oh..." Tony says, jumping a little in surprise at her sudden appearance. He takes her hand though and gives it a shake, along with an awkward little bow. "A pleasure to meet you...your grace?"
Cora laughs a little, coming around the door and looking curiously at Tony, a big smile growing on her lips. "None of that - just Cora is fine."
###Chapter 0549
"All right," Tony says, smiling back, and then turning back towards the room, dropping Cora's hand to follow Ben and Luca as they walk in.
"Actually," Cora says, watching Tony walk into the room as she swings the door shut. "We want you to come to class, not lunch. And since neither of you are enrolled in this class," she says, pointing a finger between Ben and Luca, "neither of you need to be here!" "But!" Ben says, looking longingly at the table as Cora, Jesse, and Jacks come to the center of the room. "The dumplings!"
"Oh, take them with you," Cora says with a sigh, scooping the plate up in her hand just as Jesse reaches for one, emitting a devastated groan of protest when she lifts it out of his grasp and pushes it at Ben.
"I'd rather stay," Luca says, a little awkwardly, running a hand through his hair and looking between my mom and Cora. "I was there this morning. I'd...like to know what happened."
"I'm sure Ari can fill you in later, Luca," my mom says, looking up at him with apology. "But we really are convening class right now, and having you here violates some of these Cadet's right to privacy."
Luca tightens his jaw, looking between Tony and Jackson, who he now has confirmation really are in the magic class.
"He can stay," Jackson says, sitting down on the floor close to me and reaching for an entire plate of sandwiches - an act that makes my eyebrows go up as I realize that perhaps mom didn't over-order as much as I thought she did. Jackson doesn't elaborate on his reasons, but my heart swells a little to see how much Jackson has come to trust Luca. I do my best to keep my happiness at this development off my face and away from my bond, but I know I've failed when Jackson looks up at me with a smirk.
"Well, even if Jackson is cool with it," Tony says, "I'm not." He looks at Luca with a little smirk on his lips as he plops onto the couch and reaches for a round sandwich with melted cheese and some sort of spicy meat.
Luca scoffs a little. "Your first time in this room," he says, a little bit of a territorial growl in his voice, "and you feel comfortable laying out a command regarding who can and cannot be here?"
"Look, it's nothing personal Grant,"
Tony says, crossing his ankle over his knee, apparently perfectly at ease as he looks up at Luca, that confident smirk still on his lips. "It's just that I'm not perfectly comfortable sharing my deepest darkest secrets with you just
vene
because you're Ariel's boyfriend."
"Ariel's boyfriend, am I?" Luca says slowly, turning to look at me with his hands on his hips. "Seems like there have been some developments in our little circle of trust on which I haven't quite been updated." I grimace a little because...I did kind of forget to tell him.
"Still, if Tony's not comfortable," Cora says, her mouth twisting a little as she gives a shrug. "I think that's decided."
I blush a little as I turn to Luca,
sending him little pulse of apology
down our bond. I'll fill you in on everything I can, I promise speaking to him mind-to-mind, sending warm affection along with my words. I'll come get you for dinner, okay? 
Luca smiles a little and then nods, accepting his defeat and pulling me in for a little hog and a kiss on the top of my cap before heading with Ben towards the door. Ben calls his goodbyes, his words a little muffled by the dumplings already shoved in his mouth, and then both disappear through our new door - which looks strange to me in the doorway. Too shiny and polished. I sigh a little, already nostalgic for the old door, sorry it had to get beaten to smithereens by my mates so they could get in. 
I plop myself down at Jackson's side, leaning my weight against him as I reach for a cookie from the table. Passively, Jackson wraps an arm around my back, his fingers hitching around my hip and tugging me closer. "So..." Tony murmurs, a little delighted, looking between Jackson and I. "This is...different..."
###Chapter 0550
Jackson and I look up at Tony at the same instant, realizing that we've made a mistake. Cora and Jesse grin, picking up on things instantly as they sit down next to each other on the armchairs.
"I thought Ariel Sinclair was mated to Luca Grant," Tony says, grinning at me and nodding to the door where he just left.
"Was that just tabloid gossip?" Tony presses, leaning forward a bit and I think enjoying himself. "Or was that kiss at the boxing match subterfuge, meant to distract the public? Or is this..." he says, tarting a finger between us, "somehow illicit?"
"Um," I say, my voice high and prim.
Jackson just growls a little, his eyes on Tony as his arm tightens around me, I think a mostly unintentional reaction to the suggestion that our connection is illegitimate.
"Oh, she's mated to Jackson too," my mom breaks in as Rafe sits up and the two of them gather around the table as well. Rafe spins to mom with his mouth open, appalled that she'd drop the secret like that, but mom just flaps a hand like she can dismiss the tension like smoke in the air. "Honestly, that drama is the least of our concerns today."
Tony raises his eyebrows at me and I just shrug as Jackson takes a rather vicious bite of his sandwich, daring Tony to doubt for a second that he's my mate. Tony's face breaks into a grin and I work hard to fight my own.
"Cool," Tony says, shrugging and apparently taking the news in stride, nodding to Jackson to let him know that they're good. Jackson's arm loosens around me, just slightly. "So...not that I mind his absence, because I think he's full of crap, but...if this is magic class, where is Alvez?"
"Jackson punched his lights out," Jesse says happily, leaning back in his chair with a clever grin, watching Tony's face go pale at his words.
"Are you serious?" Tony breathes, turning to stare at Jackson.
"Only a little," Jackson says with a shrug before taking another huge final bite of his sandwich and then reaching for another. "Then Jesse grabbed him with his shadow magic and shook the soul of the God of Darkness loose. I think that's what really took him down." Tony pales further, his mouth falling open.
"Tony, ignore them," Rafe says with a sigh, glaring between Jesse and Jackson as he likewise digs into the food. "They're each just trying to one-up each other."
"So," Tony says, looking over at Rafe now, still clearly a bit shaken. "None of that happened?"
"No, it did," Rafe says with a sigh, making Tony blanch even further. Rafe hurries into a quick explanation then for Tony's sake because of told mom and Cora
course we

everything as soon as they got here - of how Jesses' power manifested last night, and then Alvez trapped me in the room, and how they broke down the door and Jesse forced the God of Darkness out of Alvez and now Alvez is down in his room, shaken but sleeping it off after mom healed him up too. 
"Whaaat the hell," Tony breathes, looking around at all of us. "I mean, I was considering taking you guys up on your invitation to dinner but...I am no longer sure I want to join this group of friends." Mom's mouth falls open in protest that someone wouldn't want to hang out with her darlings.
"No offense, your highness," Tony says, resting back into the couch's cushions. "That just...sounds like one hell of a morning."
"It was," I sigh, thinking of the one thing that I'm keeping back from everyone, wanting to talk to mom about it in private before anyone else.
Still, Jackson looks down at me with
a frown, sensing my worry and
sending a little question to me, asking ifm all right. I snuggle closer to him, looking up into his face, nodding quickly to let him
and
know it's fine. He nods mom.
returns his attention to my mom. 
"Well, as you can imagine, Tony," my mom says, resting a half-eaten cookie in her lap and looking around at all of us evenly. "Professor Alvez is...not precisely up to teaching any longer this semester. And,
zu
considering that you have thus-far been working with a dark God who very likely was actively working against any of you learning anything real about your magical skills," she grimaces, apologizing silently for that, "clearly, we need to make some changes here." 
"Study hall?" Jesse asks eagerly. "Nap time?"
Cora smacks him on the knee, even as she laughs. He smiles back at her, making me grin too to see them.
###Chapter 0551
"Nope," my mom says, beaming around at all of us. "Cora and I are going to take over your magic class! Isn't that great!? We're going to be your new professors!" We all look around at her, our mouths open, because...
How on earth is this ever going to work?
Silence reigns in the room, even as mom beams around at all of us. After a few second, her face drops a little. "What?" she asks, looking around. "What's wrong with that?"
"Mom, how on earth are you going to do that?" Rafe asks, shaking his head at her. "You're a Queen - you can't just drop everything to come and hang out with us. I mean, dad couldn't get away from the war for even a couple of hours today - and you're proposing to what, come live here?"
"No, your father would miss me too much if I came to live here," mom says with a scowl, smacking Rafe on the arm.
"Not to mention your other two children," Cora says, dry. "Remember them? Juniper and Mark?"
"Oh, they wouldn't miss me," mom says, again waving a dismissive hand that makes me smile. "Though they do need me. No, Rafe, obviously Cora and I will just come once a week to work with you. We'll take the helicopter with Hank when he comes to work with Jackson."
"Who's Hank?" Tony asks, sitting forward with interest.
"My mom's human ex-boyfriend," Jesse whispers loudly, making me burst into a grin.
Cora gasps a little, turning to smack Jesse on the shoulder. "A very well-respected doctor who is working with Jackson on..." he hesitates now and looks between Jackson and Tony. "A side project."
"You royals just get...more interesting as the minutes pass," Tony says, grinning widely and leaning back into the couch, looking around.
Rafe narrows his eyes at Tony, suspicious. But Tony either doesn't see it or ignores it. I scowl a little, annoyed at Rafe for still suspecting Tony when I already trust him with my whole heart - something in my instincts telling me to do so. I catch my mom's eye in that moment and she smirks and gives me a little nod, letting me know she feels the same even if...
Well. Even if her own magic did have a strange reaction to his. What could that have been, anyway? Like death...
"Well, let's get started," Cora says with a sigh, leaning forward and peering around at us, the more scholarly and analytical side of my aunt coming forward, I think a bit eager to have a problem to work on.
"Wait, mom," Jesse says, putting out a hand towards her. "Obviously, I'm pumped at the idea of you coming here every week to work with us but..." he "He hesitates, looking between his mother and his aunt, "what on earth qualifies you to be our professor?" 
Cora stares at her son for a moment, eyebrow raised, clearly silently asking him if he wants to re-think that question. Jesse bursts into a grin, I think both entertained and slightly terrified of his mother in this instant.
"I think what qualifies us, nephew-mine," mom says, likewise a little miffed, "is first that both Cora and I are experienced magic users, and second...that no one else wants the job."
"What?" I ask, leaning forward, laughing a little.
"Alvez was one of like, two
applicants we got when we advertised this a few years ago," mom says, laughing. "And he was nice! At least... before he got possessed." She shrugs. "There not a lot of magic users out there, and those who are aren't precisely thrilled at the idea of moving to a remote castle to secretly teach a bunch of Alpha boys." 
"And girls, now," I say, holding up my cookie in a little toast to myself.
"And girl," mom agrees, giving me a wink and holding her own cookie up towards mine. We pretend to clink them and then laugh, taking bites. Everyone ignores us.
"Any other questions, beloved first-born?" Cora asks, turning towards Jesse.
"Yes, actually, he says with a wry smile, turning towards his mom with his arms crossed, clearly about to quiz her about her qualifications. But before he can, Cora just raises her eyebrow again, lifts her hand and snaps her fingers once. 
Instantly, a cloud appears above Jesse and dumps a great deal of rain all over him in a single gush, making him gasp and leap out of his seat as a tiny, adorable grumble of thunder rolls through the room.
###Chapter 0552
The rest of us burst into laughter as Jesse skitters like a wet cat, panting as he looks down at himself, soaked to the skin with freezing water.
"Anyone else?" Cora asks, grinning around at the group of us. We all just keep laughing, shaking our heads no, I think all kind of thrilled at the change in professors. I mean, I know that Cora and mom don't know much about the practical theory of magic - at least, as far as I know - but we do know that they care and will try their best.
"I will have my revenge on you, mother," Jesse snaps, flicking water at her with his fingers as he strides away towards the bathroom, his boots squelching ridiculously as he goes, sending the rest of us again into another collective fit of laughter. "I have shadow magic now!" Jesse calls over his shoulder. "I'll...do something with that!"
"Can't wait to see what you've got, baby," Cora calls to him, dry, as she waves over her shoulder.
Rafe sighs and heads over to Jesse's chest of drawers, clearly planning to get him a dry uniform to change into. "We're all having a very nice lunch and all," he says, dry. "But could we please try to come up with a plan? Ariel was seriously attacked by a dark god this morning," he reminds us, his voice a little frustrated. "We need to...think about what it means that he was here, this whole time, apparently lurking and learning about what the five of us can do."
We all turn back to each other then, properly chastised as Rafe carries the clean uniform to the bathroom and raps on the door, trading the clothing to Jesse for a towel with which to sop up the water on the arm chair. But to his surprise - to all of ours, really - Cora just flicks her hand and evaporates the water on the chair into another little rain cloud and then sends it whipping towards the window.
"Could you open that, Rafe?" Cora asks, her voice peaceful.
Rafe gapes at her for a second and then walks to the window, opening it and letting the little cloud zoom out. "I didn't know you could do that," he murmurs, watching the cloud go, I think as impressed as the rest of us.
"There's a lot you don't know about me and what I can do," Cora says with a happy sigh as Jesse comes back out of the bathroom, changed but with bare feet. She looks around at the rest of us with interest as my cousin and my brother settle back down in our little circle. ""Now. Let's talk about what you can do."
We go around the room then, bringing mom and Cora up to date on our magical skills and our progress. Even Jackson confesses willingly, letting Tony in on the secret of his magic that he's been keeping close to his chest all year. Then Cora and mom quiz us about every detail of what happened this morning - both about Jesse's power development as well as the appearance of the dark God. By the time we've finished turning over every detail, hours have passed. We've mostly cleared the table of its food, night is falling outside the windows, and honestly...I'm feeling myself a little ready for dinner.
And even though we're all feeling a little exhausted, Rafe looks down into his lap more frustrated than the rest of us. sigh, looking at my brother, hoping his frustration at being the only one who hasn't developed his gift yet isn't eating away at him too much. Mont puts aencouraging hand on his knee but otherwise ignores him, I think realizing that to talk about it with everyone would just embarrass him right now. 
"You guys are all so cute," my mom says, beaming around at all of us and shaking her head. "And so powerful and so rich with potential. But mostly cute."
"Aunt Ella, you're our professor now," Jesse says, comfortable again and lounging across his chair with one leg over the arm like he usually does. "It's creepy for you to call us cute."
"No it's not, I'm a Queen, it trumps professor. I can say what I want. Plus, you all really are so cute." She clasps her hands beneath her chin and sighs with happiness.
"Tony is creeped out," Jesse says, pointing at Tony. "So is Jackson."
"No, I'm not," Jackson counters immediately, even as he smirks.
"Ridiculous," mom says, wrinkling her nose at Jesse and then Tony in turn. The way Tony grins back at mom I can tell that he, like Jackson before him, is already falling under her spell. "Besides, I can't wait to work with Tony. His magic is more m akin to mine - connected to the body." 
"Yes, you take Tony and Jackson," Cora says thoughtfully, looking around the group. "I'll take Ariel and this bag of bones," she says, leaning forward to smack Jesse's foot as it hangs over the arm of his chair and making him grin. 
"What about me?" Rafe asks with a sigh, looking up between our mom and our aunt.
"We'll pass you back and forth," Cora says happily, beaming at her nephew encouragingly. "Until we figure something out to spark your gift."
###Chapter 0553
"Well, what is that going to be?" Rafe asks, casting out a frustrated hand. "Nothing's worked so far." "Actually," Cora murmurs, leaning forward and peering between us all. "I kind of...have a theory about that." "Really?" Rafe asks, eager. "Well, what is it?"
"Oh, we'll discuss tomorrow," Cora says with a sigh, standing up and stretching her hands up over her head. "I want to take the evening to compare notes with my sister and co-Professor." Mom's eyes go wide. "We were supposed to take notes?"
Cora laughs, reaching a hand out for her. "Mental notes are fine, Ella. Come on, let's go eat dinner and get some rest, check in with our husbands and let them know the heir, the spare, and the profligate duke are alive and well." "The wordplay," Tony murmurs from his spot on the couch, looking between Cora and Jesse, "makes more sense now."
"You haven't met his dad," Jackson replies, dry. I grin and press myself more completely to my mate's side as Cora crosses to mom, holding a hand out.
"Why do we have to go?" mom whines, looking around at all of her favorites. "We were having fun - we can have dinner here!" she nods eagerly, looking around at all of us. "Maybe call Daphne up? I haven't seen her in..." Mom's words fade off as Rafe looks bitterly away, as the rest of us - Tony excepted - go quiet.
"Who's Daphne?" Tony whispers to Jackson. But Jackson just quickly shakes his head no and Tony gives a little grimace.
"Ella," Cora says, raising an eyebrow and further extending her hand. "Time to leave the children alone. They have a draft to do in the morning and these two -" she points between Rafe and Jacks, "have a lot to think about."
I whip my head to Rafe, my mouth hanging open because - is that seriously tomorrow!? I groan again, angry at myself, because - as the Captain rightly pointed out - it's my job to ensure that I know these details.
Still. Would have been nice if someone had bothered to keep me up to date. I've been very busy.
"But I like them," mom says with a pout, looking sorrowfully up at Cora even as she takes her hand.
"And why you tell them that is a great mystery to me," Cora sighs, pulling mom to her feet, even as she grins. "You know you get more from them when they fear you and crave your love."
"You are a dark sorceress," mom sighs, giving Cora and little glare and then opening out her arms to us. "Hugs, all around, from the good witch in the group. And then we'll see you tomorrow."
I'm in my mom's arms first, giving her a big hug, whispering to her that I'm very glad that she's here, clinging to her a bit. Mom - she really does make everything better, and after our rather harrowing morning I have to admit that I don't really want to see her go. Still, Rafe peels me away from her after a minute, wanting his own goodbye.
I sigh, crossing my arms and looking up at Tony, who I find at my side. "Sorry if this was weird," I say, grimacing a little. "But...welcome to the group, whether you wanted it or not."
"Oh, I want it," he says quietly,
looking down at me with his
eyebrows raised. "I'm not sure I knew I did but..." he sighs, running a hand through his black hair, I think putting his thoughts together as he does. "There's something about this little magical group, isn't there? I'm at home here in a way I'm not elsewhere." He shrugs and then blushes a little, I think embarrassed to have admitted so much. 
I grin, though, delighted to have him here, and I lean closer to him, knocking into him with my shoulder. He stumbles to the side a little, laughing, and I'm quite gratified that he moved at all. Tony is lankier than the other Alphas in our group- slimmer and less muscled, though still quite tall. "We like you, Tony." 
He looks down at me with a grin. "I like you too, Ariel. And the rest of them. Although..." he frowns a bit, looking towards my brother. "Rafe, I think, is not sold on me yet."
I look around at the rest of the group
as well, noting the way that Jesse
stands close to his mom, an arm casually around her shoulder as they chat, clearly deeply connected in their own way despite her pranks and his swears of revenge. And then to Rafe and my mom, and Jackson standing with them, the devotion between all three. Happiness and pride swells through me at the sight of them all. 
"Rafe is protective," I say with a shrug as mom shifts her attention from Rafe to Jackson, standing on her toes to give him a hug as well. "Just...give him time."
"If you say so," Tony says with a sigh. But then, as mom releases Jackson and turns towards Tony, he gives me a wink and moves forward to shake my mom's hand. He laughs, though, when she swats his hand away and wraps him up in a hug as well.
###Chapter 0554
After mom, Cora, and Tony leave, I send an experimental shout down my bond to Luca telling him to come up for dinner. I mean, we're too far apart right now for us to pass emotions, but Jackson heard my wolf all the way from his room before - can Luca do the same? As I begin to clear the plates from the table and send them down in the dumbwaiter, wondering if I'll have to just go downstairs myself and grab Luca and Ben, I'm startled a bit out of my thoughts when Jackson places a gentle hand on my back. I jump a bit, nearly dropping the plates in my hand, as I snap my head up to look at him.
Jackson grins down at me. "You have to get better at paying attention to your surroundings if you're going to be an effective spy," he murmurs, though there's no real critique in his words. I grin, stepping closer to him as he starts to take the plates from my hands, wanting to help.
"How do you know that looking distracted wasn't just part of my cover? That I wanted you to think I was distracted so I could lure you in?"
"Because," he says dryly, smirking at me as we walk towards the dumbwaiter together. "I could feel your worry down the bond."
I scowl as he pulls open the tiny elevator's door and we begin to stack the dirty plates inside. "Yeah well," I sigh. "A real target wouldn't be able to feel my emotions."
"Good," Jackson growls as we finish stacking plates. "I'm selfish about those I like keeping that all to myself." I grin as Jackson pushes the dumbwaiter door shut and presses the button for the little bell that's next to the door before putting a hand on my hip, pulling me towards him as he sits down on Rafe's bed and looks seriously into my face, settling me so that I'm standing between his knees. "Seriously, Ariel? What's wrong?"
I bite my lip and shrug. "It was...just a scary morning, wasn't it?"
Jackson shakes his head, raising a hand so that his thumb brushes over my cheek. "I know it's more than that," he whispers. And I close my eyes, a whoosh of air coming from between my lips as I let myself remember it, let myself...notice it.
This new thing that's awake in me now, a darkness that curls and smirks just...just like he did. I lean a little closer to Jackson, wanting him near, and his hands are instantly there, folding neatly around my
waist, holding me steady.
"I want to tell you," I whisper, nodding. "But...I want to tell mom as well. Is that okay? If I told you both together, tomorrow?"
"Of course," he answers, moving his hands around my back and letting me fall against him, wrapping me up in a tight hug that does wonders for my fears.
I sigh, tucking my head close against
him, my forehead resting against his neck as I take a deep breath of his scent. Jackson who is just...so good to me. And so safe. The darkness is still there, but in Jackson's arms it seems to matter less.
"Of course, Ariel," Jackson murmurs, running his hand softly up and down my back. "Whatever you want, love." I nod my head against him, taking one deep breath after another. But a minute or two later, I raise my head when I hear the door creak open.
"Um," Ben calls out, peeking into the room. "Don't you guys feel like you should start...locking this? Or something?"
I grin, standing up straighter, peering towards the door with a bit of delight as I see Luca come into the room after him.
"Oh, well, if the door couldn't hold
back Jackson and Luca," Jesse
answers, dry, looking up from his spot at the center of the room where he and Rafe are breaking up what's left of the old door, "then what's the point of a lock?” Ben and Luca laugh as they come in and immediately help my brother and cousin stack the pieces of the door up by the fire, where I can use them as firewood. 
"How'd you two know when it was time to come up?" Rafe asks, peering interestedly at Luca and Ben as Jackson and I make our way over, greeting our friends.
###Chapter 0555
"Oh, I just had a little feeling, like a voice on the wind," Luca says with a happy sigh, gathering me up into his arms for a hug and beaming down at me. "That was cool, by the way. I didn't know we could talk that far."
"Well apparently we can!" I say, laughing a little, likewise pleased. Subtly, in my heart, I feel Jackson close down our connection, though not wanting me to have full access to how my increasing connection with Luca makes him feel. Still, the fact that he needed to close it
down at all...kind of tells me what I need to know.
Still, I put it aside, knowing that it's not going to do much to address it now.
"So," I say, putting my hands on my hips and looking between Luca and Ben. "How are we handling this?"
"You two," Rafe says, pointing between me and Jesse, "are filling in these two," he gestures at Luca and Ben.
"Are we?" Jesse asks, curious.
"Yes, because we two," Rafe continues, pointing now between himself and Jackson. "Need to get our strategy together for the draft."
"Right," Jackson says with a sigh, dropping his head into his hand and then dragging his palm down over the length of his face. "I can't believe...we have to do all of that. After everything that happened today."
"Life keeps moving, even if we have a weird morning," Rafe sighs, likewise shaking his head a little and looking tired.
"Weird morning," Ben says, hands on his hips. "Seriously? That's how you're categorizing it after the door got shattered and the Queen got summoned, and Rafe was all...put through a meat grinder? And...did...I mean did I see it right? Does Jesse have some kind of weird...shadow?"
"I mean, sort of," I say with a sigh, slipping a hand around Ben's waist and pulling him towards the couch. "Come on, Jesse and I will catch you up. But also," I turn towards my brother and Jackson even as they start over towards Rafe's bed, where they'll work tonight. "Can you guys make sure you put Tony on our draft team?"
"Seriously?" Rafe asks, turning to stare at me. "You want Tony? Even though we've...never worked with him?"
"We have worked with him all year, Rafe," I say, snapping my hands immediately to my waist. "Plus, he is our friend!"
"Being our friend does not mean he's a good strategic pick for the draft, Ariel," Rafe counters, frowning at me, "Besides, he's your friend- I still don't get the guy." 
"Tony is trustworthy," I counter, crossing my arms and glaring at Rafe. "What's there to get?"
"Why do you think he's so trustworthy, Ariel?" Rafe asks, taking a step towards me, glaring back. "We barely know him!"
"Oh, we know him," I say, waving a dismissive hand that makes me feel like mom. "Besides, I just know!"
"Your gut feeling aside, Ariel,"
Jackson says his arms folded over his chest as he looks warily between Rafe and me. "I'm not sure how important it's going to be to have an another ambassador on our team," he says, giving me an apologetic shrug. "Especially if we already have Ben." 
"Wait, what?" Ben asks, stepping forward to peer at Jacks.
Jackson just stands still, looking at Ben. "You're going to need to tell me what part of that was confusing."
"Um, the part where you said that Tony guy was an ambassador," he says, taking a step towards Rafe and Jacks, peering at them curiously. "He's not a warrior?"
"He is not a warrior," Luca replies, frowning at Tony now in turn. "He'd have been in our classes."
"Well, he's not an ambassador," Ben
says, giving us a shrug. "I mean, I
always thought he was a
little.... scrawny, for a warrior. But he wasn't in my class, and Ariel would have mentioned him as an espionage Cadet. Right?" 
Everyone turns to me then as my mouth falls open and I shake my head. Because he is certainly not an Espionage cadet. So...what the hell is he?
###Chapter 0556
I'm panting as Jesse follows me up the final hill of our run, keeping close on my heels and basically herding me like a sheepdog to ensure that I don't slacken my pace and fall behind.
"Jesse!" I gasp, swatting at him as he gets even closer when we reach the top of the hill, the door to the Castle only a few feet away. "Back off! The run is done!"
"Still twenty more feet, Cadet!" Jesse says, beaming at me, looking far too fresh for how exhausted I'm feeling. He jogs backwards, passing me, urging me along.
"Oh, I hate you," I sigh, still pulling my breaths in deeply as I let my pace slacken to a walk for those final twenty feet. Jesse laughs as he runs ahead to the little fountain where our water bottles are waiting, giving them a quick rinse before filling mine up and handing it to me when I join him there.
"You did good," he says, quite cheerful, the energy Jacks passed to him early this morning clearly still running fresh in his veins.
I roll my eyes, knowing that he's just being nice.
Jesse laughs. "You did!" he insists, giving me a little shove on my shoulder that just makes water slosh down my front. "Rafe and Jackson are just too hard on you and your little legs, they make you feel like you're slow. But honestly, you could outrun anyone your size any day."
"Cool," I reply, scowling at the water all down the front of my uniform now. "Good to know I can outrun mom and Cora and Juniper."
"Hey, a win is a win," Jesse says, raising his bottle to me with a wink. I sigh, a little pleased, and rest against the wall at his side as we both catch our breath and look out over the pretty winter countryside.
"Do you think the draft is done?" I ask quietly after a minute, thinking about Jackson and Rafe going off this morning even earlier than I usually get up for sniping practice. Jesse very cheerfully agreed to go along with me before our run, but only after Jacks agreed to make it worth his time by giving him the energy to do it.
"Who knows," Jesse says with a sigh, glancing at me. "I mean, we get the results at breakfast, so probably close now."
I nod, letting my mind drift a little as
I hydrate myself, wondering if they
got the picks they wanted, wondering what team I'm on.
Wondering, again, what this new dark spot in my soul is about, and if
it's going to pounce at some point. My stomach twists with
Wworry.
"You know, you're really good at the shooting," Jesse says quietly, glancing down at me like he knows something is wrong but also realizes that I don't to talk to him about it. "I didn't realize until this morning how insanely good you are." I perk up a little at the compliment. "What, did you think I've just been messing around?"
He shrugs, smirking. "I mean, I
figured you could hit the side of a barn from twenty paces. But what I saw today, Ariel?" He shakes his head, looking off into the distance a bit. "I mean, it explains why Jackson is so eager to pick you first, despite his personal obsession with you. You're going to kick ass on whatever team you're on in this Game." 
"Yeah," I say with a disgruntled little sigh, "except that it will be a paintball gun and won't have nearly the range and precision that I'm used to." The captain confirmed as much in his last message to me.
"If you have half the accuracy, baby trouble," Jesse murmurs. "You'll be fine."
"Thanks," I say, grinning up at him and giving him a nudge in the side with my elbow. We're quiet for a moment, and I consider his face, which is more serious than I'm used to. "How are you doing? After...all that happened?"
"You mean my mom announcing she's my professor and then ruining my extra-suave reputation by dumping a bathtub's worth of water on me in front of my friends?" he asks, quirking a brow at me.
I laugh but shake my head, not giving into it, letting him know that I'm not letting him wriggle out of a real answer just by making me laugh.
He sighs a little, smiling at me before dropping his eyes to the ground. "I'm freaked out, Ariel," Jesse says quietly, shaking his head. "This shadow stuff...it is not what I expected my power to be."
"The Dark God did indicate that it
was powerful, though," I say quietly
after a moment, wanting to bolster him. "And that the Goddess gave you that gift almost....maybe in particular to counter his." I shrug, wondering if that makes him feel better. 
###Chapter 0557
"Yes," he says with a sigh, "and you know me, always searching for the bigger and better responsibility. Always looking for another weight on my shoulders, like the obligation to defy the God of Darkness...just because I can." "You don't fool me, Jess," I say quietly, making him look at me. "Given the choice between something like this and something silly like...a magical gift that made you really good at puns -"
"That would have been amazing," he interrupts, his eyes narrowed.
I laugh, but just shake my head at him. "Jesse. Deep down? We all know what you would have chosen."
"Yeah, well," he sighs, slumping against the wall, "puns were never really part of my sense of humor anyway."
I lean against him then and Jesse wraps an arm around my shoulders. "You're a good guy, Jess," I say quietly. "You saved me yesterday. Even if you're not comfortable with your powers...I'm grateful for them."
"Well, if they let me save you even once, cousin," he says, pulling me a little closer. "Then I'll deal with these shadows and call it a done deal."
I smile, leaning against my favorite cousin a little more.
But Jesse just sighs, looking again out into the distance. "Did you hear what the God said, though?" he asks, his voice curious and hesitant.
"He dropped a lot of sneaky little hints," I say, derisive. "Which one are you thinking of?"
"When he said his girl found me," Jesse says, shaking his head like he's trying to see how the pieces fit together. He blinks, refocusing his eyes on me. "What the hell did he mean by that?"
"I have no idea, Jess," I say quietly, shaking my own head as we look at each other, both of us battled and disconcerted by it.
My cousin just sighs, leaning his weight on me, and I do my best to stand still and prop him up - because honestly, right now, the only thing I can offer my cousin is support. Even if I desperately wish I had some answers.
Luca, Ben, Jesse and I all sit up straight, turning towards the door to the breakfast room as we see Jackson and Rafe walk in. The room bursts into whispers, because of course the rest of the Cadets in our year know that they're two of the six captains working together in this round of Games.
But still, they're the first to come into the room - which means the draft must be over.
I almost jump out of my chair, desperate to dash over to them and get the information even faster, but Luca puts a hand on my knee.
"Be cool, Shrimp," he says, one corner of his mouth curling into a grin.
"I don't know if we've met, Luca?" I say, my eyebrows going up. "But 'cool' has never been one of the descriptors that anyone has ever applied to me."
Luca laughs, shaking his head at me a bit - but either way, his plan worked, because Jackson and Rafe settle into the two empty chairs across the table from us. Jackson shoots a little glare at Ben, who is seated on my right between us.
Ben just laughs, shaking his head. He reaches for the coffee pot, passing it to Jackson as a peace offering. "You don't get your preferred seat if you don't show up to breakfast on time," Ben says, grinning.
Jackson just narrows his eyes at
Ben before turning them to me, a warm greeting coming down our bond as well as a little whine from his wolf that he's not seated next to me - one I'm not sure he meant me to hear. I smile at Jackson, delighted, which just makes him laugh. 
Rafe looks between the two of us but then rolls his eyes.
"How'd it go?" Jesse asks eagerly, passing Rafe the basket of muffins and baked goods, looking between our two Captains.
"The draft went well enough,"
Jackson says with a shrug before looking around at everyone at the table. "We did our best, made what negotiations and offers we could. I don't think that it's likely we'll get everyone we wanted but," he shrugs again. "I don't think it will be bad." 
"Wait, so," I say, sitting up straight and peering at Jacks, not really missing the fact that Luca's hand
tightens on my knee as I give met
other mate my undivided attention. "You guys don't like...know what the teams are? It's not already decided?" 
"We make our case," Rafe says, "and then the Captain makes the final decision when Cadets are claimed by multiple teams." His eyes move around the table then. "Which all of you were, by the way." "Really?" I squeak, delighted and thrilled. "Even me?"
###Chapter 0558
"You're the only sniper, Ariel," Rafe says, dry. "And your specialization was noted on the form, which I wasn't happy about. I had hoped you would be a low-level candidate for picking as your specialization was a secret. We had to make...serious concessions to ensure that
we got you."
"So you got me?" I gasp.
"It's unlikely that we didn't," Jackson says with a sigh, crossing his arms over his chest, clearly not happy about it. "Like Rafe said, we made one hell of an offer for you."
"Awwww," I sigh, clasping my hands under my chin, looking at my brother and my mate with clear love all over my face.
"If you could...just pretend to be a boy," Ben laughs, reaching up and gently tugging on my wrists, begging me silently to drop my hands.
I laugh again, giving him a grin and slumping back in my chair in what I hope is a more manly position. The way Rafe smirks and rolls his eyes at me lets me know I've completely failed.
"Okay, so," Ben says, leaning forward, wanting more details.
But on my other side, Luca stands up, looking towards the front of the room. "Results are out," he murmurs, starting towards the desk where a Lieutenant lays a few half-sheets of paper as Cadets all over the room likewise start to stand up. "You guys stay here, I'll bring them back."
None of the rest of us move, everyone just watching tensely as Luca makes his way to the table, grabs a few sheets, and hurries back before most of the other Cadets have even made their way to the table.
"He's fast," I murmur with a frown, watching him.
"Luca's faster than most of us," Jesse murmurs. "Just be glad he doesn't come to morning run," he finishes, smirking at me and making me scowl, all of my smug joy at being on everyone's draft wish-list fading as I remember how damn slow I am.
Before we can get any further with that particular conversation, Luca comes back to the table with three sheets. I bend over the one that Ben and I share, scanning the lists.
"Oh no!" I say after a moment, my head whipping up. "You guys didn't get Ben!"
"Sorry, man," Rafe says, putting the sheet down and looking seriously at our friend. "You were our top ambassador seat, but..."
"It's cool, I was probably everyone's top ambassador seat," Ben says, pretending to be smug to hide his disappointment. "And I get it - you were prioritizing military prowess."
Rafe nods, his face betraying his clear regret at making Ben feel left out.
"I'm off too," Luca says with a sigh, and I gasp, spinning towards him.
"What!?"
He sighs as he lays the sheet out on the table in front of us, tapping his name where it's listed on...
My eyes go wide as I see the name of Luca's captains at the top of the sheet. Redman Blythe, whom I don't know, and...
"Alan Wright?" I breathe, staring first at Luca and then over at my brother and Jacks. "He's a captain!?"
"He unfortunately has a fine military mind," Rafe says with a scowl. "And has been working his ass off since his relative...disgrace. We protested it," Rafe says, gesturing between himself and Jackson while holding my gaze. "But...the Captain told us to back off." "And Luca has to take his orders!?" I gasp, looking down at the sheet again.
"Your pet Tony, too," Luca says, tapping the list again and showing me that Tony's name is on the list somewhere below his own.
"You didn't get Tony either!?" I gasp, appalled, smacking my hands down on the table as I glare across it. "Rafe!"
"Why are you not blaming Jackson for this too?" Rafe asks, putting his own hands on the table and glaring at me right back.
"Because Jackson likes Tony," I counter, narrowing my eyes even further. "You don't."
"I was my call, Ari," Jackson says, making me spin towards him. He shakes his head slowly. "We don't even know his specialization, and it was not listed. I'm not picking a guy for the team just because I like him - not when we were trying to hard to Keep Luca and Ben." 
"Which clearly backfired!"
"We got three of the highest-ranked Cadets in the warrior track, Clark," Jackson says, holding my gaze sternly, not backing down as he points over at Jesse, clearly including him in that group. "And the only sniper on the field. And to do that, we have the smallest number of Cadets on the team."
NP
I glance down at the page, seeing that he's right - that there are at least five less Cadets on our team than anyone else's. And that this was largely a concession that they made to keep me.
I scowl a little, slumping back in my chair. "Okay, I'm sorry," I say a bit through my teeth, knowing I owe them the apology even if I'm not too happy about it. "I just...wanted us all together."
"In a real war situation, we will be,
okay?" Rafe says, leaning forward
towards me, willing to make peace
I think because he knew that apology cost me a bit of pride. "But in these games, we have to see how we play with others, see if...there's anyone worth including on that eventual real-life team." 
Jackson, besides him, nods his support to Rafe's claims.
###Chapter 0559
And despite the fact that that's supposed to be comforting, I pale because...
Well, I think because I forgot, a bit, that this is all practice for real life.
And that, one day, we could be doing this for real. And the consequences...
Suddenly, I want nothing more than to pay a great deal of attention to this exercise and learn everything I can from it. And the first thing I can learn is...just a little bit of obedience to my commanders.
I mean...just a little bit.
"Okay," I say, setting my jaw and nodding as I look down at the paper. "What do we do next?"
"You go to study hall," Rafe says, turning a little towards Jackson now, "while Jackson and I have a conversation about how to strategize our team. Without those two," he smirks a bit, looking between Ben and Luca who are now, apparently, enemies. "It will be an honor to shoot you in the face with a paintball," Ben says, giving Rafe and Jacks a mock little bow and making the rest of us grin.
Luca, at my side, I can feel is not quite so happy about it. Conversation at the table continues a bit more normally as Ben and Jesse lean towards Rafe and Jackson, all four of them further reading the list and seeing where their other friends have ended up, which gives me the perfect opportunity to steal a little moment with Luca.
"Hey," I say, turning to him, pitching my voice low and reaching for my coffee, wanting some before I go to study hall with Ben. "You okay?"
"I just wish I was on the team," Luca says quietly, glancing up at Rafe and Jackson and Jesse. Guilt swells within me and I close down the bond a bit, not wanting him to feel it because...well, because Jackson has been becoming more important in our group - planning with Rafe, helping Jesse figure out his magic.
And Luca...
"No, it's not because of that," Luca says with a little smile, glancing over at me as he pushes his eggs and bacon around on his plate, apparently not as hungry as he was before.
I sigh a bit, because apparently I didn't shut down our bond fast enough.
"Then what is it?" I ask, leaning closer and giving him a little nudge with my elbow.
"I'm just...going to have a really hard time following anyone else's orders," Luca says with a shrug. "Rafe and I have been close since we were all candidates but Jackson... has been really good to me lately, hasn't he with the study stuff? Despite it all, he is my friend and all of my friends except Ben are on another team. If someone orders me to shoot one of them, even in play?" he says, raising an eyebrow at me, asking me to see the impossibility in it. "Asks me to shoot you?" 
-
Luca shakes his head and I reach for his hand under the table, taking it. "What happens if you don't?" I whisper, curious, feeling his spot stuck in the middle.
"Look, Rafe or Jacks could probably defy command and get away with it - the Captain and the other higher-ups in the Academy - your dad and uncle included - are obsessed with them. But me, with
how poorly I'm already doing? Luca shakes his head, letting me feel how impossible it is. "I have to do what I'm told tomorrow, Ariel, or I seriously risk my status here at the Academy." 
"But they said they weren't doing any further cuts," I reply, frowning at him.
"It's not about cuts anymore, it's about....whether they'd let me fight with you all in the war, once we're all sent to battle," he says quietly, squeezing my hand. "If I'm willfully defiant as well as unimpressive?" he shakes his head. "And I couldn't
stand that, Ariel. Couldn't...couldn't stand knowing you were on a
battlefield and not being at your
side." 
I stare at him, feeling it then - just how serious it is. "Then do whatever it is you have to do tomorrow," I say, squeezing his hand.
"Even if it means taking you out?" he asks, raising an eyebrow at me, working hard for a levity I know isn't in his heart.
"Oh, Luca," I say, tilting my head to the side a bit and giving him a wink. "There's no way you'd see and shoot me first. I'll see you coming a mile away."
My mate bursts into a smile and then a laugh, squeezing my hand again below the table, and as I look at his handsome face as he laughs - his perfect white teeth, those gorgeous dimples - I feel my breath stolen a little, my stomach turning over. Because heavens, he's gorgeous, isn't he? And working so hard.
God, have I forgotten that a bit in the past few weeks?
I squeeze his hand back, taking a deep breath and beaming at my mate, letting him feel my rush of warm affection down our bond. And Luca's face flushes with it, even as he pretends to play it cool because we're at breakfast.
But inwardly, despite my renewed attention to Luca...I wonder when everyone started talking so seriously about the reality of going to battle.
And just how much they're not telling me about precisely how close we are to that.
###Chapter 0560
There's a happy buzz in the magic classroom for perhaps the first time ever, with mom swinging her legs as she sits on the desk and Cora leaning against it next to her. We all turn when our final student arrives at the door.
"Hello, enemies," Tony says, laughing as he leans against the door frame, his arms crossed casually across his chest.
I laugh even as mom jumps down off the desk, laughing and moving quickly to Tony's side, taking him by the hand and pulling him into the room as she shuts the door behind him. "Tony, we really are sorry," Rafe says, looking up into his face quickly as Tony comes more completely into the room, walking for his usual desk. "We tried but..."
"It's cool," Tony says, flashing Rafe a grin and giving Jackson a nod. "I'm not taking it personally. It will just stink to have to take you all out, one by one." He flashes us a wink.
"And how would you do that?" Rafe asks, turning towards him with interest as the rest of us do the same. "Ambassadors are only sent into the Games with a six-shot handgun. You think that's going to be enough?" He raises his eyebrow, not letting Tony in on the fact that Ben has already let us in on the secret that Tony is categorically not on the Ambassador track.
"Oh, I'm sure I can make something work," Tony says, giving us an easy smile that crinkles his eyes, which clearly states - to me at least that he sees the question beneath the surface and has no intention of letting us in on his secret, whatever it is.
But still, the way Rafe continues to bristle a bit at Tony gets under my skin. Why doesn't he just believe me and mom when we tell him that Tony's all right?
"We'll make it worth your while," I say, turning my best Princess smile on Tony, attempting to communicate that I'm on his side and willing to joke around even if Rafe is not. "If you take care of Luca and manage to murder Wright within the first five minutes." "Oh yeah?" Tony asks, grinning at me.
"I'd owe you a personal favor," I say, laughing and pressing a hand to my heart, giving him a little bow. "Which, from a princess, is always worth having."
"Can I hear about what that favor might be worth if I traded it in for cash?" he asks, one eyebrow raised, making me grin.
"All right, enough of this sporty talk,"
Cora says
with a sigh, making us all turn to her as mom boosts herself
back
up
ét
On the desk and smiles at
her sister. "Let's leave all this distasteful discussion of murder aside and get to what really matters." 
"Yes, let's talk about me," mom says, flicking her hair back over her shoulder, smug. "Or," Cora says with half a sigh, sending a little glare mom's way, "developing magical skills." "Or that," mom says with a contented sigh, smiling around at all of us.
"We'll break into smaller groups in a minute," Cora says, looking around at us with interest, "but first, since Tony and Ariel have already
nted their magic to the genet
she says, "we thought
perhaps... Jesse and Jackson?
Might?" 
"
Both Jesse and Jackson go tense in their seats as we all turn our heads to look between them, to gauge their reactions.
Jackson is the first to clear his throat. "Um, well," he says, holding a hand out in front of him. "There's not much to... prove. My magic is incredibly useful, but much less visually impressive than the other three."
"I mean, we've felt it, though," I say, turning my head to look up into Jackson's face. "Me and Jesse and Rafe. Do you want to try it with the, others?" raise my eyebrows at him and Jackson just looks at me, his eyes narrowing a little, clearly not wanting to. I laugh a bit, reaching out to give him a shove on the arm. "Oh, come on, Jacks," I say, grinning at him. "It will be worth it to know if you can pass your energy to others, won't it?" 
He sighs, shaking his head at me. "Why, so I can power the entire military force of Moon Valley if necessary?" he asks.
"Or, you know," I say, giving him a happy smile and tapping a finger in the air. "Just give us all our morning jolt."
###Chapter 0561
Jackson growls a little, not very pleased at the idea, but then turns to Tony with his hand out.
"Sorry," Tony says, looking cheerfully down at Jackson's hand. "As nice as it would be to hold your hand, Jacks, what's...what's happening?"
"I can give Ariel my energy," Jackson says, bland. "Through our bond. She can pass energy to her brother and cousin through their bond."
"They...have a bond?" Tony asks, peering around Jackson curiously.
"They have since they were babies," mom says, sighing happily, I think at some memory.
"Weird," Tony says, but he lifts his own hand and smacks his palm satisfyingly into Jacksons. Then, Jackson closes his eyes as he always does and, I think, tries to pass the energy.
We all wait. Tony looks around at all of us.
Nothing happens.
"See?" Jackson says, taking his hand away from Tony after a minute and looking back at me. "It only works with you, because of our mating bond."
We try more formulations after that, seeing if Jackson can pass energy to my mom or to Cora, and then if I can pass energy to mom, Cora, or Tony as the intermediary, like how I can with Rafe and Jesse. Nothing works.
"I wonder if it would work with Luca," mom says, turning her head to the side. Jackson stiffens at the idea.
"An experiment for another time," Cora says smoothly, I think sensing that Jackson is a bit at the end of his patience with the experiments. "Now, your turn, sweetheart," she says, turning a smile on Jesse.
"To begin, I wish not to be called pet names in front of my peers," Jesse says, holding up one finger. His mom's smile just deepens as she makes no promises. "And two...do I have to?" He grimaces and I can tell, in that, that he's a bit afraid. "I think...you should, Jess," Cora says quietly. "You have to experiment with it sometime."
"It's...weird though," Jesse says, shuddering a little at the thought of it.
My heart goes out to him because honestly I love my gift - love playing with it, experimenting with it, which I do pretty much every night as I light the fire in our little room. If I had a gift I didn't like? God, but that would be difficult to deal with. "Plus," Jesse says, looking towards his roommates, "I kind of... lost control last time."
"It's okay," Jackson says, turning towards him and nodding his encouragement. "We'll help you again, if you need it. But I don't think you'll need me this time. I think
you've got this." 
"This time?" Tony asks, frowning over at Jesse. "But I thought last time your shadows came out...it happened when you were sleeping."
"So?" Jesse asks, turning to Tony, confused.
"So, Jackson helped you?" Tony asks, his nose wrinkling as he tries to put the pieces together. "Why was he there?"
We all go...a very little bit quiet as I whip my head to Tony, a scowl on my face as I glare at him.
His lips form a very careful "o" as he glances towards me and my mom, who is very studiously studying the ceiling, pretending she hasn't already put this together.
"Moving on," Cora says, far too
casually, turning her amused smile
to see
on Jesse. "Jess, if you don't want to, you don't have to. But...I'd love you try." 
one
Jesse sighs and looks up at his mom, shaking his head a bit as if wondering how he's supposed to no to
say no to that. She grins at him and he takes a deep breath before glancing again at Jackson 
Jackson gives him a deep, encouraging nod, letting Jesse know he's here.
And so Jesse closes his eyes for a second - I think imitating Jackson a bit when he passes his energy to me - and breathes in a deep breath.
And when he breathes it out?
My eyes go wide as the shadows begin to seep again from him, eager. Jesse's eyes immediately fly open as he looks down at himself, begins to breathe hard. "Calmly, baby," Cora says, her voice totally even.
Jesse looks up again, his eyes fastening on hers, and she gives him a deep, steady nod.
And so Jesse calms down, letting the shadows seep from him more completely, I think panicking a little to see them out and free but...letting them exist.
###Chapter 0562
more streamlined, flowing around him a bit as they did when he was in bed.
We all watch quietly as Jesse becomes...acclimated to himself, to his new power. And I watch with a great deal of pride as Jesse's breathing evens out, as he settles more comfortably into his chair, and as the shadows themselves become less chaotic clouds and instead "Okay," Jesse whispers, looking down and observing them as they swirl around him, faster and slower, like he's experimenting with them. "I can...do this."
"Can you shape them at all, baby?" Cora asks quietly, turning her head to the side.
"I don't know," Jesse murmurs, frowning at them, curious, ignoring or missing the pet name he previously forbade.
I sit forward, desperate to see what he can do.
"You did before," Rafe says, unable to keep the eagerness out of his voice. "You made them fish. It was...very cool."
Jesse glances up at Rafe for a second, a smile on his lips, before he glances down at the shadows again. I gasp as they immediately begin to take shape - fish again in streams. We all lean forward, I think delighted at this change, and then I can tell when Jesse gains confidence, becomes more experimental, changing the shape of the fish and making them chase each other in little schools.
My eyes go wide when some of the shadows begin to clump together behind him, taking the form of a shark and then dashing out, scaring some of the minnows away. But the way Jesse laughs when it happens lets me know that it was all in his control - that he's playing, enjoying seeing what he can do.
And so a little laugh bursts from me as I clap my hands together, beaming at my cousin, delighted.
He glances up at me and then at everyone else, as we all begin to murmur encouragement. And then Jesse's laughing and his shadows change form again, this time gathering into two small cats at his side that begin to walk slowly around him, their dark smokey tails brushing warm against his side.
And then, as we watch, Jesse exhales deeply and begins to call the shadows back into himself, apparently finished with his experiment for the day. The cats fade into vague streaks of darkness before that darkness rushes through the air, to Jesse's palms, and then slowly back into himself.
"Holy shit," Jesse whispers, and then he looks up at all of us, grinning like it's the coolest thing he's ever seen.
"I'm so proud of you, baby," Cora says, her voice choked. I look in surprise when Cora dashes across the room towards her eldest son who quickly stands and wraps her up in a hug as his mom tucks her face against his chest, showing far
more emotion than she usually
does. 
I grin at both of them before looking up at mom who is, unsurprisingly, crying, one hand pressed to her heart.
"Mom," Jesse murmurs, laughing and stroking her back even as he blushes. "Come on, not in front of my friends."
Cora just laughs and pulls away, wiping at her own eyes a bit. "I'm just really proud of you, kid," she sighs. "Look at you, growing up, all magical with your shadow cats."
"Shadow panthers," Jesse corrects, still blushing a bit as Cora steps away. "Just...little ones. For now."
"This is definitely a different class," Tony murmurs, smiling around at us. And I can't help it - I smile back at him, because it definitely feels like things are getting better around here.
"I had very little control too, in the
beginning," Cora says, looking Jesse in the eye for a moment but then addressing us all. "Storms and weather events just...happened in occurrence with my emotions." 
"One very particular emotion," mom says, turning to grin at Cora a little wickedly, "if I remember correctly."
"We're done talking about that," Cora says, her sentimentality wiped from her in a moment as she points a finger at my mom, who just laughs.
"Oh, ew," Jesse sighs, falling back into his chair and putting his head in his hands.
"The point is," Cora says, walking back to the desk with her head held high, "that you're already showing an incredible amount of control, Jesse, and that with more practice...it will be very interesting to see what you can do." 
###Chapter 0563
"Yeah, I'm kind of jealous," Tony says with a nod. "I can do one thing and...it's sort of done. No developments for me." "Well, we don't know that," Cora says to Tony with a small smile. "What Alvez said to you before was right - we should experiment." Tony considers it for a moment and then shrugs, nodding to her, letting her know that he's game.
"But what do we do about what the God of Darkness said?" Jesse says, drawing all eyes back to him. Others stare at him in confusion, not knowing what he means, but my stomach twists a little, remembering what Jesse said this morning. "About..." he hesitates, looking around for a moment before deciding to press forward. "About his girl finding me, or whatever. Sort of... implying it had something to do with this?" "Well," Cora says, looking over at mom with some hesitance. "We have...sort of a hypothesis about that."
"We do?" Rafe says, leaning forward towards them, quite interested now.
"We talked about it last night," mom says, sighing and folding her legs up beneath her so that she's just perched casually on the desk and looking around at the five of us. "And, I don't think it applies to Jackson and Tony, but in our family at least...I think the magic starts to come when you meet your mate. I mean, in my case it was a little different," she shrugs, "because...I didn't know I was a wolf and then my mother gave me the gift as a literal gift. But all of that started when I finally met Dominic."
"Whoa," I say, my eyes going wide as I realize that... the same is true for me.
"And my gift only really manifested in Roger's presence," Cora says quietly, "after I had accepted the bond between us. Even if I, too, also did not yet know I'm half wolf."
We all stare at them in a bit of shock.
"Wait, no," Jesse says, leaning forward, tension in every single muscle. "No, this does not work - because I have not met my mate."
"I know, kid," Cora says, nodding to
him quietly as Jesse stares at her "But the way the God of Darkness phrased that...what if you have, and you just haven't realized it? 
"What are you talking about," Jesse says, speaking very quickly, his shadows starting to seep from him again as he starts to get freaked out. "The way that Ariel talks about it, I'd have known - I'd have recognized her instantly!" 
"True," Cora says, her eyes sad, holding a hand out to him. "But what if...you haven't met her yet? But...she's met you?"
Jesse's mouth drops open, shadows
spilling from for a second before
he notices and snaps his mouth shut, leaking back in his chair and staring off into space for a long, long moment, his shadows eddying around him in an anxious circle. 
"Jesse," my mom says, hesitating and then starting to get off the desk, clearly wanting to go to him.
"No, no," Jesse says, holding a hand up towards her, even as he continues to stare into space. "I need a minute, please."
Mom hesitates again but then turns back to the rest of us.
"I mean, like you said, it doesn't work for us," Jackson says pointing between Tony and himself. "I mean...unless I have another mate? And I met her when I was younger?"
My eyes go wide as I stare at Jackson, absolutely horrified by the idea, my mind flashing - instantly, of course - to Tasha, the girl he...
But I clench my teeth, forcing the thought from my mind, hating it. Hating all of it. Livid, and jealous, and horrified again.
Quite suddenly my body gets very, very hot - the energy focus on my hands, pressed to the desk in front of me.
###Chapter 0564
"Ariel," Jackson breathes, turning towards me with his eyes wide. "It's hypothetical - I don't think I never -"
My body's temperature begins to increase exponentially as I just stare at my mate, my wolf whimpering and snarling in me at turns as I turn the idea over in my mind, unable to turn away from it. Jackson - with another mate. Jackson - another girl - who he met when he was younger - someone else - me having to share him, to watch him look at another girl the way he looks at me -
"You need to calm down," Jackson whispers, his eyes flicking to my hands pressed against my desks. He leans forward, taking my face in his hands, staring deep into my eyes. "Calm down, Ariel. Seriously."
But his touch-something in me grabs onto his power. And quite suddenly, the table beneath my hands gets very, very hot.
"Shit, shit," Rafe shouts, jumping to his feet and leaping for Jackson, intending to push him away from me -
But it's too late - I gasp as the desk beneath my hands begins to superheat, smoke starting beneath my palms. I panic, but it only makes it worse, and Jackson shouts as he jumps to his feet, dropping his hands from my face. Even with him gone, I suddenly feel my power moving without my intent-flowing into the wood, following my wild emotions' order to burn without any way for me to stop it, to pull it back.
"Ari!" Tony gasps, jumping out of his own chair and reaching for me. Jackson turns to knock him away, growling, protective - but Tony ducks under his arm, reaching for me, his hand coming to lay flat against the back of my neck.
Instantly, coolness floods me - as it did before, so many months ago, when we worked together in class.
The desk beneath me still smokes but instantly I feel coolness like snowmelt flood my body, my veins. And I welcome it - welcome Tony's magic, whipping my head up to stare at him in shock.
"Water and fire," he whispers, holding my gaze, giving me a little smile as he glances at my hands and sees that I can move them away now, that they're not nearly as hot as they were. "See? We're friends for a reason."
I start to take deep breaths, taking my shaking hand away from the desk, not surprised at all but certainly appalled to see my handprints clearly branded into the surface there.
Wide-eyed but in control, I look around to see everyone staring at me with similar expressions on their faces.
"I'm sorry," Jackson whispers, reaching for me again but then hesitating, not wanting to start me off again.
"I think we have learned," Jesse says quietly, "to never, ever mention the idea of Jackson having another mate to Ariel, ever again."
I spin my head to glare at my cousin, my eyes flashing as my emotions flare, my palms again growing hot.
Jesse's eyes go wider and he puts his hands up in apology. "Apparently," he says quietly, "not even in jest."
Tony, his hand still wrapped lightly around the back of my neck, quietly lets me feel more of his magic and coolness again floods me.
I take a few deep breaths and then turn to Tony, nodding to him, letting him know that I'm okay. And then I reach out my hand for Jackson, whose wolf is howling, horribly sad for upsetting me so much and wanting very much to be told that it's okay.
"Are your hands okay," Jackson asks, his voice shaking as he kneels in front of me and reaches for my hand, turning it over. But I already know what we will find, because there's absolutely no pain. When he turns my hand over in his we both see that my palm is totally fine not a scorch on it.
Because of course not - I'm a tiny fire goddess. Of course I'm immune to the burns.
I exhale slowly, closing my eyes, wondering how the hell we didn't realize this before.
Jackson clasps my hand in his, horribly relieved, and I take a
moment to reassure him down the
bond that it's okay - letting him feel that I'm all right, apologizing in turn for freaking out so much. He murmurs quietly back to me down the bond, saying the same things, both of us feeling incredibly guilty and honestly neither of us feeling much better about it. 
"We need to talk about this," Rafe says, his voice harsh, pulling me out of my moment with Jackson as we all turn to him. I see him looking at me, worried, before he returns his eyes to mom and Cora. "I get this theory about Jesse...maybe meeting his mate," he says, his voice snapping. "But things are very different now - Ariel burning things just because she gets upset? She's always upset!" 
My mouth falls open a little at this, annoyed, but he ignores me and moves on.
"And Tony being able to seriously affect her magic with his touch?" Rafe says. "And even Jesse like... being able to do that with his shadows after like, a day?" He casts a hand out towards our cousin, "it took Ariel months to do anything except melt some glass - and Jackson now can just....give me and Jesse energy through Ariel!? I honestly don't think it was just coincidence that we just happened to figure all this out now. Maybe some of it, but not all of it. What - what is happening?" 
###Chapter 0565
"We talked about this too," mom says, still looking at me anxiously and clearly wanting to check that I'm all right even as she responds to Rafe. I do my best to give her a steady nod, still holding Jackson's hand tight in mine. "We think that...the God of Darkness, in possessing Alvez's body, was...putting a dampener on most of your magics," she says. "Halting your development, rather than encouraging it." "Oh," I say, the word popping out of my mouth in my surprise.
Rafe's eyes go wide as he too stares at our mother and our aunt, realizing how much sense that makes.
"We think that...Jesse developing his powers was the thing that broke his control because Jesse...could probably sense him within Alvez, or his powers actively negate his," Cora says, looking over at her son a little sadly. "We don't know for sure - but we think that's why the dark God attacked when he did - because it was the last moment that he still had the element of surprise. But that also, his dampener on you and Jesse before Jesse's power developed was why you couldn't sense him being creepy with Ariel. He was affecting people's magic, we just don't know the full extent of how."
"But then why could Jacks and I sense him being creepy?" Tony asks, interested, leaning forward.
Rafe groans, putting his head in his hand, I think realizing that there are even more questions that need to be answered and frustrated that we're not even getting answers as the questions pile up.
"Baby," my mom says, moving quickly down from the desk and moving towards him.
"No, mom!" Rafe says, dropping his hands and lifting his face to glare at her. "Why are we just finding this stuff out now! If you and Cora figured out apparently forever ago that your magic is triggered by meeting your mate, why wouldn't you have told us that a long time ago!?" Mom bites her lip, clearly feeling guilty and, not having an answer, she glances back at Cora, who likewise just looks at Rafe with apology in her eyes.
"I'm sorry, Rafe," Cora says quietly. "We...wanted you to live as normally as possible, to develop your magic as it came. We never meant to mislead you."
"Well, we need answers now," Rafe snaps, angry. As I watch him, I have to admit that a little anger coils in me too. Because, I mean, is this honestly how it's going to be now with Alvez gone? That my power is newly volatile without the God of Darkness to act as a dampener?
"I agree," I say, looking at my mom perhaps with less anger than Rafe but certainly with as much need. "I...I need to know."
I glance at Jackson, because half of
my need is about wanting to know the extent of my power, but I'm also likewise desperate to know the
source of his powers. Because ne
mean, if he has another mate out
there that he met as a child
I'm sorry, I know it's hypocritical, but I'm going to lose my mind. The idea of sharing him with another girl...makes me want to tear her to absolute pieces.
"Okay," Cora says, holding our her hands towards us apologetically. "If you want answers why don't we just...ask?"
"Ask...who?" Jesse breathes, baffled.
"The Goddess," Cora says, giving a little half shrug as if it's the easiest thing in the world.
Suddenly I go pale as I remember something my dad said.
That for Cora... it might just be that easy.
"The Goddess," Rafe snaps. "You
just want us to...ask the Goddest
He laughs a little like it's some bad joke he can't believe Cora would
make at a time like this.
But then, as we all stare at my mom and Cora and their serious faces don't break...I realize that what my dad told us is absolutely true.
"If you want to speak with the
goddess, Cora says quietly, looking at all of us. "I can...call on her. But," she hesitates now, grimacing a little. "I think we all need to...calm down a bit first." 
"What is...what is seriously happening right now," Tony says, and I glance up at him, realizing that he's still standing close behind me.
"Seats, children," mom says quietly, gesturing Tony towards his chair. "And deep breaths, okay? If you want answers...we'll get you answers."
###Chapter 0566
"Okay, so, ground rules are clear?" mom says, arms crossed, looking around at us. Fifteen minutes have passed and while we're all equally freaked out, we're much calmer and more ready to...call upon a Goddess, apparently. Quietly, we all just nod, staring at mom, I think all kind of wondering if this is some elaborate prank.
"All right then," Cora says, exhaling a deep breath. "Ariel and Jesse, why don't you two...go ahead."
Jesse and I give each other a glance and then, as we decided a few minutes ago, quietly concentrate, doing as Cora instructed us and calling upon the Goddess in our hearts in our minds, through our magics, mostly...because we want to know if we can. About a minute passes and nothing happens. I look up at Cora, a little disbelieving now, and sigh.
"Okay," she says, shaking her head. "My hypothesis was correct - you two... for some reason, can't call on her yet."
"Well, what reason could that be?" Mom asks, curious, turning to Cora as if she wants to speculate on it.
"Mom," Rafe says, sighing deeply, "please, can we not add any side quests right now? And just do this?" I press my lips together as I look over at my brother, because he seems like he's the most stressed of all of us. Cora looks away from mom and nods, apologetic, when she sees Rafe's expression.
"All right, sugar," she says quietly, using an old pet name we haven't heard in years. Then Cora exhales deeply and shuts her eyes for a moment, clearly...doing the thing.
I frown at my aunt, wondering if she's over-estimated her abilities because...I mean, I don't notice any changes. I glance at Jackson, who peeks at me at the same moment, but we both shrug and look back at Cora. When she opens her eyes and smiles I frown at her in confusion because...honestly I can't figure out why.
Until she turns to the right, her smile growing. "Hey, mom."
I nearly leap out of my skin as I follow the direction of Cora's gaze and see a woman standing there - an incredibly beautiful woman, half transparent like a ghost, her form lit up in glittering silver light. I grip the sides of my desk, leaning forward to stare at her in awe. "Is she here?" mom asks, likewise leaning forward eagerly, touching Cora's arm. "Can you see her?"
"Hello, daughter," the Goddess says, stepping forward towards Cora and taking her face in her hands. Cora melts a little at the Goddess's touch, like it's the softest, most wonderful thing she's ever felt.
Still gaping, probably ghostly pale myself, I look back at my mom, who flicks her eyes to me and then laughs when she sees my face.
"Oh, can you see her too?" Mom says, perking up.
I just turn my eyes back to the goddess, completely shocked.
"Oh...oh my god..." mom breathes, looking around the room. "Can you all see her?"
The Goddess laughs a little, looking around at all of us. "Yes, they can all see me," she says with a happy sigh "Though these two," she says, narrowing her eyes a bit like she's entertained, flicking a finger, between Jackson and Tony. "Are not mine." 
Cora turns to mom and tells her what the Goddess said, acting as a kind of translator as she's done before because - apparently - mom burned up her bond with the
Goddess once in a desperate plea to save Rafe when he was just a baby. 
As Cora does that, I take a moment to look around the room, to see everyone else as shocked and gaping as I am.
Cora looks at us too and her mouth twists in disappointment when she sees all of our reactions. "You know, I prepped you for this," she says, frowning. "The least you could do is stop gaping at her like a school of fish."
As one, we all slowly close our mouths, and the Goddess laughs at us alongside her two daughters. I blink at her, still awed, because...it's the Goddess. Laughing at us.
"Well?" the Goddess says, perching
her hand on her hip and looking around at us impatiently looking so much like my mom in this moment that makes my mouth fall open again. "You know I don't like
having my limitless cosmic time
wasted. So? Did you call me here for
a reason?" 
"They have questions, mom," Cora says with a sigh, still looking at us with disappointment. "If any of them can get a word out, that is."
"Mom," Tony whispers, still awed. "She...called the Goddess...mom."
Something about that - the stark way that Tony said that - shakes something loose in me and I look at him with a little grin on my lips. I open my mouth to speak, but Rafe beats me to it.
###Chapter 0567
"Sorry," he says, I think working hard to be polite and not knowing precisely what level to strike. "But, um...what did you mean when you said that?" He points now towards Tony and Jackson. "When you said they...weren't yours?"
"Oh, look at you, little godling," the Goddess says, moving across the room towards Rafe so fast that I don't know precisely how she got there. Did she...flutter? Or float? Still, the unearthly way she did sends shivers down my spine. But quite suddenly she's standing before Rafe, cupping his face in her hands. "So handsome," the Goddess says, glancing over her shoulder at our mom with her eyes crinkling up with joy to see him, "and so like his father."
Rafe just gapes up at our grandmother, I think forgetting his question.
"Yes, he's good looking," Cora says, after translating for mom who of course - looks quite proud of Rafe and pleased that the Goddess recognizes it too. "But if you could get to his question, mom?"
"Oh," the Goddess says, dropping Rafe's face and giving a tinkling little laugh. "Those two," she says, gesturing again towards Tony and Jackson. "I didn't give them their gifts. No, I'd remember that."
She takes a step closer to Jackson, who I don't think has blinked once since the moment she arrived. To my shock, the Goddess seems to...sniff the air above him. Then she moves to Tony in the blink of an eye and does the same.
"They have the smell of my ex-husband about them," she says, narrowing her eyes a bit, perching her hands on her hips. "But not...quite strong enough to suggest that the gifts came from Ole Darkie himself..." she considers for a moment, her lips pursed as my eyes go wide to hear her nickname for the God of Darkness.
Then the Goddess turns her head to the side and turns back to Rafe. "Probably one of his children gave these two their gifts? So, undesirable provenance but," she shrugs, grinning between them and wrinkling her nose, "still useful gifts. And also," her smile deepens as she looks between Tony and Jacks, "you're both very handsome, which is more important."
My mouth drops open a bit further as the Goddess calls my mate handsome, but my expression changes - my face bursting into a desperate grin - when I see that Jackson is blushing.
"The God of Darkness's...children..." Cora says, speaking slowly, trying to put the pieces together, her arms still crossed. "But not your children?"
"Oh god, no," the Goddess says, waving a dismissive hand and looking around at the rest of us with clear pleasure. "Not those brats. One of his many affairs, which is why I dumped him in the end."
I just stare at the beautiful Goddess before us, shocked because, I mean...I didn't expect her to be so...casual. So chatty.
But...I guess our moms had to get it from somewhere.
"And you!" the Goddess says, suddenly turning towards Jesse, quickly crossing to him and making his eyes go wide.
"What's happening?" mom whispers to Cora, who fills her in as the Goddess takes Jesse's face in her hands next, beaming down at him.
"Is that why we can see her?" Tony asks, leaning forward towards Jackson. "Because...another God gave us our magics?
Jackson just shakes his head, either not knowing or not willing to respond as he keeps his eyes on the Goddess, nearly unblinking.
"My treasure!" the Goddess says,
leaning close to her second
grandson and wrinkling her nose at him. "You are very special to me," she says, laughing, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to his forehead. "I crafted you as my special protector which..." she peers closer to him and then laughs alittle, "yes, which you've discovered, haven't you?" 
"Y-yes," Jesse sputters out, still staring at her.
"Well, it's a good gift," she says, quite cheerful, straightening up again and patting his cheek. "And a flashy one which I think suits your personality. Enjoy it." The Goddess looks around now, apparently done with him.
swn w
"Wait," Jesse says, leaning forward, trying to catch at her glowing skirts with the tips of his fingers, but they just pass through his hand, insubstantial. The Goddess turns
back to Jesse with interest. "Did -
do you -" 
My eyebrows go up as I see Jesse searching for words, because he's usually the most eloquent of us. He gulps hard and then tries again as the Goddess nods to him, encouraging. "Did I...need to find my mate?" he asks, a little desperate. "To make my magic develop like that?"
###Chapter 0568
until your mate comes along to spark them - that's why I gave you the mates. But also," she laughs again as she shrugs, "for fun."
"What do you mean?" the Goddess asks, grinning at Jesse, clearly a little entertained and looking around the room as if she's going to see Jesse's mate hiding in a corner or something. "Of course you've met your mate - that's how it works! My magical gifts can't develop A little pulse of shock goes through me as the Goddess admits this - both that Jesse has a mate and that, somehow, he's met her. And the confirmation that magic develops once you've met your mate...god, but that's important news.
Down our bond, I feel Jackson go still - anxiety turning in him as he wonders why his magic developed so soon before he met me.
"I - I'm sorry, Goddess," Jesse says, pressing his hand to his heart. "But my wolf and I - we have not found our mate. How can I have accessed my magic?"
The Goddess frowns, humming deeply and reaching for Jesse again, pressing her hand to his forehead and concentrating this time. Then she sighs, putting her hands on her hips.
"Well, that's odd - you truly have no memories of meeting her," she says, clearly frustrated. "But...if you have your magic, then you have met your mate. Or," she shrugs, "she has met you. The spark is biological - if your body came close to hers - if you smelled or sensed her, even if you were, perhaps, unconscious? It would have been enough."
The Goddess shrugs like it could be anything and turns away from my cousin, even as Jesse's eyes go wide because...well, it's a very creepy thought, isn't it?
Still, there's no time to rest on it as the Goddess turns to me at last, her face breaking into her most beautiful smile. "And there she is," the Goddess says with a happy sigh, flitting to me next and likewise taking my face in her palms. "My little granddaughter," she laughs her tinkling laugh that sounds like bells and joy and moonlight, looking over her shoulder at Cora and mom as she wrinkles her nose. "Looks like me, doesn't she?"
"Yes," Cora says with a happy little smile. "Yes, she certainly does."
I just stare up at the Goddess in disbelief because...there's no way. There's no way I can look at all like someone who is that beautiful.
"And what do you think?" the Goddess says, turning back to me and laughing again as she leans towards me, conspiratorial, nodding sideways towards Jackson. "Do you like my choices?"
I glance towards Jackson, who still just stares between the Goddess and I in awe.
"Yes," I say, laughing a little too as I turn my eyes to Jacks, whom I love so incredibly much. I raise my hand to cover hers as it presses to my cheek. "Yes, I like him very much. Thank you."
"Good," she says with a happy sigh, straightening up. "You know, your gift is particularly complicated, my girl, and without -"
But then she stops talking mid-sentence and frowns at me, leaning forward to peer very closely at my neck. I breathe in sharply as something flares at the Goddess's eyes as she suddenly turns her glare on Jackson.
As she does, everyone in the room - everything - goes completely still.
My heart starts to pound as the Goddess turns her gaze on me once again. "And where, granddaughter," she says, leaning down towards me to glare directly into my eyes, "are your marks?"
My heart starts to pound and I again grip my desk, not knowing what to say. She blinks once and exhales slowly, clearly growing impatient.
"I-I'm sorry!" I sputter out. "I didn't know - they haven't given them to me yet?"
The Goddess's eyes flare, suddenly filled with the fire that I recognize as part of my gift. "Do you think that this is a joke, granddaughter? That I have given you these mates for your pleasure alone? Why haven't they given you their marks!?" 
My chin trembles a bit because I know, already, that she's not going to like my answer.
"They...they want me to choose between them," I whisper, still staring up at her star-filled form, her gorgeous face. "They want to wait to give me their marks until...I decide which one of them to keep."
A growl grows in the Goddess's chest as she turns her head to glare at Jackson, who sits frozen in time next to me. As she crosses her arms over her chest, I begin to pant with anxiety.
"Jealous fools," the Goddess growls,
her eyes flaring again as she straightens. "Receiving the greatest gift directly from my hands and turning their nose up at it like that? Do they think that it is wise to reject my generosity?" 
"Please!" I beg, shaking my head vehemently. "They - they didn't mean it like that!" I press my hands to my chest directly over my heart, sensing that this is going very, very poorly and that it is all my fault.
The Goddess turns her eyes back to
me and her expression softens, just
a little. In a flash she is closer to me, bending forward, her face very close to my own. My breath stills in chest to see her so close-to see... the infinity within her, the
may
endlessness, the power. Content power.
###Chapter 0569
"It is clear, little daughter, that you and your mates do not understand. So I will say this once to ensure that I am perfectly clear: I did not give you these mates simply because it pleased me to grace you with abundance. I did it because it was necessary to your gift - and
because your gift is necessary to this world. Far, far more than you currently realize."
She stares into my eyes, willing me to understand, and fear creeps into my soul.
"Why...why me?" I whisper, shaking my head. "Why give me this gift?"
"Because you please me," she murmurs, reaching out and cupping my chin in her hand. I can feel her fingers like frost or morning dew against my skin as she slowly tilts my face from side to side, looking at all of its angles. "And because I saw it from the moment you were conceived that the shape of your soul - your courage, your spirit, your slight tendency for recklessness," she smirks here, "was the right match for this gift. Little fireheart." She whispers the last few words and then releases my face, moving further away, just slightly. I marvel, for a moment, that this woman - a Goddess, my grandmother - could have seen so much in me.
"Do not let the petty jealousies of those boys control your destiny, daughter," she continues, straightening and folding her arms over her chest. "I gave them to you, and you are owed their marks as part of your birthright. You must claim them." "Why?" I whisper, shaking my head, not understanding. She raises an eyebrow at the temerity of my question, but I put my hands out to her, placating and pleading at once. "Please, I'm not questioning you, I just don't understand - why do I need their marks with such urgency? Why can't we wait?"
"Because," she says, the fire in her eyes fading a bit, "your gifts will not fully develop until you have them. And many depend on the development of those gifts - all of us. It is not a small fate to which I have tied you, Ariel." Something twists in me to hear the Goddess say my name and my eyes fill with tears. "You must rise to meet it. Demand from your mates what they owe you - and if they do not give it," she shrugs and looks aside, her mouth tightening, "then...I will have to replace them with mates who will."
My eyes flare wide as I leap from my spot at the desk, my chair skittering out behind me as I do, clattering to the ground. "What!?"
"I am not kidding, granddaughter," she says, turning that fiery gaze upon me. "You will receive the marks or I will take my grace from these men and find you new mates deserving of you. It is your right and it is important!"
"But!" I sputter, glancing down at Jackson, horrified. "I can't just - just - demand that they do it tonight! I -"
"Why not?" she asks, raising an eyebrow at me.
That eyebrow, that simple.
command, kindles something in me, and my own fire lights in my soul to match her own. "Please," I say, a bit through my teeth, shaking my head and willing her to hear me, "I am listening to everything you say - but marks should not be demanded! They should be freely given an act of love, of connection! I will..." I hesitate here, trying to figure out what to say and how to say it how to say it. I exhale slowly, trying to think of how to find a middle ground between what the Goddess wants and what my mates have demanded. "I will communicate to them that they have to give me their marks. But I need...time." 
"How much time?" the Goddess asks, considering me closely.
"How much time can you give me?" I inhale sharply, hoping to hell she says more than just a week. Because how - how could I do that?
She inhales slowly, tilting her head to
the side. "Three months,
granddaughter," the Goddess says, her voice cool and smooth. "A quarter of a year - one season - and then..she takes a step closer to me, focking her eyes with mine, making me hear her, "if you do not have their marks, I will reject these for you and find you more willing mates." 
"Okay," I whisper, nodding once, holding her gaze. "Three months...I can do."
"Good," the Goddess says, a smile breaking onto her face, her voice again perky and cheerful. She raises a hand and somehow, instinctually, I know that she's about to restart time - to bring us back into the conversation with the rest of my family and friends. 
"Wait!" I call, desperate.
The Goddess turns back to me with a smile, almost entertained. "Yes?"
"Um," I look down at Jackson now, my hand drifting towards him, wanting desperately to touch him. "Does he...does he have another mate? Did she...spark his gift, make it start?" And then I look slowly back up at the Goddess, terrified at her answer.
###Chapter 0570
The Goddess beams at my question. "You really like this one, don't you?" She nods her head to the side to indicate Jackson, still frozen next to me.
I raise my chin, my teeth clenched, not bothering to answer. Because I'm sure she can see it, read it in every line of me - that Jackson is the most precious thing in my life right now. And that if she takes him from me and gives him to another mate? There's going to be hell to pay.
I mean, I have no idea how I would wreak vengeance on a Goddess but...I would figure it out.
The Goddess laughs, light and tinkly, and again comes close, wrapping me up in her arms. "No, my flame," she says, enveloping me in her grace, allowing it to flood and comfort me. "You are his only mate - I am not so generous with my gifts as you might think me. I don't know what sparked his magic - probably puberty, or something like that. All of your mates are only mated to you. They are my gift! Enjoy them."
When she pulls away I wipe briskly at my face with my wrist, wiping away the fast tears of relief that sprung to my eyes.
"Okay," I say, nodding and sniffing, looking down at my feet. "Th...thank you."
"Oh, I do like you, little girl," the Goddess says with a graceful sigh, drawing my eyes back to her face. "You are living up to your promise. Now. Get those marks." She points a willowy finger at me and gives me - of all things - a cheeky wink.
But there's no time to consider my shock as time snaps back into place, everyone jumping a bit and looking around in confusion. I grimace a little, seeing what everyone else sees - that the Goddess is in a different place than she was what they perceive as half a second ago and that I'm suddenly standing with my chair knocked over.
"Ariel," Jackson gasps, reaching for me, a hand going around my wrist. "What - are you -"
"I'm fine!" I say, my voice still a little choked as I fold my hand into his and give it a squeeze before turning towards my chair, picking it up and settling a little awkwardly into it, trapped as I am under six wondering stares. "Um. No need to...look at me...everything is normal. Nothing happened just...lost my chair for a second."
Everyone continues to stare at me, no one believing my blatant lie.
"So, are we done here?" the Goddess asks, smiling beatifically around at everyone.
"Mom, we like...just got started," Cora says, pulling her gaze from me and turning towards her mother with a frown.
"Oh, nonsense, there are no more questions," the Goddess says, waving a dismissive hand. "Everything is perfectly clear and I have business to which I must attend." To my shock, her form begins to fade in the air.
"Wait!" Rafe calls, getting to his feet quite suddenly, his own chair skittering back - though perhaps not as dramatically as mine.
We all turn to him, the Goddess's light brightening, her form becoming more vivid.
"Please," Rafe says, his eyes fixed on the Goddess. "When...when will I meet my mate?" My heart twists when I see my brother's shoulders shaking with emotion, see how badly he wants that connection. A sly smile takes the Goddess's lips as she considers him. 
"Are you questioning the wisdom of my timeline, little grandson?" she asks, curious and playful.
"No," Rafe says immediately, but then he sighs, looking down at his desk. "I just want to access my magic - I want to help, the way Ariel and Jesse can."
"You will have patience," the Goddess says gently, her fondness for her first-born grandchild clear in her voice. "Your mate will come along and make you the craftsman you were meant to be, have no fear."
Rafe frowns at her words, looking up into her face, more confused now than he was when we began.
"But..." the Goddess looks away for a moment, her eyes going somehow deeper as she stares across space...maybe across time. Then she blinks and looks again towards Rafe. "You do not have long to wait." "And I...have not already met her?" Rafe ventures, his voice breathless.
The goddess shakes her head,
aveer
smiling deeper now. "If what you're secretly asking, child," the Goddess says, a soft smile coming to her lips, "is if the seamstress is somehow for you..." Slowly, as if aware that her answer gives great pain, the Goddess shakes her head. "You need a mate who challenges, not comforts, my little Rafe-wolf. Much rests on your shoulders - you will have the love that you need, if not perhaps the love you currently want." 
-
Rafe hangs his head, his eyelids dropping shut, and we all sit very quietly as we witness his grief.
"All right," the Goddess says, looking around the room at all of us. "I think that is sufficient. Unless..." she pauses when her eyes land on Tony. "You have not asked a question or received new information. Is there anything you want to know?" 
###Chapter 0571
"Nope," Tony says instantly, staring at her warily, holding his hands up as if to protest his innocence. "I'm...good."
The Goddess laughs then, the sound somewhere between the tinkling of bells and the soft shush of ocean waves. "My boy likes a mystery, then."
"Your boy?" Tony asks, shocked. "But I thought you said my magic -"
But the Goddess just laughs again, wrinkling her nose at him like she thinks he's cute, and begins to fade.
And quite suddenly, as if she was never here...
The Goddess is gone.
Silence rings between us for a long, long moment, each of us processing our wonder and our fear, all of the information we got that will, I'm sure, be keeping us each up at night wondering how to deal with this.
"Well, that was sufficiently stressful," Tony murmurs, crossing his arms and staring down at his desk as he tries to make sense out of the Goddess's cryptic words.
"What happened?" mom whispers, turning towards Cora even as she moves to Rafe, who hasn't looked up from his own desk. Mom wraps her arms around Rafe's shoulders and he rests his head against her, eyes shut. "What did she say?" Jesse and Cora move to mom and Rafe, filling her in, while I turn to Jacks.
But he's already there at the side of my desk, reaching for me. A desperate little groan breaks from me as I reach for him, wanting him close. I stand so I can wrap my arms around his neck. Jackson instantly takes my meaning, lifting me up off the floor so that I'm pressed against his chest, one arm solid under my ass as the other wraps me up tight.
I rest my head down against the soft space between his neck and his shoulder, my face turned in towards him.
"Are you okay?" he whispers, anxious. I can feel his heart pounding against me and I press my right hand to his chest, willing it to slow, to rest.
"I'm okay," I whisper back, assuring him. "I just...it was so much at once, wasn't it?"
"What happened?" he asks, even as I feel him start to relax down the bond now that I've assured him I'm okay. "Why were you...why did your chair fall down?"
"Goddess stopped time," I murmur, suddenly exhausted. "We had a... private chat."
"What!?" he breathes, shocked. I lift my head to look into his eyes.
"Wait, what?" I hear behind me, and I turn my head to see my family looking at me, apparently having heard my words.
"Eavesdroppers," I mutter, giving them a glare.
"Secret-keeper," Jesse returns, putting his hands on his hips. "Why did you get a secret conference!?"
"Because I'm the favorite," I sigh, putting my head back down on Jackson's shoulder even as I grin at Jesse. "And the prettiest. She told me so." Jesse scoffs. "I am clearly the prettiest -"
"You're the only guy she didn't call handsome," Tony quips, and as Jesse goes pale at the realization that he's right, Jackson turns so that we can both see Tony standing by the desk at the front of the room, his bag over his shoulder. "Is it okay to call an end to class now?" he asks, clearly unsettled, looking around at all of us. "I mean, it was for sure the most informative class we've ever had but..." he shrugs, "a lot to process." 
"Of course, Tony," Cora says, her eyes crinkling as she nods to him. "We'll see you next week - and don't hesitate to get in touch in the meantime."
"You got it," Tony murmurs, giving a little salute and heading for the door.
"Tony!" Jesse calls after him, and Tony turns. "Come to our room tomorrow, after the Games. We're going to have a little unwinding celebration and we'll want to see you there." 
en FindNovel
Tony smirks, his eyes crinkling, I think pleased at the invitation. "All right," he says, giving a nod. "I'll see you then."
"Good," Rafe says, the word a little squeaky. He clears his throat, I think remembering his manners. "We'll be glad to have you."
Tony nods again and I wave to him, glad Jesse remembered to invite him. Tony - he really is a part of the group now, at least as far as I'm concerned.
"All right," Cora says, glancing at mom. "We should get into some of the details of this before we head back to the Capital -"
"Actually," I say on a sigh, lifting my
Pelind
head and looking at my mom, who turns towards me. "Do you think...we could have a minute? Just...me and you?" Jackson's arm tightens around me in silent request and I grin, glancing towards him. "And Jacks?" 
My mom nods once to me, a smile forming on her own lips as she gives Rafe another squeeze. "Sure, trouble. What's up?"
###Chapter 0572
behind her so that mom, me, and Jacks are quite suddenly alone.
Jesse gives me a little glare, clearly wanting to be in on the mini conference, but I just grin at him and flick my fingers towards the door, telling him to go away. Cora laughs and gathers up my brother and my cousin, escorting them out of the room and shutting the door Jackson sighs, letting me slip down to the floor, even though I can tell he doesn't want to.
Mom keeps her eyes on the door until it snicks shut and then whips her head back to the two of us. "Did Rafe and Daphne break up? What's going on there?"
"Mom, I called this private conference to talk about me," I say, pressing my fingers delicately to my heart. "Not your precious meatball."
"But he is a precious little meatball!" mom says, gathering her fists tight below her chin and looking at me with shining eyes. "Just a sad, precious little heartbroken meatball!"
I laugh, shaking my head at her but heaving a little sigh. And then as mom slips into Rafe's desk chair and I take my seat again, Jackson pulling his chair over to sit between us, I quickly fill my mom in on Rafe's romantic drama. And even though I can tell she has a thousand questions, I smile my gratitude when mom tucks them all away and leans towards me.
"Okay. Thanks for telling me that - but I'm sure he'll be okay. But what's up with you, baby? Are you all right?" She leans forward, putting a warm hand on my knee, her eyes bright and loving and defensive, like she's ready to call the Goddess back and give her a piece of her mind if she's truly upset me.
My lip starts to tremble at the concern in her voice, the way she so clearly offers to take my troubles from me and solve all my problems.
"Can you stay, mom?" I croak, suddenly wanting her near very, very much. So, so much has changed so fast and I just...want my mom. "Just for like, one more night?"
A sudden rush of worry and love comes flooding down my bond with Jackson as he sees how upset I am, but I'm still looking at mom even as he reaches out a hand and places it warm on my back.
"Oh, sweetie," mom whispers, her heart breaking as she slowly shakes her head.
I sit up straighter, squaring my shoulders, hating that answer but knowing that she'd only deny me this if she had a good reason for it.
"I have to go home," mom whispers,
scootching doser and taking my face again between her hands. "To...to Markie, and June. And your dad," she shakes her head. "They need me and..." she bites her lip, "with what you said? About the Dark God having...interest, in our Junepiper?" 
I sigh, hanging my head for a moment and then nodding.
"You'll be fine here, love," my mom says, petting me softly, my hair and my cheeks. "You've got Jackson, who is much better at protecting than me and just as nice." I glance over at my mate to see him flushing a bit at the compliment, but he moves his eyes to mine, giving me a little nod that lets me know that I'm his full priority in my mother's absence. 
But still, it's not enough, is it?
"I won't be all right, though," I say with a sudden desperation, remembering that new dark thing that curls within me. And then, dropping my head, I start to cry again when I realize that I had a chance to ask the Goddess about it - and, like an idiot, I didn't.
"Oh, little baby," mom murmurs, slipping out of her chair and moving to mine, budging me half off so she can sit next to me and wrap one arm tight around my back, the other moving to cup my face. "Tell me," she whispers, looking seriously into my eyes. "Tell me everything."
I spill it all out of me, the story of what happened with the God of Darkness kissed me. Of some darkness turning slowly inside me and then opening one eye, awake and fresh and hungry and eager to do...something, though I have no idea what. Down the bond can feel Jackson's growing horrobas I speak, though I'm surprised to see that
mom simply...nods. 
And doesn't look surprised at all.
"Oh, baby," mom whispers, shaking her head at me when I fall silent, finally out of words. "For what it's worth, I...don't think it's all bad."
###Chapter 0573
Jackson and I stare at mom in shock and she sighs.
"I guess it's time," she murmurs, petting my face softly, "to fill you in on a little thing that happened the day you were born." And then my mother tells me a story that makes my jaw fall open in shock - of how the God of Darkness apparently pulled her aside into another realm and gave to me...this thing that I've been holding, apparently, since the day I was born. "But he assures me it was a gift," mom says, a little desperate.
"And you...believe him?" I ask, horrified.
"Baby," mom says, stroking her hands again over my hair. "It's...you kind of had to be there - he insisted it was a blessing and not a curse. Plus, it passed through me to get to you - you weren't born yet, and I felt it. It's not that Gods can't lie, my love, it's just that...why would they bother? Whatever he gave you..." she bites her lip and gives a helpless shrug. "I'm sorry, darling. I know that it's new and it's frightening but..." she sighs and places her hands again on my cheeks, letting her healing magic sweep through me. "I've been scanning you for this ever since you were a little girl, and sweetheart...there is no true darkness in you. My love," she looks at me quite seriously. "Whatever this is...I don't think that it's bad. I think that it's yours."
I look down at myself, trying to see through myself to this new...gift, whatever it is. This thing I absolutely do not understand. "But if he gave me a gift, why was he such a jerk all semester?" I murmur, shaking my head. Mom laughs and I look up to see her shaking her own. "We can't understand these Gods' emotions, sugar. Plus...I get the impression that he is deeply bitter that your grandmother left him. It's complicated."
"Oh, gross," I say, my shoulders falling as I realize something. "Oh, gross, mom - grandma's ex husband kissed me to wake this thing up -"
Mom bursts out laughing, rocking back with it.
"Gross," I continue, sticking out my tongue and looking over at Jacks, "my sort-of Grandpa...and it was not like, a chaste little kiss..." Jackson's eyes narrow, a growl rumbling in his chest at the idea.
And something about this - Jackson jealous of a God, ready to rip him to shreds for kissing me, brings a small smile to my face.
"Just try not to think about it too much, kiddo," mom says, wrapping me up in a hug and pressing a kiss to my hair.
"Done and done," I mutter, putting the thought from my mind with a shudder. Mom stands up, smoothing her hands down over her shirt and looking towards the door when a hesitant knock comes at the door.
"I am so sorry," Cora says, slipping
the door open and looking between the three of us. "But Ella...they've told me that they want us to leave now. That if we don't, we'll have to wait
until morning." 
en FindNovel
My mom turns back to Jackson and I, looking between us, biting her lip as if she's seriously considering it - and I see in that instant that she will stay, for me, if I ask her now.
"Go, mama," I say quietly, standing and doing my best to paste a smile on my face as I give her shoulder a little shove. "Go back to dad and protect my Junie. I like her now, after all."
Mom grins and then wraps her arms around me. "love you so much, little baby trouble,” she whispers, holding me tight. And take care of your brother he puts up a big front like your dad but...there's a big meatball heart under all that stoicism and
muscle. He needs love too."
I whisper my promise that I will and mom moves on to Jackson, who bends low to pull mom into a tight hug. "Well see you soon?" he asks.
"Yes, sweet boy," she says, pulling back and patting him on the cheek, giving him a beautiful smile. "Take care of my girlie."
"With my life," he says, dipping into a
little bow that has absolutely no
irony as mom steps away to the
door. I move quickly to Jackson'met
side, watching mom and Cora go,
blowing us kisses as they do 
And then it's just me and Jacks, all alone.
BUMS
###Chapter 0574
I turn towards Jackson in the quiet of the magic classroom, wrapping my arms around his waist, leaning my head against his chest, exhausted and spent and desperately shaken by everything that happened. We stand there, quite quiet, for a long time with Jackson quietly stroking my hair, resting his cheek on the top of my head. "I love you so much, Ariel," he murmurs. "I'm sorry this was so stressful for you."
I sigh, knowing that it's more stressful than he realizes but...also knowing that I have to give our situation some deep thought before I go spilling out the details to one mate and not the other. So I put it aside for the moment, making a solemn promise to myself to think it through tonight before I fall asleep.
"Stressful for you too, puppy," I murmur into his chest. "You got your own set of weird news."
"Nothing I can't handle," he says, sighing and lifting his head. I peer up at him, loving him quite desperately, not even allowing myself to consider what it would be like if the Goddess took him away. Because it's not happening - not ever. "What do you what to do?" he asks. "Hmm?" I turn my head to the side.
"You're a little late for your lesson with Blaze," he says quietly, glancing up at the clock. "But if you'd rather just go lay in bed and relax, I'm sure he'd let you off -"
"No," I say, straightening up and turning to look at the clock with a frown. "No, I want to go to that. Will you walk me?"
"Of course," Jackson says, leaning down and taking my chin in his hands, tilting it up so that he can press a warm, lingering kiss to my mouth. "I'll walk you anywhere you want to go, little fire sprite."
I grin up at my mate, love swelling in my chest. And then I slip my hand into his, wanting his touch no matter the fact that we're risking my secret. And Jacks - he doesn't let my hand go as we slip out of the room, heading down a set of stairs towards the gyms.
When Jackson and I turn the corner into the hallway where the smaller gyms are located, Luca pushes himself up from his place by the door, his eyes instantly scanning over me.
"What happened?" he asks, moving closer to us, reaching for me. "You're never late like this - what happened?"
I give Jackson's hand a squeeze before I drop it, moving to Luca and wrapping my arms around his waist, letting him fold me in close to him for a second, drop his head to my hair and give me a sniff, checking to make sure I'm okay. I feel ease come to him the moment he
touches me as he exhales a long
breath. 
"We just had a really...complicated magic class," I say, pushing back from him a little and stepping between my mates as Luca's arms fall to his side. "I'll fill you in afterwards."
Luca gives me a nod and then looks into Jackson's eyes. Something passes between them then and I work hard against my smile as Luca turns his head to the side, silently asking Jackson if there's anything else he needs to know, and Jackson gives him a shrug, letting him know that that's pretty much it. 
I bite my lip, looking between them, kind of...regretting the fact that the news I have to give both of them - at some point - is going to ruin this little stalemate that they've come to. Because even if Jackson and Luca are some variety of friends now.....I think they're able to maintain that because they both think that at some point I'm going to make a choice between them.
And in their hearts, I think that they both think that it's going to be them - which makes sense, because I know that there's no part of me that can even begin to think of rejecting either.
But now that the Goddess has demanded that I receive both of their marks? And that if I don't, she'll reject the bonds herself and assign me new mates?
God it's...it's going to ruin everything.
Both Luca and Jackson turn their heads to me at the same moment, sensing my dread. "What?" they both say, frowning at me, ignoring their simultaneity. "Oh, there's no time," I say, flapping my hands at them. "I've got a lesson to get to."
"Ariel, if there's something we need to know..." Luca says, holding a hand out towards me.
"It's not that, Luca, it's not pressing," I say, shaking my head and turning towards the door. "And I need...a minute alone with my thoughts. Please?"
Luca sighs but turns back to Jackson, raising an eyebrow to see if he's all right with this. But Jackson again just shrugs, his stony expression kind of suggesting that he's all right with whatever the hell I'm all right with.
###Chapter 0575
Luca just rolls his eyes a little and turns back to me. "All right," he says, clearly frustrated but accepting it. "Let's get in there - I think Blaze has been waiting."
"See you tonight," Jackson murmurs, dipping in and pressing a kiss to my cap before heading off down the hall. I only spare half a second to watch him go - unable to help it - before slipping my hand into Luca's and moving into the gym. "You are late," Blaze says the moment I step through the door, standing in the center of the room. And somehow, without any proof at all, I know that he's been standing there patiently this entire time.
"I'm sorry," I say, dropping my bag by the door where Luca settles down in his usual spot. "It's -"
"No need," Blaze interrupts, holding up a hand and studying me carefully as I come to the center of the room. "I can see by your face, little bird, that it was not a paltry thing that kept you away."
I sigh, letting my shoulders slump a little as I come to stand before him. But I nod, letting him know his assessment is correct.
"Then let's get to work," Blaze says quietly, leaning closer to me, his eyes kind and wrinkling at the corners. "There is nothing for processing difficult thoughts like movement in the body. Come - we will beat the sadness out of you."
And then to prove his point, he whips his hand up and gives me a fairly hard smack on the arm that makes me stumble to the side even as it makes me laugh.
"Hey!" I say, coming back to the center and grinning at my teacher. "Didn't anyone ever tell you not to hit sad girls?"
"Sad girls don't want to get hit?" he says, quirking his head to the side. "Sad girls need to dodge."
His hand whips up again but I'm ready for it this time, dodging beneath and lashing out with my foot, a sharp kick aimed at his ankle. But Blaze just laughs and sweeps his leg back - and then we're off, moving fast, me trying to land a blow and him issuing commands to make me better.
As the minutes pass I find that my professor was right - that in keeping busy and moving my body, my mind does turn away from the troubling events of this afternoon, giving me much-needed space and respite. Because I can always turn back to them later - but now? Now I've got to learn to kick some ass, just in case any stupid jerk dark Gods try to kiss me again.
Because trust me - one kiss from my grandma's ex was certainly enough for this lifetime.
By the time my workout with Blaze finishes, I'm sweaty, panting, and in a much better mood.
"There is my little bird," Blaze says, giving me a brilliant smile and wrapping me in a hug. I burst out laughing as he does because I'm totally gross right now - but he doesn't care. "All of your emotions are brilliant," he says with a happy sigh, rocking me back and forth, "but to see you smile after you have worked hard does my heart good. I am proud of you, swift little thing." 
"Thanks, Blaze," I say with a sigh, resting against him and hugging him back, truly meaning it in the depths of my soul.
"You are welcome," he says, pulling away and patting my cheek before turning towards his mysterious door. "See you the day after tomorrow! Now, I am on vacation!"
I wave back to Blaze as Luca comes
to the center of the ring, rolling his shoulders You know, I'm getting a little jealous of that guy," he says, the corner of his mouth quirking up as he gestures over his shoulder to Blaze's closing door. "He's got all the good lines." 
"Oh yeah?" I say, putting my hands on my hips and wrinkling my nose at my mate. "You want to call me your little bird and tell me how brilliant my emotions are?"
"See?" Luca says, his mouth
broadening into a wide grin as he
steps into his fighting stance. "That
is a line - that would work. If
wasn't already so gone on you I'd be
using that at all the clubs."
I burst out laughing, ducking under Luca's raised fists to wrap my arms around his waist and grin up into his face. "Do it and die, Grant," I snarl, jealous already.
He laughs with me, dropping his hands to my back and lacing his fingers together lightly behind me.
"Hey," I say, beaming up at him. "What do you say we play hookie on the rest of this fighting lesson and go do something else instead?"
"Oh yeah?" Luca asks, raising an eyebrow at me. "What do you have in mind?"
###Chapter 0576
"Don't get too excited," I say, grinning at the suggestive little pulse that Luca sends down our bond. "I want to go visit Daphne." "Daphne," Luca says, his eyebrows going up. "Yeah, sure, sounds fun. But why do you want to visit Daphne?"
"Because," I say, slumping against him and letting him take my weight a little. "She just had a breakup too, and we've all been so busy and supportive of Rafe, but I'm worried that she feels a little alone. I mean, I know she dumped him but," I shrug, "I don't think it means she's happy."
"I think it's a great idea," Luca says, drifting his thumb over my cheekbone and then dipping his head to give me a sweet kiss. "Besides, I like Daphne. She's fun to hang out with."
"Is she?" I ask, grinning up at him curiously.
"What, you don't think so?" he asks, grinning back.
"No, I do, I'm just...curious what made you say that," I say, giving a shrug.
"She's cool," Luca says, dropping one arm and using the other still around my waist to escort me to the door. "Daphne's funny and a good time, plus hanging out with her is really low-pressure. I've never met a girl like that before."
I burst out laughing as I bend down to pick up our bags, handing Luca his. "Luca," I say, shaking my head at him. "I bet you've met a thousand girls like that."
"What?" he says, turning his head at me, confused. "No I haven't, all the -"
"Have you ever tried just being friends with a girl before?" I ask, slipping my bookbag over my head and looking at him quizzically.
Luca goes still, staring at me.
"Hmmm?" I say, leaning closer to him, grinning up into his face because I already know what the answer is.
"All right, fine, no," Luca says, his face breaking into that million-dollar playboy smile as he slips his arm back around my shoulders. "But that doesn't mean Daphne isn't particularly cool."
My smile deepens as we head out of
the gym and down the hall. "Daphne is particularly cool - but could it be that you think Daphne is chill and cool because you're not wrapped up in a romantic drama with her? That she's just a pal, like anyone else?" 
"What, you want me to try my new line on her?" Luca asks, giving me a too-charming wink that makes my stomach flip. "See if I can imbue some drama into the relationship?"
"You try that line with any level of
seriousness and I'll kick your ass," I growl, giving him a solid little rabbit punch in the belly that makes him burst into laughter and tug me closer to his side. "Besides, Daphne would never fall for it. She's my
friend first and would never betray me." 
"Yes, true," Luca says with a sigh as we begin to climb the stairs to Daphne's level. "Besides, I'm totally gone on blondes now. Redheads hold no interest for me."
"Good," I murmur, tightening my arm
around his waist, for the second time today throwing caution to the wind regarding whether or not I'll be seen walking the hallways like this with my mate. But after the
sway I've
had? 
I don't know. I just...want them close, and keeping my secret in this school seems to pale in comparison to the rather cosmic news that the Goddess gave us.
Luckily, we don't run into anyone by the time we reach Daphne's door and I deliver a soft little rap.
The sewing machine inside goes quiet and Luca drops his arm from my shoulders as we hear footsteps moving towards the door.
It cracks open and Daphne goes a bit still when she sees Luca and me standing there, but then her eyes instantly fill with tears.
"Hey, guys," she says, giving us a wobbly smile as she pulls the door open and leans against the frame.
"Daph!" I gasp, instantly reaching for her and grabbing her in a tight hug, pulling her with me into the room. "What's wrong!?"
"Nothing!" she says, laughing, hugging me back with one arm while she raises the other hand to her cheek, wiping at the few tears that spill over her long dark lashes. "I just - I'm glad to see you!"
"Oh, Daphne!" I cry out, hugging her tight and feeling incredibly guilty that I let it go so long before reaching out like this. "I'm so sorry -"
"No, it's totally cool," she says, breaking away from me and giving Luca a little hug after he shuts the door. "I get it - Rafe was so upset, and you had to take care of him -"
###Chapter 0577
you to think that I've been staying away because I'm taking his side or something."
"Oh, Rafe's a big idiot who can take care of himself," I say, waving a hand in the air and pulling Daphne over to the bed. I mean, I don't actually mean that - but I think Daphne needs the assurance more than Rafe needs my undying sisterly loyalty right now. "I don't want
Daphne stares at me for a second before her eyes well up with tears again. "Really?" she whispers.
"Oh my god!" I cry out, grabbing her again in another hug. "I'm so sorry. I should have come sooner. Of course not, Daphne, you're really important to me! I've been such a jerk."
Luca stands awkwardly by, checking out Daphne's bookshelf, as the two of us take a few more minutes to reassure each other that neither is mad at each other and that our friendship is solid.
"I really should have come down, Daph," I say quietly, shaking my head at her. "I've just been so insanely busy."
"No, I know you are," she says with a sigh, pushing herself back against her headboard and settling in. "Especially with the Games tomorrow. I shouldn't have worried."
I fight my impulse to assure her again that I should have been a better friend so she didn't have to worry, but I know that's just going to lead us down an endless circle. So I just smile at my friend, who grins back at me, both of us silently agreeing to move on from it. "So, is that what's been on your mind?" Daphne asks, looking between Luca and I. Luca grabs the chair from her sewing machine and joins our little group, looking between us. "The Games?"
"Yeah," I say, sighing and settling back against the wall, pleased to have some time with my friend. "That and a weird visit from my grandmother the Goddess today."
Both Luca and Daphne go pale as they gape at me and I grin, kind of tickled by the effect that dropping that little fact had. But I quickly move on, filling them in on what details I can - that the Goddess gave us some new information about our magic, and that Jesse's magic has developed. I don't give any big details, though - especially regarding the provenance of Jackson and Tony's gift, or the shape that Jesse's magic takes, or the fact that the Goddess ordered me to swiftly collect my mate's marks.
Those seem either not my details to share or far, far too delicate for a little catch-up chat at dinner time.
"That's insane," Daphne murmurs, shaking her head at me and running a hand through her long auburn curls. "I can't...I can't believe that. And Jesse has his magic now? That's...amazing."
"I'm sure he'd be pumped to tell you all about it," Luca says, perhaps...a bit too casually. He very pointedly does not look at me as he says it, giving Daphne a friendly nod. "You should come to the room tomorrow night after the Games - we're all getting together, mostly so this lot can lick their wounds after their devastating loss to my team." Luca points his thumb at me as he says this and I snarl and give him a little kick. 
But then I turn my head back to Daphne, eager at the idea. "You really should come!" I say, nodding fast. "I would love that, and a room party always needs more girls. Plus, you can meet our friend Tony" I beam as if this is the greatest treat in the world. 
But Daphne just bites her lip and shakes her head. "I don't know," she says, "that seems...very bold, to dump Rafe Sinclair one day and then show up at his party the next." "Please, this is my party," I say, sitting up straight and pressing a possessive hand to my chest.
"Oh whatever, Ariel, you didn't even know this party was happening," Luca says, leaning back in his chair and giving me a lazy grin.
"Regardless!” I say, flashing him my
he
best princess smile. "My room, my party." But then I shake the pretense loose and lean forward, grabbing Daphne's hand. "Please come, won't be the same without you. You're still our friend, a part of the group, even if your romance with my brother came to its end." 
"Really?" Daphne asks, the hope on her face breaking my heart.
###Chapter 0578
"I honestly think Rafe would want you there," Luca says, giving Daphne a lazy shrug. "He's upset, but he's a good guy - I'm sure he still wants to be friends."
Is that true? I ask Luca down our bond, kind of surprised. I mean, I've never known Rafe to hang out with his ex's before - but then again, I'm not sure I knew he was dating anyone.
Oh, no, he's still in love with her, Luca says, flashing his eyes to me and fighting a smile. But he told me he's going to try and get her back - why not give him the opportunity?
My eyes go a bit wide at this, but I quickly look back at Daphne, not wanting her to know we were talking about her mind-to-mind.
The little quirk at the corner of her lips lets me know I've failed in that a bit, but I give her my best princess grin in turn. "Come on, Daph," I say, squeezing her hand. "I'll talk to him about it and if he says it would make him uncomfortable then I'll send a note saying don't come. But please think about it?"
Daphne bites her lip but then exhales a long breath and nods. "Okay," she says, smiling hesitantly. "If Rafe would be okay with it...I have to admit, I'd love to come. I miss you guys!"
"And we miss you too!" I say, laughing and moving across the bed to sit at my friend's side, slipping an arm around her waist. "Now that the issue of your attendance is settled, on to bigger and more important things. Luca was telling me that he developed a new line for picking up women. He wants to try it on you."
Daphne bursts out laughing and turns to Luca, expectant. Luca, always game, immediately reaches for her hand and gives her a smoldering look. "Daphne, little bird," he says, pitching his voice low. "All of your emotions are brilliant, but -"
But he doesn't get any further than that, because the two of us are laughing too hard for him to continue. Luca joins in, scolding us and shouting that we have to let him try again. But even if he doesn't get very far, I have to admit - my soul feels lighter than it did two hours ago.
I beam at Luca, who is so lovely, who I know has a great deal to do with the unburdening of my soul. He beams back at me, sending a flash of love down the bond, before turning back to our friend and continuing on our project to cheer her up.
An hour or so later, Luca walks me back to my room. "I'll leave you here," he murmurs, using the hand pressed to my lower back to pull me tight against him, looking down into my eyes. "I want to get a good night's sleep so I can kick your ass tomorrow in the Game."
I grin up at him, shaking my head. "Not a chance, Grant. Gonna snipe you off the field - right off your feet, first thing. You don't even have a shot."
Luca laughs but then closes the
distance between us, kissing me hard and swift like he's been waiting all night to do it - and which,
honestly he probably has. A softet
squeak echoes in my chest as wrap my arms around his neck, kissing him back for all that I'm worth. We stay that way for probably much longer than we should, until Luca lets out a shaky exhale and pulls away. 
"You sleep tight, gorgeous," he murmurs, his fingers tracing over my face.
"You too," I whisper. But when he moves to step away I grab his arm, pulling him back. "Luca," I say, half on impulse and half desperate at the memory of the Goddess's threat that if don't get his mark within three months that I'll lose him. "Can we can we spend more time together? Like this? Just me and you? I...I really had fun, even if we spent it with Daphne, and we should..." I shrug, letting him fill in the blanks. 
But Luca bursts into a brilliant smile, cupping my face in his hands. "I would love that, Ariel," he says, beaming down at me. "I know it's hard to find the time but...we should do that. And nothing would make me happier."
"Good," I whisper, standing on my toes and giving him another brisk kiss.
"Love you," he murmurs, kissing my forehead and then starting out down the hall, glancing over his shoulder at me as he goes.
I stand by the door, leaning against
the wall, watching until I can't see
him any more, biting my lip.
Because I mean, I adore Luca -
and
bel.
he's so important to me. But Jackson really has been taking up the majority of my time and emotion lately. It's not necessarily that I feel guilty about that I just... 
I don't know. Do I need to even out the time I'm spending with both of my mates?
My wolf nips at me inwardly, giving me a little growl and urging me inside the room. I sigh and nod to her as I reach for the door, pushing it open, because she's right - I am tired, and hungry, and have other things to worry about right now.
###Chapter 0579
When I get into the room, though, I'm a little surprised to see that no one's sitting in the living room area - that there's only a little covered plate there, apparently waiting for me.
"Over here!" Rafe calls, and I turn my head to see him sitting on his bed with Jackson across from him, a bunch of papers spread out between them. My face bursts into a smile to see them hard at work. Jackson's eyes move immediately over me, assessing, making sure that I'm all right always his first priority. But down the bond I feel a warm rush of love and affection and happiness that I instantly return.
"Hi!" I say, bouncing over to them. "What are you -"
"Nope!" Rafe says, pointing a finger at me that stops me in my tracks. "We're busy, and we're tired, and we need to get this done. You, baby trouble, will only distract."
My mouth falls open and I cross my arms over my chest. "So rude, brother. I just wanted to say hello."
"Liar, you wanted to jump up in Jacksons' arms and get him all worked up," Rafe murmurs, dropping his attention back to the papers in front of them - plans for the Game, surely.
I shift my eyes immediately to Jackson, who looks at me a little wistfully, and guilt pulses through me because...well. Yup. That's exactly what I want to do.
Jackson's face bursts into a smile and he turns away from me, even though his wolf howls to see him do it. "Rafe's right," he says with a sigh, "I'll see you in a little bit. Let us concentrate while we can."
I push my luck for a minute, taking a second to tell Rafe that I've been down to see Daphne and asking if he's okay with it that I invited her over to the room tomorrow. He stills for a moment but then clears his throat, trying to hide a smile as he assures me that it's totally fine why wouldn't it be? "Just wanted to make sure it was okay," I say with a sly smile, looking between the two of them.
"Of course it is," Rafe growls, looking down at his paperwork and waving a hand at me. "Now away, distraction. We have things to do."
"Fine fine," I sigh, looking around. "Where's Jess?"
"In the nook," Rafe murmurs.
I squeak in horrified surprise, looking over at my special cozy area and noting that the curtain is indeed closed. "What the hell is he doing in there!?"
"He said he needed to decompress," Jackson says, his voice low like he doesn't believe it at all. "And that he was usurping it as an unclaimed and unused private territory."
"What a nerd," I mutter, waving to my brother and my mate over my shoulder as I storm over to my nook, grabbing my plate of food on the way. When I get there, I rip open the curtain.
Jesse goes still as his eyes flash to me, a cookie halfway to his lips, Tiger pressed close to his side and Jackson's DVD player open in front of him in the darkness.
"Jesse!" I protest, appalled.
"Do you mind, Ariel?" he asks, raising an equally perturbed eyebrow my way. "I'm taking some me time."
"With all of my stuff!"
"This is Jackson's tiny TV, not yours."
"They're my cookies!" I shout, setting
my plate safely on the bed before leaning across it and making a snatch for the packet of cookies. But Jesse grabs them out of my reach, holding them high. I just glare at him from my ridiculous position sprawled out over my comforter, one hand still poised high. 
"I'll make you a deal," Jesse says, smirking at me in that way he's been doing since a kid that always makes me laugh I can't help it and grin back. "You go take a shower and them come back here and wett
watch TV together and eat snacks." 
"What do I get out of this?" I ask with a sigh, letting my arm fall down onto the bed. "I can do all of that without you in the nook."
"You will get the pleasure of my
company Jesse says, smiling like it's a great prize. "Now get going, you smell. Without waiting to hear my reply Jesse turns back to the DVD player and presses play. 
But I give in, knowing that Jesse has had a hard day, and that I do smell, and that a TV night with my cousin might be precisely the thing I need.
"If you eat all those cookies before I get back," I say, pushing myself up from the bed and looking over towards the bathroom. "You die."
"Shower fast, I have limited self-control," he mutters, his eyes fastened to the screen, his mouth full.
"No crumbs on the comforter!" I growl, walking away.
"No promises!" he returns.
But I just laugh and tug off my cap, loving my cousin and looking forward to the rest of my night.
###Chapter 0580
"No, skip this one," I murmur a little later when I'm curled up next to Jesse in the nook, freshly showered and finally eating my dinner. "It's too sad, when they break up -"
"But there are so many good jokes in this one," Jesse protests, casting a hand out towards the tiny DVD player in his lap. "We can't -"
"We can," I insist, leaning over and pressing the skip button. "And we're going to!"
"Tyrant," he mutters, slipping a few more of my cookies out from their packet and popping one into his mouth. I just smirk, not denying the accusation and leaning close against my cousin's arm as the Besties theme song starts on the screen. I take another bite of my dinner, feeling super cozy.
As the theme rolls on, Jesse fully concentrating on it, I take a second to glance down at the little stuffed tiger pressed between us, and the portable DVD player with its collection of DVDs spread out at the bottom of the bed, and a pair of Jackson's boots tucked neatly beneath my desk where they won't be in the way. In my dresser, I know, are a few perfectly folded sets of his uniform as well.
A little smile crosses my lips as I realize that Jackson is fully at home here despite Rafe's initial insistence that he only sleeps here and would not be moving in. But little by little, Jackson did precisely that. I sigh with happiness, finishing my sandwich, loving that fact as I glance over at Jacks and Rafe, still working intently on his bed.
"What's with all your happy sighs," Jesse murmurs, flicking his eyes over at me. "For someone who had just as traumatic a day as me, you're awfully chipper about it."
"How can I be sad or worried when I've got my big cousin to hang out with me," I say, turning my head to him and reaching up to ruffle his hair. "How could a single worry even come into my head?"
"True I am...anathema to all worries," Jesse murmurs, smirking a bit.
"Except your own, I think," I say quietly, my face becoming more serious as I study the unusually dour expression I'm not even sure he's aware that he's wearing. Beyond that, it's really not like Jesse to seclude himself away - he's a very social creature. If he is disappearing into the nook to be alone and binge eat all of my cookies, something's up. "You okay, Jesse?"
He sighs and glances over at me, and then at Rafe and Jacks, who I intuit he doesn't want to hear. "It's just so weird, Ari," he murmurs. "That like...I've apparently met my mate and have no memory of it. Like, what the hell does that mean?" "I know," I sigh, nodding along. I reach out and tap his chest. "What does wolfie say?"
"He's as lost as me," Jesse murmurs, looking down at his chest and then over to me. "So, when you met Luca and Jackson there was...no doubt? You just...knew it was them?"
"No, I actually didn't know it was
them at first I say, taking a cookie
and eating it passively as I think back. "I smelled them and my wolf knew they were like...in the room. But we didn't know who it was until later." ,
QUMS
Jesse sniffs the air like he's going to be able to smell his mate here in the room with us and I do my best to hide my smile.
"You don't remember anything like that?" I ask quietly. "Someone smelling great and your wolf going a bit crazy for it?"
"Nah," he says, shaking his head and frowning, giving a shrug. "Something's up. But unfortunately I don't think that trying to puzzle it out is going to work - we don't have all the pieces." "Poor Jess," I say, laying my head down on his shoulder. "We'll get it all sorted out in time."
A long beat passes as the drama unfolds on the screen.
"If she's going to be sneaky," Jesse mutters, a little angry and so low I almost don't hear, "she'd better be cool."
I laugh a little. "She will be. The
Goddess can't have stuck you with anyone dull-she's your mate, after all." I reach for the cookies and. place them more solidly on his lap, the only thing I can offer right now. 
Jesse sends me a little grin and takes a cookie. We watch the show together for a minute, I think neither of us really paying attention. "So," Jesse says, too casual. "How's Daphne?" "What?" I ask, picking up my head and grinning at him.
"You smelled like her," Jesse says,
smirking and looking at me from the corner of his eye. "When you came up. Rude of you to take Luca to visit her and not invite me, leaving me here with the gigantic serious ones instead." He gestures, cookie in hand, over at Rafe's bed. 
###Chapter 0581
I laugh, wrinkling my nose at him. "It was a spur-of-the-moment decision. But she's fine, Jesse. I invited her up tomorrow night for the party." "Really?" he asks, bursting into a smile. "That will be great."
"Yeah," I say with a happy sigh, resting my head back down on his shoulder. "I told her you'd give her a full display of your new magic skills. You'd better start practicing so you can show off."
"No pressure," Jesse murmurs, sarcastic. He raises a hand though, his brow furrowing with concentration, and then softly blows on it. As his breath fills his palm it darkens, taking the shape of a little black cat. I burst into a grin, watching as the cat walks daintly around his hand, rubbing its tail warmly against his thumb.
"It's amazing," I whisper, shaking my head in awe, smiling so hard I'm afraid my cheeks will break, "how good you've gotten at that in like two days."
"It's easier now that I'm not scared of it," Jesse murmurs, making the little shadow cat jump from fingertip to fingertip. "I don't remember who said it - but they really are mine, the shadows. Extensions of me. I can make them do...whatever I want."
"That seems rich with possibilities," I whisper, reaching out a hand and beaming when the little shadow leaps from Jesse's hand into mine. Fascinated, I watch and feel it walk around, half substantial.
"I know," Jesse whispers. "I can't wait to experiment. Way cooler than your stupid gift."
"Watch yourself," I growl, concentrating on the cat and tapping into my power, making it puff up into the air in a tiny cloud of smoke. Jesse and I both gasp at the same time, turning our heads to look at each other as we burst out laughing. "That was so cool," Jesse exclaims, grinning at me. "I felt it - it got all hot -"
"I know!" I squeak, pressing my shoulder warm against his, thrilled.
"Too much fun over there!" Rafe calls, sounding tired and annoyed.
"He's just jealous that we're fun and he is so serious," Jesse whispers, way too low for Rafe to hear, making me laugh again. But, I think both of us deciding not to rub it in, we turn our mutual concentration back to the show and fall quiet, letting Jacks and Rafe work while we relax.
"Up."
Jackson's voice rings out somewhere above me, making me jump awake and, blinking, look around.
"No," Jesse groans, "you go sleep somewhere else." Groggy, I turn to see that I'm slumped against my cousin's side and that we've
fallen asleep in the nook w
TV, the empty cookie packet and
Tiger laying between us. 
"You just come in too," I murmur, reaching out a hand for Jacks. "We're too tired to get up."
Jackson just laughs. "If you don't get up, Jesse, I'll just carry you."
"Fine, sounds nice," Jesse mutters, holding his arms up like a toddler waiting to be scooped into the air. "The kind of life I could get used to, just being carried everywhere like you do with Ariel." "Sorry, I meant drag you," Jackson says, dry. "By your hair."
"Violent," Jesse sighs, pushing
himself up and slowly climbing over
me and off of my bed, slumping across the room to his own, protectively patting at his hair like he's scared Jacks is going to make a grab for it. "I expect your temper to be much improved in the morning, Jackson. Ariel, you work on that for me." 
"You got it, buddy!" I call after him, rolling over into the warm space Jesse left so there's room for Jacks. He climbs into the spot next to me with a happy sigh. But then he goes still, looking down at the bed in horror.
"Ariel, there are crumbs everywhere -"
"My bed," I say, narrowing my eyes and pointing a finger at Jackson as I gather Tiger close to my chest. "My rules. Besides, Jesse did that, not me."
"Whatever," Jackson murmurs,
collapsing next to me and making me squeak with joy when he wraps an arm around me and pulls me close against him, dipping his head down and pressing a kiss to my neck. "I'm too tired to comptain. I missed you." 
"Missed you too," I murmur, entangling my feet with his, wanting as much of his body touching mine as I can get. "All done planning?"
"As much as we can be," Jackson says with a yawn, turning my face to his with a gentle hand and then giving me a long, sweet kiss. "But as much as I want to tell you all about it, we need rest. Dream state?"
"Dream state," I say with a happy sigh, letting my eyes drift shut. And, curled up close to Jackson's chest, my heart singing with happiness to be there, I quickly fall fast asleep.
###Chapter 0582
The next thing I know, Jackson and I are cliffside and he is snatching me close to him with a wicked snarl, surprising a laugh out of me that he quickly silences with a proper kiss - the long, deep, knee-jellying kind that quickly has me rather desperate, pressing my body
tight against him and winding my arms around his neck.
The growl that builds in Jackson's chest is satisfyingly hungry as he pulls me to the ground with him, my legs finding their place on either side of his hips as he settles me on his lap, deepening the kiss and letting one hand get lost in my hair while the other traces down the line of my back. I'm basically panting a few minutes later when he breaks the kiss, looking at me with his gorgeous sapphire eyes lazy and half-lidded. "Hi," he whispers.
I ignore the word, emitting a little desperate huff and lifting my chin, wanting more, but Jackson just laughs again and turns us, laying me out on the soft grass by the cliff of our dreamscape, cradling my head gently in his hand. "Trust me, I want nothing more than to kiss you all night," he murmurs, dropping his lips to my neck and tracing long, lingering kisses there. "So do it," I whine, desperately unhappy that he apparently wants to talk when things were getting so good.
Jackson just laughs and presses one final kiss to my mouth before he shakes his head at me. I sigh, tracing my fingers along his cheek and staring up at his face, noting and not at all displeased that Jackson doesn't make any move to lift his body from where it presses deliciously all along the length of mine.
He grins at me, sensing my emotions, and I just bite my lip. "It's your fault," I whisper. "For being so hot."
Jackson laughs, grinning at me, shaking his head. "I didn't choose to be so devastatingly good looking, Ariel," he murmurs. "Can't blame me for that."
"Yes I can," I whine, covering my face with my hands, unable to look at him without wanting to grab his shirt and pull him down further on top of me and kiss him until I pass out or die or whatever comes next. "Unfair."
"You have the same effect on me, you know," he murmurs, tracing his hand achingly down the length of my torso.
"I so don't," I growl, lowering my hands enough to glare at him. "Or else we'd definitely be naked right now -"
He laughs at me, I think entertained and pleased. "It's just discipline, Clark."
"Well then quit that, McClintock," I snap, sitting up a little, grinning at him. "Give in - it's a magical dream state! There are no rules here, no one to impress with how stoic you can be!" But this just makes him laugh, and kiss me again, before taking a deep breath and relaxing against me.
"I want to check in with you," he says, calm and even. "Make sure you're okay."
"I'm all right" I say, relaxing back against the grass, pleased and warm and perfectly at peace - even if just mildly sexually frustrated. I raise my hand and rake my fingers through his hair. 
en FindNovel
"You're worried, after everything that happened today," Jackson murmurs, even as his eyes go half-shut with the pleasure of having his head scratched. "I can tell and I want to help."
"You know I say quietly, even as ! study his perfect face, "I'm allowed to be worried - it's a very natural emotion. You don't always have to fix it. Sometimes things are worrying - and so I worry." FindNovel
"I know," he says, his full lips curving at the corners. "I just want to make it all easy and good, even if I can't."
"Because you are so sweet," I whisper, continuing to trace my fingers through his hair.
"No, I'm very tough and scary," he says, his voice pitching deeper, more threatening. But I just laugh. "Nobody needs to reminded of how sweet they are the night before battle."
"Don't worry, I won't tell the enemies" I say softly. "Your secret is safe with me."
He nods once, dropping a kiss to my cheek.
"What about you?" I whisper, my eyes moving slowly over his face - his long lashes, his straight nose. "How are you feeling about what happened this afternoon, all the news we got?"
"It's weird, isn't it?" Jackson sighs,
rolling away from me so that he's
laying on his back, staring up at the stairs. I prop myself up at his side so that I can look down at his face, listening closely, wanting to help in turn ifI can. "I never...thought about where my magic came from before I came to this Academy it was always just mine. And now I have so many questions." 
"Does it upset you?" I ask quietly, slipping a hand across his hard stomach, kind of unable to not touch him. "That your magic is not a Goddess-given gift? That it's from someone else?"
"No," he says, turning his head to look at me. "Especially if it opens the possibility that I don't have a second mate - someone I met earlier in my life who made the magic start."
###Chapter 0583
"Well, it's your lucky day, Jacks," I say, giving him a big smile. "Because...I kind of asked about that when she froze time and we had a little...secret meeting." "What?" he asks, sitting up a little.
I laugh, nodding. "Yeah, I couldn't resist - couldn't not know. She told me that I'm your only mate - a fact that gives me a great deal of relief, even if..." I hesitate now, grimacing a little, "it is hypocritical."
Jackson groans with relief, falling back to the ground and wrapping an arm around me to take me with him. I laugh, resting my head against his chest, pleased to feel that he, too, is happy and relieved at the news. "Thank god," he murmurs. "I can barely handle you, Clark. Don't want another one. Don't want anyone but you."
I nod, tilting my head to press a soft kiss to his shirt, and we sit in silence for a moment as I let Jackson collect this thoughts.
"So, you have time to ask the Goddess only a few questions in private," he murmurs, "including questions about the gift the God of Darkness gave you...and you asked about whether or not I have another mate?"
I laugh, sitting up and grinning down at him as he peers up at me - exhausted, pleased and curious all at once. "I do have my priorities straight, Jacks," I say daintily, pressing my fingers to my chest. "I needed to know if there's some girl out there that I needed to have locked away in a dungeon or something."
He laughs, shaking his head at me, but then narrows his eyes a little. "What else happened?" he asks. "In the private conference? That news wasn't enough to have you on your feet, your chair knocked over."
I bite my lip, my face falling into more serious lines, considering what to say and shutting down my end of the bond a bit for privacy. Jackson waits patiently, watching my face. "Would it be okay," I ask quietly, "to...keep that to myself a little longer? Just until I have some time to turn it all over in my mind and know how I feel about it?"
Jackson frowns at me and I can feel his worry down the bond as he raises the hand from my back, sliding it softly over my hair. "But you're okay if you do that? Nothing...we need to do, or take care of?"
I shake my head then, softly, barely moving it. Because, I mean, there is time...three months is not a long time, but...
Well, I know that if I told Jackson
what the Goddess said right now, he'd wake up and give me his mark right now rather than risk losing me, having her break our bond. But perhaps selfishly, I don't want it to
happen like that - 
I want Jackson to give me his mark freely, because he wants to and because I want it. Not because a Goddess demands it. And while that's maybe too romantic for our situation...I have some time, right?
Quite suddenly, I make a snap an
arbitrary decision to give it one
month. One month to try everything I can to persuade Jackson to give me his mark as naturally as I can and then, it doesn't happen by then, I'll tell him about the Goddess's ultimatum. That's...that's plenty of time, right? To let it happen naturally? 
Inwardly, my wolf nudges me and I guiltily add Luca to the list. One month to get Jackson's mark and Luca's. Both of their marks, both of my mates.
I sigh, looking to the side, wondering how the hell I'm going to manage this.
"Ariel," Jackson murmurs, cupping my cheek in my hands, and I turn my eyes back to him. "Are you sure you want to wait to tell me what's going on?"
"Yeah, babe," I whisper, laying myself down at his side and letting him wrap me up in his arms. "I'm sure. Don't worry about it - just...something I have to figure out."
"Okay," he whispers, curling his body over and around me, protective and warm.
"At least we get to shoot people with paintball guns tomorrow," I say, working hard for a smile as I look up into his worried face. "That should take the edge off."
"Yes, victory is always a great relaxant," he murmurs, lowering himself to kiss my cheek, and then my jaw, and then my neck, moving his way down towards my shoulder. "Though now, I've got other things in mind."
I tilt my head back, eager to give my
mate more of a canvas to work with, wishing you could get marks in the dream ?tate - because honestly, d take it right now, if he'd give it. Though whether or not he to give me his mark as badly as I want to have it? 
Well. It's a question I'm not sure I'm ready to ask.
###Chapter 0584
I squeal - just a tiny bit - with excitement when I wake up in the morning, pressing my hands to Jackson's chest and sitting up, looking over at Rafe and Jesse's bed through the still-open curtain.
"Is it time?" I ask, gleeful. "Can we go? Did the weapons come? Did they deliver my paintball rifle?"
"No, it's not Midwinter for gun nuts, Ariel," Rafe murmurs in his bed, blearily rubbing his eye, clearly not as awake and excited as me. "They don't bring the weapons to our room - obviously, they'll deliver them to the field." "Oh," I say, slumping a little in my disappointment. "Well, that's okay, I'll -"
But before I can further lay out my plans, Jackson's big arm sweeps up, knocking me down off his chest and into a pile of pillows. "No magic energy for you today," he groans, turning over and burying his face into the blankets. "You're already too awake. And too chipper." "Jacks!" I gasp, laughing, too cheerful and excited to be offended, sitting up again and pouncing on him, smacking at his arms and chest. "Get up! Time for Games! We have to go!"
"I reject you," he mutters as he covers his face with his arms, "I reject our bond - I reject the love that was once between us -"
I laugh, smacking him again and crawling over him, feeling his love and adoration for me flowing steadily down the bond even if I am annoying the crap out of him right now. I hop to my feet as Jesse likewise glares at me from beneath his blankets. "Oh, would you all cheer up!?" I call, skipping off to the bathroom. "This is going to be a great day! We're going to have so much fun! I'm going to shoot everyone!"
As I dart into the bathroom, the dumbwaiter bell rings, confirming that I'm right and that it is time to get going.
Fifteen minutes later, when we're all dressed and standing around in a circle hastily eating the breakfast sandwiches that came up for us, Jackson passes us each a good dose of energy through our bond.
"Do you think this is cheating?" I ask, turning my head to the side as I hold one hand in Jackson's and the other in Jesse's, watching with a bit of delight as a shudder flows through my cousin when the energy hits. I can basically see his hair standing on end.
"No rules against using magic," Rafe
says around his final bite of breakfast, kneeling down to tie his boots. "Though our team's got the lion's share are of it, which is probably unfair. Keep an eye out for Tony skulking around near bodies of
water." 
I grin, thinking of Tony emerging from the water like a swamp creature. "Are there lakes?" I ask, curious.
"We're not supposed to tell you,"
Jackson says, smirking at me as Jesse drops my hand when he's all filled up with energy, moving over to his bed to find his own cap and pull it onto his head. I offer Jacks the last bit of my sandwich, knowing he needs more calories than the rest of us, but he just shakes his head and lifts his chin at me, indicating that I can eat it. 
"You should tell me, though," I say, stepping close to him and grinning up into his face. "Because I'm pretty."
"Then yes, there's a river," Jackson says, grinning down at me and cupping my cheek in his palm. "We're going to be in a sort of crevasse or a ravine with -"
"Jacks!" Rafe scolds, swatting at Jackson's leg as he stands up. "You're breaking the rules."
"I can't help it," Jacks says, gathering me close to his chest and grinning at Rafe, laughter in his eyes. "She's...really pretty."
I wind my arms around my mate's waist and turn my face up towards my brother, giving him a smug smile.
"All right, whatever," Rafe says, laughing and whipping a hand out to knock the brim of my cap sideways, making me laugh. "Let's move out, troops!"
Jesse, newly energized, gives a happy whoop and together the four of us head for the door and downstairs. I eat what's left of my sandwich on the way, so incredibly excited that I don't know how I'm going to keep it down.
We gather with the rest of the
cadets in our year on the lawn in
front of the candidate barracks,
where eight rather gigantic
helicopters wait. Rafe and Jackson immediately go into command
mode and I stand next to Jesse, watching them with wide eyes as they call our team together, barking out orders for how to load up the helicopters and get everyone organized. 
"Holy crap," I whisper, watching the efficiency with which they work, the ease with which they assume command. "They're like...good at this."
###Chapter 0585
"I know, it's gross," Jesse says, slumping next to me with his arms crossed, doing his best to live up to his worthless and profligate reputation.
I grin, nudging him with my elbow. "You're probably good at it too."
"Yes," he says, turning bored eyes my way, "but unlike the rest of you, I choose not to live up to my potential."
I burst out laughing and give Jesse a shove before Rafe barks at us to make ourselves useful and help carry some of the supplies onto the chopper, whose blades are starting to turn. We hop to it, but even as we do I look around at the other teams, easily spotting Luca's tall form across the field. I send a pulse down our bond and he instantly looks up, his eyes finding me with satisfying speed.
Luca grins at me, and I think I see a wink as I wave hello to him. But then Rafe is next to me, sighing and grabbing my arm, hauling me forward and scolding me for fraternizing with the enemy. I laugh, climbing onto the chopper and telling him to unhand me. After all, that's my sniping arm and it can't risk being damaged.
We're in the air remarkably fast after that, with me buckled into a seat pressed between Jesse and Jacks, Rafe sitting on the other end of the helicopter chatting with three other warrior Cadets for whom he has a special mission. The other half of our team - five more students are on the other helicopter and are going to meet us there.
I can barely contain my excitement, practically vibrating with it.
My eyes moving to the hard-shell cases strapped to the center of the helicopter that I know contain our allotted supplies which - I was surprised to discover - Rafe and Jackson also had to negotiate for, picking and choosing which weapons to equip for their team. "Is it in there?" I whisper, leaning over to Jackson, desperate to know.
He laughs, looking down at me with real pleasure. "Of course it is. Why are you so obsessed?"
"I'm just really excited."
I grin, my eyes moving over the boxes, but I sit up straight when I see one of the warriors with whom Rafe is speaking looking over at the three of us, frowning with his eyes trained on me.
"Is there a problem, Miller?" Jackson says, leaning towards the Cadet under his command, his movements slow and dangerous like a lion that's spotted a threat to his pack. My eyes go wide as I watch Jackson put himself between me and this man who's frowning at me, reminded again that my mate - who is so sweet and gentle with me - is, in reality, no one to be messed with.
"I just...don't fucking get it, McClintock," Miller says, casting a hand out towards me as he locks eyes with Jacks.
"It's Commander, in this situation," Jackson says, his voice dropping lower. "And luckily, no one asked you whether or not you 'get it."
"Look," Miller Snaps, pushing his luck
a bit. "I just know we sacrificed a lot
Telnet
of resources in order to get this...shrimp on our team. And L know he's in with your crew or whatever, but it doesn't seem wise to have "
"Enough," Jackson says, the Alpha command rumbling low in his voice.
Miller sits up straight, his mouth snapping shut as everyone in the helicopter realizes what's happening and turns towards Jacks and consequently - to me.
"Not that Commander Sinclair and I
need to explain our logic," Jackson says, looking around and meeting everyone's eyes individually. "But our reasoning for making such a heavy bid for Cadet Clark will make itself abundantly clear when you see what he can do." 
I blush a little bit, even if I feel smug at Jackson's words. But I lift my chin and look around at everyone else in the helicopter, hoping with sudden desperation that I can live up to my I mate's faith. 
Don't worry, Jackson says directly into my mind, snapping my attention up to him. You can.
A smile breaks onto my face, and I nod once as the helicopter tips, starting to head down.
"All right," Rafe says, drawing all attention to him. "Get ready, troops. The moment we land? We're at war."
Jesse nudges me with his shoulder and I turn to see him smiling as big as I am, equally excited. "You ready to kick ass, baby trouble?" he asks, holding a fist out to me.
I ball my own fist and bump it against his. "Oh yes, your Grace." I say, beaming at my cousin. "I sure as hell am."
###Chapter 0586
"It's so beautiful," I gasp, on my knees in front of the newly-opened case that holds my paintball sniper rifle, which is matte black and obviously brand spanking new. The helicopters have just pulled away and we're in a secluded, thick patch of trees that's growing on a plateau halfway down the cliff edge of a ravine.
"Could you try to be a little less of a girl?" Rafe murmurs at my side, looking around with a grimace to see whether any of our teammates have noticed me pressing my fingertips delicately to my lips in awe. "For like, one day?"
"I can try," I sigh, dropping my hands but otherwise ignoring him as I reach out for the gun, picking it up and inspecting all of the details, kind of impressed by the quality of the scope. "Where are the bullets?"
Rafe reaches for another box, pulling out a pair of binoculars and then a couple of magazine cartridges attached to a belt. He hands them all over to me.
"Accessories!" I gasp, putting the gun down and slinging the binoculars over my neck before reaching for the belt, grabbing it and starting to work it around my waist.
Rafe laughs and stops me, helping me rearrange it so that the belt drapes neatly over one shoulder and down to my other hip. "So you don't have to lay on it," he murmurs. "Thanks," I say, beaming up at him. "Um, can I practice with this?" I pick up and hold out the rifle, which is satisfyingly light.
"As much as you want," Rafe says, rather passively, standing up and gesturing for me to come with him. "But we need to get everyone in place first. So, patience, all right, trouble?"
"Yes sir yes sir," I mutter, standing and taking the gun with me, trying to hide my disappointment. Rafe smirks at me and then together we walk through the little patch of forest over to the rest of the team, who are being briefed by Jackson. When we wander over, several cadets raise their eyebrows at the huge gun in my hands, but I just grin at them, knowing that they're jealous.
"All clear?" Jackson asks, looking around at the group.
As one, they all chant "yes sir!" and break into two smaller groups with Jesse and another Cadet standing to the side.
"What's happening?" I whisper to Rafe, curious.
"Two strike teams," he murmurs, bending to the side a little towards me as he gestures towards the two groups of Cadets. "One advance and one reserve. And then Jesse," he says, pointing to our cousin, who is crouching by the supplies and strapping on his own set of weapons, "is advance scout."
""Really?" I ask, looking up at Rafe. "All by himself?"
"That's what he's trained for," Rafe says, grinning down at me. "Well, not as a scout - that's different. But Jesse can move fast and undetected alone, so we're using him for special projects today."
I'm still turning over in my mind what the hell special projects means when my eyes turn towards the last Cadet standing alone with Jackson. "Who's that?" I ask, raising my chin towards him.
"Our singular ambassador," Rafe
says, sounding a little guilty about it.
"The other teams are going to negotiate more, but Jacks and I...he hesitates, glancing at me, "well we kind of just decided that going Scorched earth was going to be more effective." 
I laugh a little, staring up at him. "Seriously?"
He shrugs. "We have a strong team - we're playing to our strengths."
"Well, what about you?" I ask, readjusting the rifle slung over my shoulder. "And Jackson? And me?"
"I'm in command," Rafe says, turning and pointing through the trees towards what looks like a little brown shack that I didn't notice before. "Going to be directing the troops by radio from in there. And Jackson -"
"Is going with you," Jacks says, sauntering over to us, slipping a tiny earpiece over his right ear and holding one out to Rafe and to me. "Come on, Clark. Time to get you in position - the Game's already started."
I look wide-eyed at Rafe and then back at Jacks as I slip my earpiece on. "Seriously?" I say. "That's all the briefing I get?"
"You don't need to get briefed," Rafe
says, clapping me on the shoulder
and turning towards the command shack with the reserve group as Jesse and the other group head towards the cliffside. "You just take commands and let us do the
thinking." 
"I hate that," I scowl, glaring at my brother, my hands tightening on the strap of my gun.
"Welcome to the army, sis," Rafe says, smirking at me and patting me on my cap before turning away, getting started.
"Come on," Jacks says, grinning at me and nodding towards the forest and the cliffside climbing at our back. "Let's get you set up."
I sigh, but nod, following my mate.
On the way, Jackson - I think
sensing my frustration, my need to
comprehend instead of just
following orders - explains some things to me. "The whole point is to see which team is standing in the end," he says, walking swiftly and obliging me to trot to keep up. "We can either kill everyone by getting paint on them -" 
###Chapter 0587
"With guns?" I ask, glancing up at him.
"Or other weapons," he says with a shrug. "Paint-coated dulled knives, the like. The point is - you get paint on you, you're dead. We're watched from above," he says, pointing up towards the sky, "with cameras. If you die you'll get a notification to clear the field." He taps on his earpiece, making it clear where that notification will come from.
"Oh," I say, glancing up as we reach the wall of rock behind us and Jackson - mountain goat that he is - starts up a very narrow trail that I might not have noticed without him here. I start up after him. "What happens if we kill everyone?"
"Then we win," Jackson says over his shoulder. "Last team standing takes the victory."
"So, what's the strategy?" I ask quietly, looking out over the landscape as we climb. It really is a deep ravine that we're fighting in, with two sheer cliffsides facing each other and a river at the bottom. Each of the cliffsides has many plateaus built into them like the one that our helicopters landed on. An interesting battlefield, for sure - but one that's certainly built to favor my own brand of sniping. I smirk, pleased and wondering if the Captain trained me in part with this in mind. "Our strategy," Jackson says, continuing to hike up the steep path, "is to let everyone come to us."
"Really?" I ask, focusing on his powerful shoulders as he moves ahead of me. "Why?"
"Because we're little," he says, grinning over his shoulder at me. "And we have you. We're going to let the enemy come to us and shoot them as they approach."
"Oh," I say, my eyes going wide. Because, I mean, I knew they put a lot at stake to get me - but I still didn't know I was so central to the plan.
Jackson and I finally reach what looks like another plateau, though this one is much, much smaller, and I'm panting a bit as I look around. Jackson, annoyingly, waits for me to catch my breath, looking completely un-winded.
"Our worst case scenario is if the other two teams are clever enough to band together and assault our team together. We won't last long under that."
"Oh," I say, looking up at him, kind of worried now. "So that's what they'll do?"
"We think tensions and mistrust will run high enough between the teams that even if they do, it won't last. Someone will start shooting the other, given enough time. So, we're not doing a big offensive - just...waiting it out and seeing what happens. And you're going to be a big part of that."
I look up at my mate with wide eyes and nod my agreement, perfectly eager to help in whatever way I can. "Um," I say, glancing around, a little awkward. "How do you want me to do that?"
Jackson grins at me and turns,
leading me over to a set of bushes
just by the edge of the cliff where he crouches down, waving for me to do the same as he pulls a map and a little red pen out of his pocket. "We're setting you up here," he says as I kneel next to him, peering at the paper that he spreads out before me. "The locations of the other bases are marked on the map with red x's. We want you to take some time to get acclimated with the gun and then the rest of your time scanning with the binoculars." 
"Really?" I ask, looking down at them, wondering what they can do.
"They're digital - very high powered," Jackson says, slipping them off of my head and showing me their details, demonstrating the extent to which they can zoom which is seriously impressive. When I
understand the basics, he hand net
them back to me. "You can report where troops are and how you're seeing them move and we'll message it down to Rafe - it will be incredibly helpful to be able to mark their movements on the map. And then when they get close enough, you can shoot them." He shrugs like it's all very simple. 
I pause for a second, looking up at Jackson. "Wait, we'll message it down?"
Jackson stares at me with a slight frown, not understanding my hesitation.
"Jackson," I say, quirking my head at him. "What is...your job today?"
"Guarding you, obviously," he says, settling comfortably down behind the bushes and gesturing out over the ravine.
I just stare at him, my jaw dropping
open a bit, a growl growing in my chest. He starts to narrow his eyes at me, not understanding but also not liking my growl. 
"And Rafe agreed to this?"
"I didn't give him much of a choice," Jackson says, his chin dropping dangerously. "Did I?"
"Jackson," I snap, glaring at him hard. "Absolutely not."
"Are you defying your commands, Cadet?" Jackson asks, leaning forward towards me, quirking his eyebrow.
"You're damn right I am," I say, leaning forward too to glare up into his face. "Which I am entitled to do, when they're really stupid."
###Chapter 0588
Jackson just stares at me, shocked and unblinking - and for a split second I realize how rare it actually is for people to look him in the eye and defy him.
But his surprise is not long lived, replaced immediately by anger.
"Ariel, you will fall in line -"
"No way!" I throw back, baring my teeth at him. "Jackson, you're being overprotective! I've got a big gun, I'm up here all alone, I've got radio to contact you and binoculars so I'll know miles away if anyone is coming —"
"I am not leaving you alone in a battle trail again, Ariel," Jackson snarls, leaning even closer and wrapping his hand around my arm. "Never again."
My mouth goes a bit dry as I stare at Jackson, realizing what all of this is about.
"Jacks," I whisper, reaching up and pressing his cheeks between my hands, staring into his gorgeous blue eyes. "That's - that's not going to happen again -"
"The psychopath that hurt you the first time is out there right now coming for us with weapons!"
"Paintball guns! Dulled knives!"
"And if you think he can't rip you apart with just his bare hands, Ariel," Jackson's hand tightens on my arm as he stares at me, quite panicked, "then you don't realize how...how delicate you actually are!"
"I am not delicate," I snap, offended, dropping my hands from his face and glaring up at him again. "I've been working really hard -"
"I know," he interrupts, his mouth a tight line. "I know, Ariel - I'm...I'm..." he exhales a long, slow breath, closing his eyes and working hard to find his words. "Wright is nearly as good as Rafe and me - he has been since we were Candidates. And I know you have come so far in your training - but it is still so dangerous for you to go up against him."
"He's not here," I say, climbing to my knees and moving closer to Jackson, wrapping my hands in his shirt and tugging him closer, making him open his eyes and look into mine. "Jacks, I get that you want to protect me but it's important that we win this, yes?"
He exhales slowly, frustrated, I think not even wanting to give me a platform to . But then he nods once, terse.
"And you - probably the most powerful Alpha on this battlefield - are wasted just sitting up here next to me like a mother hen, keeping me safe!"
"It is not a waste," he snaps. "Keeping you safe is never a waste."
"And were you actually keeping me safe," I whisper, "I would agree. But you're just sitting with me."
Jackson just shakes his head once, letting me know that the argument doesn't work. That he's not going anywhere.
I sit back hard on my ass, shifting
my focus out over the valley, trying to figure things out. We sit in silence for a long few minutes, my mind turning, before I speak again. "So, you're up here and Rafe's down there, in the command center ordering the troops." 
"Yes," Jackson snaps, still terse, not happy that I haven't just given in to his plan to hang out with me all day.
"And were you to go back down the cliff -"
"I'm not going -"
"Were you," I repeat, turning to glare at him, not letting him interrupt me. He takes a deep breath, letting me talk, "the Rafe could go out with the troops and Jesse could go on his individual mission. And be a serious asset there. Is that not correct?" 
Jackson clenches his teeth but doesn't say that I'm wrong. And if I were, he'd have said it.
"Here's the deal, McClintock," I say, crossing my arms over my chest. "You're going to go down to command and run it from there, and Rafe's going to go into the field, as is better for the team -" "Ariel," he growls -
"And!" I say, ignoring his protest and continuing on "I'm going to be up here, doing exactly what you told me to do. And the moment people get too close, I'll contact you with my little earpiece," I tap it for emphasis, "and you can come back up and protect me. But until then, you are not wasting all of your potential and everything that you can do to sit by my side and protect me!" 
"Well, I don't agree to that," Jackson says, shrugging like my plan doesn't matter.
"Fine," I say, shrugging back. "Then I'm not shooting anyone. Or looking in any binoculars. I'll just sit here and stare at the sky and enjoy this beautiful day."
###Chapter 0589
Jackson glares hard into my eyes, I think hating me a little bit right now for not being easy and simple and falling in line with his plans to be overprotective.
"You know I'm right, Jackson. That we have a better chance of winning with you down there instead of up here."
He sighs sharply through his nose, looking down at the ground, confirming that I'm right even if he doesn't say it.
"I want to win," I say, reaching for him again and placing a soft hand on his forearm. "And this is cutting into time I could be practicing with the gun. You can come up the moment anyone gets close but Jacks..." he looks up at me now, "no one's close. You know that, right? You know where the helicopters dropped people off."
Jackson sighs, dropping his gaze again and glaring hard at the ground. "Why are you so damn stubborn, Ariel?"
"I didn't enroll here to be sheltered and protected, Jacks," I say, my voice hard. "I came to learn how to do this - how to help my country, which means putting myself at least at a tiny bit of risk."
He whips his head up. "I'm never going to allow that."
"Yes, sweetheart," I say, my eyes softening as I raise myself again to my knees, moving close to him and taking his face in my hands. "You are. Because I'm going to ask you to. Because I'm not going to let you put your love for me in front of the wellbeing of my people. That's not what's at stake today but... that's what will be in the future. If I can make a difference, you have to let me go into dangerous situations. And if not then...what is all of this for?" I shrug. "If my safety actually is the top priority - the only priority - then we should have probably locked me up in a nunnery to start with."
"Very tempting right now," Jackson murmurs, looking stubbornly away from me and over the valley below.
I press my fingers hard to his cheek, making him turn back. "Hey," I say leaning close enough for us to share breath. "I love you, and I love how much you want to protect me."
Something goes out of him at that and Jackson raises a hand, curling it around the back of my neck.
"I know this is hard," I continue, "but you've got to let me fight, Jacks. Especially when the stakes are low - you can't...you can't spend your entire life exclusively protecting me. You're too useful to just play bodyguard - and there's so much at stake."
Jackson tugs me closer to him,
knocking me off balance but catching me in his arms, pressing me tight to his chest. "I love you so much, Ariel," he whispers back This is....incredibly difficult for me can't believe you're making me do this." 
"I know," I whisper, pressing my cheek against his warmth, letting my eyes close. "But you know it's right."
"As soon as they get even remotely close," Jackson growls. "I'm coming up here. Or, if I order you down the cliffside, you come skittering down to the base without a single damn question, all right?" "Okay, baby," I whisper, smiling into his chest.
"And don't call me baby on the battlefield," Jackson growls, releasing me and helping me back to my knees. "And get started learning that weapon - we've... already lost enough time with this chat." "Okay, sweetie," I say, giving him a big smile and unstrapping the weapon from my back as he stands up.
"Ariel," Jackson says and I look up at him, ready to listen. But he just stares at me, I think a bit at a loss for words.
I smile, encouraging, just...waiting.
He frowns a little, I think puzzling it out. "I am....incredibly proud to be your mate," he says quietly, his voice tight as he stares down at me, his hands tightened into fists and Kis mouth drawn into a serious line. 
My smile fades away and I clench my jaw against the raw emotion that wells in me at the realization that Jackson is baring his heart.
"And...I like you, and you make me
want to be a braver man. I want
to...care about the world, and
do
everyone in it, as much as you love you but I also...admire youka great deal. I think you're the best person I've ever met."
I take a deep breath, fighting hard against the tears that line my lower lashes, so incredibly overwhelmed and swept away by the earnestness of my mate that I'm not sure I can bear it.
###Chapter 0590
I don't have any words in response, completely overwhelmed as I am at the incredible compliment Jackson just gave me, at the impossible way that he sees me and how incredibly much he loves me. So I just stare at Jackson, and open my side of our bond completely, letting him feel all the love and pride and joy and fear that his words have raised - fear that he loves me too much, that I'll never live up to his standards.
I can see the moment when my emotions hit him, the way his face bursts into a bashful smile, how he reaches for me. And I'm instantly on my feet, hurling myself up into his arms, him wrapping me up with a vicious snarl as he lifts me up off the ground. "You already do, Ariel."
"I love you too, Jacks," I say, sniffing hard against my tears.
"We're not supposed to cry in battle," he murmurs, tucking his head down next to mine.
"Yeah, well, I wasn't supposed to do a lot of things." I sigh as he sets me back down on my feet. I sniff again, wiping hard at my cheeks as he holds me stead for a moment, softly stroking a hand over my cap and down my neck.
I take a deep breath and straighten my shoulders, giving his shoulder a little shove. "Now go away - we have work to do."
Jackson just laughs, taking a step away from me even though I can tell that he hates it. "Shoot straight, Clark."
"Yeah yeah," I say, forcing myself to turn away and unstrapping the gun from my back. "Go...be bossy. Or whatever your job is. Punch hard."
"Earpiece on!" Jackson calls, starting down the little trail as I unstrap one of the magazines of paintballs and begin to load it into my rifle. I take a second to flick the switch next to my ear.
"You got it, Commander," I say into the piece, knowing he can hear me now.
"Finally, some respect," he says, sarcastic, making me laugh.
"You in place, Clark?" Rafe's voice says, coming down along the line, sounding stern and a bit angry. "Bout time. The other teams are already on the move - we need your eyes on them."
"You got it, Sinclair," I murmur, laying myself down next to my rifle and sighting down the scope before taking a few shots, each at longer distances along the side of our own cliff, wanting to test my accuracy but not wanting to let the other teams know where I am just yet. "Two minutes and I'll get you the first report."
"Make it one," my brother says, dry, making me smirk.
And then, as a team, we finally get to work.
Rafe protests surprisingly little at the news that Jackson changed the plan and is now coming down from my vantage point to more fully join the battle. Imarvel at Rafe's flexibility on this point for a moment while get used to my gun, taking further and further shots and adjusting my movements in tiny increments until I get it right. 
But then suddenly I grin and look away from my scope when I realize that maybe Rafe was...counting on this. He knew Jackson wouldn't listen to him when he said that. Jacks shouldn't babysit me the whole time, but Rafe certainly knew that I'd be bossy enough to send Jackson back down the cliffside instead of wasting his time sitting
around by my side. 
I laugh quietly to myself, shaking my head at my brother and taking one last shot with the gun. When I hit a very particular leaf at a thousand yards I nod, satisfied that I'm comfortable enough with the gun to land my shots.
Then I put my gun aside, turning to the ravine and lifting my binoculars, beginning to survey the landscape and using the impressive zoom feature to attempt to survey the surroundings.
"You ready to report, Clark?" Jackson asks into my earpiece.
"What do you want a report on?" I ask a little passively, looking around the valley and getting used to the landscape, noting its features. "Like, where should I look?"
Jackson laughs a little. "I left you the map, Ari," he says, and I can almost hear him shaking his head. "Look to the red x's where the other camps landed - see if you can see any movement."
"Oh!" I say, realizing that this is –
-
obviously a great idea. I drop the binoculars so that they hang around my neck while I pick up the map, glancing up at the ravine and noting the different places that the teams have landed according to the natural landmarks that I see before me. We're in a relative triangle; our team is on the other side of the ravine from the other two, but we're equidistant between our enemies, in the middle. "Any indication," I murmur to my brother and my mate, "of which of these two teams is more dangerous?" 
###Chapter 0591
"We don't know which is which," Rafe says into my ear, "though obviously knowing which one belongs to Wright is going to be useful. Both teams are going to be sending out runners - scouts - trying to get the lay of the land. Wright will probably use Luca for that. So, if "Why do you think he would he use Luca as a scout?" I ask, curious, laying flat on my belly and using the binoculars to attempt to locate the camp that should be to our south, along the line of our canyon. "Because he's fast as hell," Jackson says into the earpiece, his voice pleased and a bit entertained.
you see Luca coming from the direction of one team or the other, we'll know which camp is which."
"Hey, where's Jesse?" I ask, bright and interested.
"Could we please cut down on the chatter?" says another voice along the line, making me jump. "Some of us are trying to concentrate."
I grimace a bit. I didn't know the rest of the team was on the line with us.
"Watch it, Miller," Rafe snaps, not liking his tone. A beat passes. "But yes, Clark, please concentrate and keep the questions to a minimum. Cadet Sinclair is out of range by now, out on his own mission."
I smirk but do as my brother says, concentrating and attempting to locate any movement in the area around that southern landing space, wondering a little where Jesse is and hoping he'll be okay.
Unfortunately, despite my excitement this morning, the majority of the Game is...boring as hell. I spend the vast majority of my time just looking through the binoculars, scanning the trees, looking for movement. I find that movement pretty fast on both teams, marking down the location of enemy soldiers on my map with the red pen Jackson left for me and relaying the information to Jackson and the team below.
Jackson uses that information to chart the movement of the enemy troops and give advice to Rafe about how he should move, predicting where the other teams might send their soldiers next and setting Rafe up to be on the defense.
As the hours slip by I listen to the chatter over the earpiece, my elbows starting to hurt because of all the time I spend laying on my belly propping up the binoculars.
War is so boring, I say to my wolf, who is laying on her back in my soul with her paws up in the air, her tail idly swishing back and forth.
Yeah, she replies, snapping her jaws at an imaginary fly, let's get up and bite someone.
I smirk at her, shaking my head, but then flinch and refocus my eyes when the tinny sound of paintball guns shooting breaks the air.
"What's happening?" I whisper, unable to help it, even though I know Rafe and Jacks will tell me what I need to know.
"It's not us," Rafe replies, sounding a little smug. "If the other teams were trying to work together to come for ours, then someone just broke."
More sounds break out and then
shouts as well as a great deal of noise and movement directly across the river. I shift my binoculars and begin to tell Rafe and Jackson
precisely what I'm seeing,
monologuing a bit into the earpiece but knowing that I'm their eyes in this situation. As I watch, treport that the teams seem to be in a heated fight with several soldiers on either side taking hits and thus being marked out of the Game. 
As they're hit, the soldiers scowl and slink off into the forest, I guess going back to their bases - I'm not really sure. But by the time the fighting stops, there's only a few left
uf
- and none of them are anyone I
know. 
And each and every one of them turns towards us - or, at least towards where our camp is, directly across the river.
"What's next?" I ask quietly when our line goes silent.
Rafe and Jackson exchange a few
hasty words that I don't understand - speaking in some kind of warrior-track shorthand that I haven't learned. But then Rafe's voice is darkly pleased when he turns his attention back to me. 
"What do you think, Clark?" he says. "Can you make the shot?"
A huge grin spreads out over my face as I finally, finally reach for my gun. "Hell yes I can."
###Chapter 0592
I take a moment to memorize the location of the enemy soldiers before I set my binoculars aside, pulling my gun over to me. When I put myself in position to fire and again look down the scope, I find the soldiers quickly, moving down the ravine towards the river, not bothering to try to be sneaky anymore. I guess since they made a great deal of noise taking out the other team, they know that there's not much point in stealth. No, speed is much more important.
Still, none of it's going to do them any good at this point.
"Any notes?" I ask Rafe and Jackson, centering my scope on the man in the lead.
"Fire at will, Cadet," Rafe says, pride already ringing in his voice.
I smile, take one final moment to aim, and then pull my trigger.
A bright spot of neon blue appears on the chest of the man in the lead. He skitters to a stop and then curses vehemently, punching a fist down towards the ground in his frustration. The men behind him skid to a stop too, trying to process what happened, but I'm already pulling my trigger before they can figure it out, blue splattering across the second man's chest as well.
The three behind him panic, but I'm ready for them, shifting my gaze and my aim a little higher and taking out the man in the back of the line next as he makes a run for the treeline, paint appearing suddenly across his back. This has the effect I wanted, with the last two men nearly tripping over themselves, not knowing who I'm aiming for next and blocked by the man who stops in front of them.
One spins, looking for me across the river, while the other makes a mad dash to the left-
But it's too late. Before either can really process what has happened, I've hit them too.
"Five down," I say, pleasure sweeping through me at my accomplishment and my wolf pouncing victoriously inside me, emitting vicious little yips of joy.
"Nicely done, trouble," Rafe growls. Jackson doesn't say anything, but inwardly I hear his wolf howl his pride. It makes me break into a ridiculous smile, even though I know our job isn't done.
I set my rifle aside, marking the KO of the men on the map before picking up my binoculars again, scanning for more movement.
My earpiece beeps and then Rafe's voice comes back on. "Ariel, what are you seeing?"
"Rafe!" I gasp, horrified at the use of my real name, my binoculars fumbling from my hand.
"I'm alone, dummy, and it's a private channel - just me you and Jacks - just...tell me what you're seeing."
I scowl, thinking that he probably could have divulged that information as soon as he switched, but I scan the treeline ahead of me and report what I see. "Honestly it's quiet, Rafe. Why? What's up?" "It's just fucking weird," Rafe says, thoughtful. "Jacks? Do you feel like this is..."
"No, you're right, Rafe," Jackson says, his voice deep and wary. "It has been way too quiet. There should have been much more action so far."
"What do you think is happening?" I ask, suddenly wary myself.
"No clue. Just...keep us abreast of anything unique you see, Ariel. And if Jackson tells you to get down to the base you go - fast, all right?" ""You got it."
"Switching back to the main terminal," Rafe murmurs, and then the earpiece beeps again.
The time passes slowly after that; and as Rafe said, not much happens. The most interesting bit is when a whole troop of Ambassador cadets appear at the riverside, carrying white flags of peace, moving forward towards us. Lwatch them curiously down my scope as Rafe and Jackson discuss how the third team, captained by two Cadets whose names I don't recognize - invested in a large Ambassador contingent as part of their strategy. 
My mouth falls open when, after a short bit of discussion, Rafe orders me to take them all out.
"What!?" I gasp, horrified. "Rafe! I can't kill the ambassadors!"
"It's not real, Ari," he counters, growling. "Follow your damn orders -"
"But they might come with good terms!"
"We haven't lost a single soldier, Clark," Jackson cuts in, smooth. "They don't have any prisoners and we don't need any supplies. There's nothing to negotiate. Take 'em out." "But-"
"It's an order, Clark," my mate snarls. I smirk a little, liking that tone a little too much for...maybe the wrong reasons, in a battle scenario.
"Yes, sir," I sigh, refocusing my sight
and then quickly taking out all eight
of the ambassadors before me with as many shots. They groan,
frustrated and angry before turning away, back towards their base. 
QUMS
I sigh, reporting my kills before setting my gun aside and picking up my binoculars, listening to Jackson and Rafe talk over the earphones as I scan the walls of the ravine across from me. The earpiece beeps once, letting me know that we're back on the private channel. 
"What's that full count, Jacks?" Rafe asks, sounding worried.
"Ariel's taken out thirteen, including...I think every ambassador except Ben and our guy," he murmurs. "Your team took out three more..." he hesitates, and I can tell that something's wrong.
###Chapter 0593
"Numbers are...fucking off." Rafe growls. "And not a single person from Wright and Blythe's team has made an appearance, except those few across the river that the other team took out." "What are you thinking?" Jacks murmurs.
"I think they're trying to lure us forward," Rafe sighs. "And that if we don't do it, we're going to be out here for hours. They're waiting for night - when Ari's sight and accuracy are going to be way down."
"Wait, seriously?" I ask, going a bit stiff. "We stay out here all night if someone doesn't win?"
"We stay out here until it's done," Jackson informs me, cold.
"Shit," I whisper. But then movement catches my eye, down by the river, and I curse again, going stiff. "Shit, shit!"
"What?" Rafe asks, his voice tense. "Report, Cadet."
"It's fucking Luca," I breathe, refocusing the binoculars and watching as my mate comes to the edge of the river and then - nimble as a leaf on the wind - begins to dodge across it, his feet barely touching rocks and logs before he leaps, about halfway across, into the river itself and begins to wade the rest of the way across.
"Can you get him!?" Rafe barks out.
"I can't shoot Luca!"
"It's a fucking game!"
I snarl but grab my gun, whipping it around so that I peer through the sight, taking aim as fast as I can - but by the time I focus on the area of river that he crossed, all I see is his boot disappearing back between the trees - on our side.
"No, I'm sorry," I say, guilt running through me. "He crossed the river and I lost him in the trees. But he's on our side now."
"All right," Rafe murmurs. "It's something. We'll go and hunt him down. Can you give us a more precise location, Ari?"
I do my best, using the coordinates on the map to report the place where I think Luca went through the trees. Rafe switches back to the main channel and more voices come on as the boys all concentrate on Luca, taking Rafe's advance team down towards the river. But as they do, something shifts behind me.
I snap up from my position, turning, noting the little rock that's rolling across the ground towards me, perfectly innocent.
I stare at it for a long moment, trying to figure out how it got here.
And then I shift my eyes slowly...upwards. To where shadows move along the ridge above me.
"Shit shit shit," I whisper into my headpiece, using my feet to push myself back into the bushes, grabbing my gun and my binoculars and my map as I go. "Rafe, Jacks - they're above us -" "What?" Rafe breathes.
"I don't know who it is," I hiss,
suddenly desperately afraid as I see the shadows growing larger, closer. "But they must have spent the day going the long way around - crossing the river way north gr way south and then trekking along above the top of the ravine." 
"Get the fuck down here, Ariel," Jackson snaps, livid. "Right now."
I make to move but my head snaps to the right when suddenly a bright flare of green lights up across the river and to the south, puffing out into a green cloud. "What's that?" I whisper.
"Get down here!" Jackson barks.
"It's Jesse," Rafe murmurs, sounding confused. "He must be in Wright's camp - but that signal means...all clear? No one's...there..."
My heart begins to pound as I look again towards the growing shadows coming down the ravine towards me.
"Run, Ari!" Jackson barks into the headset. "Fucking run!"
"It's too late!" I whisper, knowing that they're close enough now that if run they hit me easily - and then... don't know what. If it's Wright, and he really does want to hurt me? "I have to hide." en FindNovel
"Ari!" Jackson gasps, desperate. Then a savage snarl rips down the line. "I'm coming up for you!"
"That little sniper's up here," someone says, not twenty feet from me, making my head snap to the left towards the voice. "He's our first priority - take him out first and we'll take the base next."
My hand shakes a little as I raise my
gun to my shoulder, looking down the scope, but realizing as I hear the number of footfalls that it's too much. That even if I do
shoot there's no way I can taal net
out
all of them before they find and swarm me. Because, I mean, if they shoot me it's not like I actually die and slip out of their grasp - 
No, I'd still just be a girl that they'd found all alone in the woods.
And if it's Wright...he could do anything to me.
Still, if I can just stay quiet enough...
I exhale slowly, my hands shaking with adrenaline as the first of the enemy troops steps onto my plateau.
###Chapter 0594
I do my best to keep my breaths quiet and even as two, then three more enemy soldiers move out onto my plateau. I peer at their faces through the leaves of the bushes in which I'm hiding, trying to see if one of them is Wright, if one of their eyes is lit with the violence I saw in him that day - the desire to kill me -
But I don't recognize any of them.
"This would be the perfect spot," the man in the lead says, frowning around the plateau, "to put that sniper. And the angles from the shots taken suggest that this is around the right height."
"He must be here then," the man next to him says, dropping to one knee and peering around. More troops move onto the plateau behind him, likewise looking around, wary. "Spread out everyone. Search."
I inhale a deep breath through my nose, my heart pounding in my chest like I've just run a marathon, watching as the troops spread out, moving closer and closer to me. God, this must be the entire team - there's more than ten of them here, maybe even fifteen. They move closer to me, sweeping around the ground with their guns, noting the footsteps that Jackson and I left when we came up here. Their mood picks up then, their chatter revealing tat they realize that I'm here - or at least, I was.
Terribly, the one closest to me raises his nose to the air, taking in a deep sniff. "No, he's still here," he says, a smile breaking out over his face. "Scent's too fresh. He must be...hiding."
Suddenly the man drops to his knee, his gun aimed directly at the bush that covers me.
I gasp in another breath and, absurdly, press my eyes shut, my hands clinging to my gun, wishing desperately that he can't see me - that I'd just disappear - that I could be safe, and that he couldn't touch me - and that I'd survive - And suddenly - quite suddenly -
The world around me...shifts.
The ground beneath me...sags somehow, becoming pliable, stretching like a net made of thinner and thinner material as the milliseconds pass, until it snaps and I somehow fall...through.
I gasp as I tumble backwards, only air beneath me and I fall -
Fall!
My eyes fly open as I continue to plummet downwards, though I don't know where, or how-
I wasn't that close to the cliff's edge - it's impossible -
But suddenly my back hits, hard, and all of the air goes out of me.
Coughing, gasping, I turn to my side, my rifle still clutched against my chest, my face pressed into the dirt as I try to drag air into my lungs.
It takes a second, but soon oxygen fills my chest and I open my eyes, looking around, knowing that the troops will find me now but...
The only thing that greets me now is silence.
And darkness.
My eyes fly wide as I press one hand down against the sandy dirt, so different from the rocky cliffside that I've been sitting all day. And as press myself up and twist to look around, horror fills me - completely takes over my mind. 
Because it is instantly clear that I am no longer on that cliffside in southern Moon Valley.
That I'm not in Moon Valley at all.
Because in Moon Valley it is day - and here...here it's night.
I begin to pant in my panic as I whip my head around, taking in the desolate landscape with a few scattered, lonely trees growing on softly rolling hills - And beyond those trees...
My eyes go wide when I see a moon
rising round and huge on the
horizon, so close that I can count its craters. And behind it...another moon, smaller, crescent, its sharp edge limned in golden light. And
curving gently beyond that a third. 
Three...three moons...
MS
My wolf pants inside me, confused and disoriented, deep whines of worry echoing from her throat.
The realization that I'm not on earth anymore hits me hard, stealing my breath, but all I can do is stare at those three moons shining above me - the only source of light.
But my eyes widen, unblinking, as a
figure slowly unfurls itself from the
shadows, turning towards me beyond a copse of trees. All I can see is
—
is her outline - the curves of her
waist and hips, the storm of dark curls that fall around her shoulders... 
###Chapter 0595
But she turns to me, and tilts her head to the side, curious.
My whole body starts to shake as I gasp in a desperate breath and clutch my stupid paintball rifle to my chest, scared and confused and frantic to go back home. Because I have absolutely no idea where I am, or how I got here, or what's happening on the battlefield I just left. In my heart only one truth echoes - that I want to get out of here - that I want to go home -
Suddenly, it happens again.
The world tilts, and I fall, but my back doesn't hit the ground behind me. I open my mouth to scream but no words come out as I seem to echo through time and space - traveling through the darkness - through the void -
Until suddenly my backside hits the ground, hard, and my eyes fly open, and - panting - I realize that...that I'm back.
That I'm under the bush, with my rifle clutched in my arms.
I whip my head to the left, where voices echo. "Sniper must have gone down," says a man as cadets filter ahead of him down the little path towards our base. "I found this map and these binoculars, though I don't know why he would have left them behind -"
And I don't stop to think as I quickly raise my gun to my shoulder and - not even using the sight, they're too close-pound out two shots at the men standing before me.
Because despite it all - I have not forgotten that Jackson is coming up that path for me right now.
And if they're heading down towards him, I am not going to let him face sixteen men on his own. The two men gasp as bright blue paint splashes on their uniform, their heads twisting to me. "How the fuck did he -"
"No, I checked that bush - he wasn't there -"
But I'm already on my feet, pounding past them, ignoring them, stumbling towards the path downwards where shouts are already echoing and the sound of gunfire breaks out.
My breath ragged in my chest, I
push away all thoughts of what just
happened of falling through the
fabric of the world, of going somewhere completely else - and instead focus on the line of enemy troops ahead of me. 
Jackson's at the head of them, a dulled blade in one hand and a pistol in the other, getting too close for them to shoot. So I start at the back of the line, taking out eleven men in rapid succession - lined up for me as they are in a neat little row
on
their way down the cavern face. 
When I take aim at the twelfth, he turns towards me with a scowl, the blue paint splashed across his chest revealing that Jackson already got him. Frantic, I spin, looking around for more - .
But the only person I face is the first man I shot, his arms crossed, glaring at me.
"You can give it up," he snaps, his mouth twisted in anger. "You got us all."
"Which is what you would say," I growl, still looking behind him and up and down the cliffside - searching anywhere, everywhere for Wright. "Which team are you on!?"
"You don't even fucking know me!?"
I turn my glare back at the man with the crossed arms. "Why the fuck would I know you?" I growl.
"Because I'm Bill Heggardy," he says, sneering at me and shaking his head. "I tried to fucking draft you - and you don't even know who I am?"
My mouth falls open a bit as I stare at him because...I mean, I don't recognize the name. But Bill Heggardy - it's not Wright, or Blythe. Which means...the third team...
"Ari!" Jackson gasps, stumbling out
onto the plateau and rushing to my side. He sends a glance at Bill and the man standing next to him and even though his hands shake at the restraint, he refrains from grabbing me close to his chest like he wants
té "Are are you all right, Clark?"
—
###Chapter 0596
"Um," I say, looking up at him and tucking a strand of my hair back behind my ears. "I think so? I think I killed them...all..." "He did," Heggardy says, bitter, and Jackson snaps his head to him. "That was the end of my team. How the fuck did he do that?" "Do what?" Jackson asks.
"How did he hide like that - we searched this entire plateau for him," Heggardy says, spreading out a hand to encompass the entire place. "We even got his binoculars and his map - but he was...nowhere. Did you like, hang off the side of the cliff or something, kid?" I pause for a second, not knowing what to say, or even how explain where I really went.
But this means...
God, I didn't imagine it, did I?
Somehow...somehow I really did go somewhere else.
"Um," I say, a little awkward, edging closer to Jacks. "I'm just...small. I...can hide."
"I guess so," Heggardy says, heaving a sigh and heading for the path. "Come on, this was the end of my team - the Games are over, I guess. Unless Wright has anyone left."
"Really?" I ask, looking up at Jackson, confused and shocked as Heggardy and the other Cadet move down the narrow path.
"Yeah," Jackson says, looking down at me with a little smile on his lips and an incredible rush of pride surging down the bond. "Luca was the only one left on Wright's team but he just surrendered." Jackson cocks his head at me with a frown. "How do you not know that?" he reaches up and taps at his earpiece.
I reach up for my own, taking it off and peering at it, seeing that the little green light is off. "Guess it...broke."
"Hey," Jackson says, curling a finger under my chin and tipping my face up towards him. "The Ari I know would be crowing his victory, flipping out. And you're all quiet."
My body sags and my lip trembles as I look up at my make, shaking my head, not knowing what to say and completely unable to contain my fear anymore. Because - what happened to me? Where did I go?
"Ariel," Jackson whispers, grabbing me to him, wrapping me tight in his arms and looking around frantically for something wrong. "What happened?"
"I can't tell you here Jacks," I
whisper, wrapping my arms around his waist, my whole body shaking, now as loose my control, as I let
the fear I've been holding basket
sweep through me, let Jacks protect me "But I was so, so scared."
"Of those guys?" he asks, petting a hand over my head. "Ari, it was a game and it wasn't Wright's team - you can relax - you were never in danger."
But I just cling to him for a long time, not saying anything.
Because how do you explain to your mate that you somehow fell into a different world - a world of darkness, with three moons?
And that now that I'm back, now that I'm safe in his arms, I can take a minute to realize that the darkness that has been curling inside me for days...felt at home there. What the fuck just happened to me?
I have no words for it. I just tuck my head against Jackson, holding him tight, focusing on my breathing.
"Come on, Clark," he whispers to me after a long few minutes - actually, maybe longer than that. I don't know I kind of... lost track of time. "Let's get you home, get some food into you."
"Not hungry," I murmur into his shirt, not wanting to move or face reality. Just wanting to stay here in his arms.
"Well, you're going to let me feed you," he murmurs, turning me with him towards the little trail that leads down the cliffside. "Because you're really freaking me out right now, and I don't know what else to do. Come on. Your mom called ahead and made sure the kitchens stocked up on strawberry ice cream." 
"Really?" I whisper, looking up at him for the first time, a tremulous little smile crossing my lips.
"Yeah," he says, smiling down at me and softly stroking my cheek. "Let's go get you a bowl."
"Okay," I whisper. And slowly and carefully, Jackson leads me down the little path to the basecamp and the waiting helicopter. We climb inside, the final two, and soon after the chopper lifts us into the air and takes us home. Back at the room, Jackson takes immediate charge.
Rafe obviously knew something was
up with me the whole ride home since my spirits were down and I spent the entire trip leaning hard against Jackson, not saying much when should be celebrating my victory. And when we get back to the room and not much has changed, Jesse likewise notices the second I come through the door.
"What - what's wrong with her?" he asks, dropping the streamers he was ready to throw in the air to celebrate our collective victory. "What happened?"
"She's fine," Jackson snaps, keeping an arm around me and leading me across the room.
"She's not fine," Rafe barks out behind us. "Something happened, Jess, and neither of those two assholes will tell me what -"
###Chapter 0597
"Ice cream," Jackson growls, turning to glare at my brother and my cousin as soon as we get to the bathroom door. "Strawberry. Now. She's taking a shower, and then she's going to take whatever time she needs, and then she'll tell you if she wants to."
Rafe growls his discontent, but spins away towards the dumbwaiter to put in the order as Jesse just gapes at us.
But I don't say anything, letting Jackson take control and lead me into the bathroom where he immediately turns on the shower, hot and steamy just how I like it. Then, quite gently, he takes off my cap and tosses it aside, deftly unbraiding my hair so that it falls around my shoulders.
I keep my eyes on him, my face turned up to his, as he turns his attention next to my muddy clothes, quickly tugging the shirt up over my head and then kneeling down at my feet to untie and tug off my boots. He sets this all aside and then undoes my belt, unbuttoning my pants and slipping them down my legs, holding them steady at the floor so that I can step out of them.
A little smile starts on my lips as I look down at my perfect mate, being so incredibly sweet to me right now. Because none of this is sexual - he's just doing everything he knows to clean me up and make me feel better.
He stands, tugging off his own shirt and tossing it to the ground before flicking his eyes over my bra and boy-short underwear. "You want those on?" he asks, raising an eyebrow at me. "I don't want you to feel like -"
But I just shake my head, crossing my arms over my chest and tugging my bra off, tossing it aside onto the pile of dirty clothes.
Jackson gives me a small smile, holding my eyes with his, and then wraps a gentle arm around my waist, tugging me close for a second. He presses a simple kiss to my mouth, warm and pleased, and then gives me a little push towards the streaming water. "In," he orders.
I turn towards the shower, pushing my panties down and walking out of them as I enter the steamy flow of water, exhaling a long breath as I let it pound down around me.
Jackson joins me a moment later, wrapping his arms around me, pulling me closely against his chest. And we stay like that for longer than we probably should.
Something about it, though - about the pounding nothingness of the sound all around me, about the warm solidness of his body next to mine...brings me back to myself. Reminds me that I'm home, and I'm safe, and that even if I don't understand what happened...I did come back. And that no matter what it is... Jackson will help me figure it out.
I exhale a long breath and straighten up, lifting my chin. Jacks takes this for the signal that it is - that I'm ready to move on, and he reaches for the shampoo, handing it to me as he grabs the soap. We shower quickly then, sharing the materials, helping each other - though still, none of it is sexual, even if it is
incredibly intimate. 
I smirk, as I turn, and see that he's still wearing his own underwear, which is soaked through now. I raise my eyes to him, quirking a brow.
He laughs, giving me a little shove. "I didn't want you to think I was...taking advantage of you or something. That I was enjoying myself or something while you were so upset."
"You're very sweet," I say, leaning against him and smiling up into his face.
"Yeah, well," he sighs, pressing a kiss to my wet forehead. "You'd better get out of this water and dressed before I stop being so sweet and start taking advantage. There's only so much I can resist."
I laugh, stepping away from him and
quickly conditioning my hair before stepping out of the shower and starting to towel off. I grin as Jackson turns the water to a starkly cold setting and stands beneath it for a moment. When a knock comes at the door, I hurry over to it, peeking through and grinning when I see that it's Jesse there with a big bowl of ice cream balanced over two uniforms in one hand, his other hand slapped across his eyes. 
"I want to know no details," he murmurs, holding them out to me. "I am merely the delivery boy."
"Thank you!" I say, my voice more chipper than thought it would be, taking the supplies from him and swiftly kicking the door shut. When I turn back into the room, Jackson has a towel wrapped around his
waist and is using another to dry his
hair, looking at me curiously.
I pout a little, sad that he got all covered up the moment I started feeling better. He smirks at me, nodding to the closed toilet. "Sit," he commands. "Eat. Talk."
I do as I'm told, perching on the closed toilet and lifting a big spoonful of ice cream to my mouth, savoring the sweetness of it on my tongue.
And then I swallow and begin to tell my mate everything.
###Chapter 0598
the woman I saw by the trees. How the darkness in me rejoiced to be there.
The telling takes a while, but luckily the bowl of ice cream is big. I finish summarizing what happened to Jackson - what it felt like to fall out of this world, how I landed flat on my back in the other, what it looked like - that desolate space with the three looming moons - and When there's a single bite of ice cream left, I sigh and hold out the bowl to Jackson, who takes it and scoops the last sweet spoonful into his mouth, clearly thinking over everything I said. I wait patiently, folded up in my towel, sitting primly on the closed toilet. "And you think you...really went there?" he asks, looking at me seriously as he lets the bowl and the spoon hang at his side in his hand. "Not that you just went like... in your mind?"
"I think I was really there," I say, nodding to him. "Not only did it knock the wind out of me when I... landed, or whatever. But they searched the whole plateau for me - they had my binoculars and the map, and those were right next to me before I fell through. They would have found me had I physically been there."
"But you kept the gun?" he asks, his face scrunching as he puts the facts together.
I nod. "I was holding that tight. But the earpiece went with me, and it broke."
Jackson exhales, looking to the side, puzzling it out even as he holds a hand out towards me, wanting me close. I take it and he pulls me to my feet and closer to him, pressing me warm against his bare chest. I rest my cheek against him with a sigh, loving him quite desperately in this little moment.
"What do you think it is?" I whisper.
"Do you want to know what I think now?" he asks. "Or...after the party, when we have more time to talk?"
"Now, please," I murmur, letting my eyes drift shut. "And then more talking, after the party."
"I think it's your gift, Ari," Jackson says, quite plainly. I look up at him, surprised. "The one the God of Darkness gave to you. Isn't that what he said that day, in the room?"
My eyes go wide then as I remember it. "Come and find me when you are of need," I whisper, shaking my head, wondering how I didn't put this all together.
"And you wanted to go somewhere else, right?" Jackson whispers. "Needed to get out of there - asked for a path. And the gift...worked. He pulled you into his world." "His world?" I ask, looking up at him with wide eyes.
"The World of Darkness, territory of the God of Darkness?" Jackson waits for me to catch up with him. "Where there's... three moons and it's always night?"
My mouth falls open just a little bit. "What are you talking about?"
Jackson's face bursts into a grin. "Ari, your grandmother is the Goddess - how do you know so little about religion?"
"I know stuff!" I growl, giving his chest a smack. "About like...Goddess stuff!"
He laughs, tugging me tight again, still shaking his head at me.
"Well how do you know so much?" I growl.
"Because we've been studying
Atalaxia," he says, smiling softly at me, "and they're pretty serious about worshipping him. And..." he hesitates for a second and then shrugs. "The Community was....not a super religious place, but what I learned about religion was definitely about the God of Darkness - not the Goddess." 
"Plus one of his kids did give you a gift," I say, twisting my mouth as I look up at my mate. "What are you, some sort of dark acolyte?"
"Not as much as you, with your little pilgrimage to the Dark Territory," he says, giving me a smirk. But even though that comment would have sent me into a panic half an hour ago, I grin now, laughing up at him.
"The good news, if I'm right about all of this," he murmurs, petting my cheek with the back of his hand, "is that it's your gift. You control it, I think. Can...go there and come back at will."
Jackson - he always makes it better. Makes me feel so safe.
I shudder a little. "I never want to go there again."
"Don't have to," he says, smiling down at me. "Because you're in control."
I let out a long woosh of breath, letting my head fall for a second, thinking it through and checking in on that whirt of darkness at the center of me now. And as I
remember what happened – wishing to go somewhere else, wishing to return I realize that
-
Jackson's...right. At least about this
part. That I'm not going to get sucked back there at random - that I'd have to call for it. 
"Thanks," I whisper, resting my forehead against him. "That does help."
"Good," he says, his arms loose around me, standing strong for my sake. We stay that way for awhile, just relaxing. “So, do you want to go to the party?" he asks, turning towards the door where we start to hear more voices. 
###Chapter 0599
"Do you?" I ask, grinning up at him, sort of surprised to see Jackson wanting to go to a social occasion.
"Oh, I'm happy to stay in here," he says, giving me a broad grin. "Alone with you. We can turn the water back on, or get in the tub..."
I grin up at him, shaking my head. "Don't tempt me, McClintock. Next time I get you naked in the shower and I'm not all traumatized from falling into an alternate realm ruled by darkness, I am going to take advantage of the situation."
"That's my girl," he growls, dipping his head to give me a fierce kiss that he breaks far too soon. "But come on - we should go out there," he says, giving me a smart smack on the ass that makes me yelp in surprise and then laugh. "The others are going to want to see that you're okay, and then they're going to want to celebrate you."
"Celebrate me?" I ask, standing a little straighter, liking this idea very much.
"Yeah, Ariel," Jackson says, smiling at me and looking...far too gorgeous as he does it, all damp and half-naked and kind. "I don't know the final tallies but...I think you may have won today."
"But we all won," I say, turning my head to the side, not understanding.
"Our team won," he says, giving me a wink and reaching for his pile of clean clothes. "But there were individual tallies too. Don't you want to know how your performance stood up to everyone else?"
My competitive streak flares in me and I immediately dart for my clothes. "Hell yes I want to know!"
I get dressed faster than I ever have in my life, Jackson laughing warm beside me.
"Did I get it?" I gasp, stumbling out of the bathroom and still buttoning the top button of my shirt. "Did I win!?"
Jesse beams at me from his spot on the couch with Daphne at his side. Her own face breaks into a smile when she sees me, her hands anxiously clasped in her lap. "Results aren't in yet," Jesse says, the relief to see that I'm back to my usual self clear in the crinkle of his eyes. "They're -"
But Rafe storms over to us, blocking Jesse's sightline and taking me by the shoulders. "Are you fucking all right?"
"I'm fine!" I say, smiling up into his face. "I promise, I'm sorry -"
He groans, pulling me to him and wrapping me in a tight hug. "You had me so worried, Ariel," he murmurs, rocking me back and forth. "You were like, shell-shocked the whole ride home, I was scared you had a mental break -"
"I just needed a minute," I assure him, patting my brother on the back. "I'll explain it all later." I pull back a bit, sending a glance towards the door, not wanting to bring more attention to what happened than necessary.
Rafe sighs and nods to me before shifting his gaze to Jackson. "Seriously, she's good?"
Jackson opens his mouth to
confirm that I am but before he can I give Rafe a hearty smack on the chest. "I just told you I was," I growl. "You don't need to confirm it with a man to know it's right." 
Then I pull away from him, wanting to go say hello to Daphne. Behind me, I hear Jackson murmur something to Rafe about strawberry ice cream being the right medicine, but troll my eyes and ignore them, plopping down next to my friend and giving her a big hug.
"Congratulations!" she says, hugging me back with a laugh. "I heard you played a big role in the victory today."
"Yes, I'm very murderous," I say with a happy sigh, letting her go and leaning across her to give Jesse a hug too. "Hello, I missed you! How was your day, did you kill anyone?"
"No one, isn't that a bummer?" he
says, shaking his head at me as b frown and take my seat again. "By the time I got to Wright's camp it was a wasteland - everyone was gone." 
"What?" I ask, completely baffled. "What on earth happened?"
Jesse gives a hearty shrug but then the door opens and three people stumble in, laughing, just as the dumbwaiter bell rings.
"Results are in!" Ben calls, waving a couple of sheets of paper over his head and laughing as he beams around the room at us, Luca and Tony coming in after.
"Let me see!" I gasp, jumping up and dashing for him. "Who came in tops!?"
"Let's just say it was a Games that favored the dark horses," Ben says, laughing and grinning as he hands me a sheet.
I grab it and gasp because the name at the top of the list -
It's not mine.
And it's certainly no one I expected.
"Tony!?" I breathe, whipping my head up to gape at him.
###Chapter 0600
Tony smirks at me and sketches out a deep bow. "Your highness," he murmurs. "Your utter shock is both offensive and gratifying at once. I thank you for it."
I laugh and stumble towards him, throwing my arms around his neck and giving him a big hug. "That is amazing!" I gasp. "How did you do that!?"
Tony wraps his arms tight around me for a moment and gives me a quick, laughing spin before putting me back on my feet.
"Oh, you know," Tony says with a casual shrug, ignoring the fact that Luca reaches for me when I'm back on the ground, wrapping a hand around my upper arm and giving me a jealous little tug towards him. I grin up at my mate, wrinkling my nose, liking him jealous but knowing that it's totally unnecessary. "Just...clever footwork," Tony continues, "Right place at the right time. That sort of stuff."
"Oh, whatever," Rafe says, coming over to us while Jesse and Daphne head to the dumbwaiter. Ben passes out copies of the ranking list and we all bend our heads over it. "Seriously, Tony, you killed...1/3 of the people on the field! How the fuck did you manage that?" "And Ariel basically got another third," Tony says, grinning at me and evading the question as he taps at my name on the list in my hand, showing me that it's listed just below his with a very gratifying gold medal printed next to it. "Well done, princess." "Thank you," I say, glancing up at him and preening. But then I cock my head to the side. "But why did I get the gold medal and not you? And why does yours say..." I lean closer, peering at the tiny print, "DQ-FF?"
"Because," Luca says, slipping an arm around my shoulders and turning me away towards the living room, smirking at Tony as he does. "What he's not telling you is that he wantonly murdered our nearly our entire team the second we set foot on the ground." A delicious gasp bursts through the room and Tony's face bursts into a wild, self-pleased grin as we all walk over to the living room area, where Jesse and Daphne are laying out a series of delicious-smelling trays.
"Oh my god," Jesse says, standing straight and beaming at Tony, clearly delighted, "that's why there was no one in Wright's camp when I got there!"
"I didn't kill everyone," Tony says, standing in front of the coffee table and running a bashful hand through his hair. "A couple escaped, and I let Luca survive."
"You killed me!" Ben says, laughing.
"Yeah, you were an accident," Tony says, turning towards him with a little grimace. "I got a little trigger happy. Sorry man." Ben gives him a smile and a little shrug, showing him that there's no harm done.
"No seriously, though," Luca says, looking Tony up and down with a slight air of reverence. "You guys should have seen it - it was...impressive. I've never seen someone rapid fire like that - half the team was dead before anyone even knew what was going on."
"But why?" I ask, mildly breathless,
sinking down onto the couch next to Daphne as Luca settles himself on the arm next to me and Jesse and Rafe move to their armchairs. Ben and Jackson sit on the floor on the other side of the coffee table and Tony follows suit. I toss him a throw pillow, wanting our newest guest to
be comfortable. 
"Because," Tony says, catching the pillow and sending me a wink before tucking it beneath him, "a certain Princess said she'd owe me a favor if I killed Wright. I figured I'd just take out the entire team, see if I could get two."
"You did it for me!?" I squeak, delighted, pressing my hands to my chest as I beam at my friend, a huge smile spreading across my face.
"Oh, come on," Tony says, giving me a smirk and leaning back on his hands, "men have done a lot more for a smile like that."
I burst out laughing as Luca growls, letting Tony know to back off the charm a little bit. Next to Tony Jackson just smirks, not caring if Tony pretends to hit on me. There's nothing there romantically between us and we all know it. Luca, I'm sure, will catch up in time.
"Wait, then who took you out in the end?" Jesse asks, shaking his head in a bit of awe.
"Suicide, baby!" Tony says, pointing at himself and laughing. "I wasn't sticking around waiting for one of you three hunt me down - I came back to the Castle and spent the afternoon relaxing." He looks down at his arms and begins to roll up one of his sleeves. "Laid out in the sun, worked on my tan." 
I nod appreciatively, noting that he does look like he got some sun. Luca narrows his eyes at me, not liking at all that I'm looking. I just laugh and smack him on the knee.
"Seriously," Rafe says, leaning forward towards Tony with a grin. "Beyond just being nice to Ariel - why'd you do it?"
"Because Wright's a dick!" Tony
says, smirking and snatching a big
chocolate chip cookie from the table. He focuses his eyes on me. "We all know what he did to you at the Examination, Ari- and trust me when I say that the vast majority of Cadets think he shouldn't have been allowed back. He deserves every bad thing that comes his way, big loser bully." 
###Chapter 0601
I beam again at my friend, sitting back against the couch with a gratified sigh. "Good, I'm glad you won," I say, nestling back into the pillows. "And I hope Wright is stinking mad about it."
"Oh, I didn't win," Tony says, taking a big bite of his cookie. "You did. I got disqualified for friendly fire."
"Oh," I say, my eyes going wide as DQFF suddenly makes sense. "Really!?" I gasp, delighted. "I won!?"
A big cheer goes up in the room and I laugh, delighted as Luca bends down and opens his bookbag, pulling out not his homework - as I expected - but two bottles of whiskey and some tiny paper cups that he begins to fill and pass around. "Luca!" I gasp as everyone cheers again at the sight of the liquor. "This is contraband -"
"Oh, no one's checking," he says, laughing and handing me a little cup. "Besides, we deserve to celebrate! To Ari, champion of the day!"
Everyone begins to cheer again but I shout out to stop and raise my glass to Tony instead, insisting he take the honor. The cheer goes around and I give my friend a wink as we both salute each other and take deep sips from our cup. And as we lock eyes, I hope he understands that I really do owe him that favor. He nods deeply, letting me know that he accepts it and that he'll call it in, whenever he's ready.
"Wait, Tony," Ben says, laughing and leaning forward towards him. "Aren't you afraid of the consequences of this?"
"What consequences?" Tony asks, putting his empty cup back on the table with a shrug.
Jesse just shakes his head at him. "Our professors value loyalty and trustworthiness above all things - it's not going to look good on your record, if you've got a history of defying your Commander and killing your comrades, even in a mock battle like this."
"Ah," Tony says, closing one eye and peering devilishly at Jesse. "See, that's where your mistaken, Sinclair - because your professors value loyalty and trustworthiness. Mine, however..." he shrugs. "Value a different set of equally admirable qualities in a Cadet." "Tony," Rafe says, leaning towards him, curious. "What are you talking about? What track are you?"
"I'm sort of... between tracks." Tony says cagily, though he's unable to keep the smile from twitching at his lips. "No big deal. Let's talk about Ari instead - so did you snipe all of those Cadets or -"
"No way," Jesse interrupts, grinning at him and shaking his head. "We've got the three tracks of the Academy represented here," Jesse continues, pointing at Ben, and then me, and then around at all the warriors in the room. "And you're not in any of our classes but magic. So? What do you do all day?"
Tony just shrugs, clearly pleased that we don't know his secret and not planning to give anything away.
Which is why it's a surprise when Daphne breaks the silence with her low, throaty laugh.
All eyes turn to her.
"You think you're so clever," she
says, leaning back against the couch cushions and grinning at Tony as she crosses her arms over her chest. "You've got all of them
fooled," she says, gesturing around
the room at the rest of us,
"but
you
didn't count on me, did you?"
Tony's grin deepens as he flicks his gaze to Daphne, perhaps for the first time. "And who the hell are you, gorgeous?"
Rafe and Jesse go rigid in their chairs.
"Oh, I'm no one," Daphne says, her grin matching Tony's as she leans forward, her shining blue eyes locked on Tony's grey ones.
"Just you know, the person who net
sewed all of those little secret pockets into your uniform, stitch by stitch." 
Tony's mouth drops open as he gapes at her in delight. "No way," he whispers.
"Yup," she says, her grin deepening as she flicks @ finger at him, pointing directly at all of the places where I we can now assume that she's done some extra work on his clothes "Which is how I know that you're a member of the very elusive, very secret fourth track here at the
Academy." 
Tony sighs and shakes his head at Daphne, even as he smiles at her, clearly impressed. "Well go on," he says, raising a hand towards her in invitation. "You earned it, lady detective - go ahead and spill."
"I don't know," Daphne says, taking a deep and satisfied breath, "I would think there were some consequences for outing a secret... assassin."
A collective gasp goes through the room as we all snap our heads towards Tony, delighted and shocked.
Tony's shakes his head at Daphne and heaves a sigh. "Damn it, it's always the pretty ones who break your heart and spill your secrets."
Daphne grins back at him, I think thrilled to have figured it out, but my eyes shift to Rafe and Jesse, who both sit back in their chairs and narrow their eyes.
###Chapter 0602
"Wait, seriously?" Ben asks, leaning forward and giving Tony a friendly shove on the shoulder. "I thought assassin track was a myth!"
"You're supposed to think it's a myth!" Tony says, laughing and turning towards Ben. "That's how it stays a secret." "Wait, so, what do you do all day?" I ask, leaning forward towards him, fascinated. "You just learn to...kill people?"
"It's like being somewhere between Warrior and Espionage," he says, turning his eyes back to me, "but with less studying and more fighting. After all, you're being trained to sneak into places and steal information; I'm just trained to sneak in and kill." "And should we be worried about that?" Rafe says, folding his arms across his chest and further narrowing his eyes at Tony. "An assassin in our midst?"
"Nah, I'm a patriot," Tony says, turning to Rafe with a shrug. "I'm on your side - you can check with the Captain if you want. They put me through all kinds of interrogation and personality tests before teaching me how to sneak around with a dozen knives hidden on my person."
"A dozen?" Jackson asks, turning to Tony with surprise and letting his eyes slip over his person, clearly wondering where they all are.
"He's only got pockets for ten," Daphne says, dry.
"Hey, I can put two in one pocket," Tony says, laughing and grinning her way.
I turn and smile at Daphne, sitting up straight. "Can you put some in my uniform?"
"Sure," she says, laughing with a shrug. "That will be fun - and in your other clothes too, for when you're a spy out in the world."
Conversation loosens then, breaking out into smaller groups as Daphne and I discuss possibilities for hidden pockets in ballgowns. The boys pour over the results a little bit more, going over the fine details of the rap sheet, and we all eat the mountains of food on the coffee table and that keep coming up in the dumbwaiter. Luca keeps all of our little paper cups liberally filled with whiskey and the evening passes warmly, with lots of laughter and celebration.
A little later in the evening I light the fire, standing up and grinning at the little flame that I lit all by myself, without Jackson's power bolstering me. I sigh happily, looking around at my friends sprawled about in little groups, talking. Rafe and Daphne are on the couch, having a friendly chat, while the rest of the boys gather on the floor talking about...whatever the hell boys talk about. Luca separates himself from the group and comes over to me by the fireplace, bringing the bottle of whiskey and pouring a little more into the cup I raise up to him. 
"Very proud of you," he says, slipping an arm around my shoulder, giving me a squeeze.
"I'm proud of you too!" I say, grinning up at him. "I saw the details, you know, and even though everyone's making a fuss out of me and Tony getting the most kills you crossed the largest amount of distance in the fastest time." "Yes," he says, fighting his proud smile and tightening his arm. "I am fast, like lightning."
"Like a gazelle," I sigh, leaning against him.
"Gazelle...that's not sexy," he murmurs, and I laugh when I look up, seeing him frown. "I'd rather be lightning."
"Lightning's not sexy either," I say, waving a hand to dismiss the point. "But, I'm proud of you. I mean, yours actually took skill - I just laid on my belly and let the rifle do its work."
"Ah, don't do that, gorgeous," Luca
says, planting a little kiss on the side of my head.. send a little anxious glance Jackson's way, knowing that we promised these displays of affection wouldn't happen, but his back is turned so...I guess it's all right. 
"What do you mean?" I ask, frowning up at my mate.
"I mean that you're underplaying your skill," he says, shaking his head at me. "You've been working your ass off getting good at that rifle, and you're naturally a good shot. None of the rest of us could have done that. So accept the praise, and the
ranking. You earned it, top girl."
I blush a little, looking down at my cup, quite pleased at the idea. "Thanks, Luca," I say, chuffed and happy.
"No problem, fancy little shrimp." The dumbwaiter bell rings again - honestly, what else could it be? Luca hands me the bottle of whiskey. "Here, you take this - I'll check on that."
###Chapter 0603
I do as he says, holding the whiskey bottle as he walks away, letting my eyes lightly drift over his rather stunning form as I do. Luca he is...well. When he walks like that, it's very difficult to take your eyes away.
Ben turns towards me and gives Tony a nudge, nodding my way. Tony nods eagerly and gets up with Ben, both grabbing their whiskey cups and coming over to me.
"Are we offering refills, highness?" Ben asks, leaning against the fireplace next to me and holding his cup out.
"Only in exchange for pledges of lifelong loyalty," I say with a haughty sigh. He laughs and offers his cup, accepting my terms, so I fill it. Tony does the same, leaning against the mantle with one hand and looking out towards our friends. "Good little club you've got going here," he murmurs, looking around at everyone. "Very cozy and high spirited group, isn't it?"
"Yeah," I say with a happy sigh, looking around at them all. "Good looking, too."
Tony flashes a grin at me and nods.
"Speaking of which," Ben says, lowering his voice and leaning in conspiratorially, even as he keeps his eyes on Tony. "You're going to want to keep an eye on how much you hit on Daphne around Rafe. I mean, I know it's all in good fun, but..."
"Are they like, together?" Tony asks, peering over at my brother and Daphne who are still chatting idly, if not a little awkwardly.
"She dumped him," I say on a sigh, making Tony snap his head back to me, his eyebrows raised. "And he is...not over it." "Look how hard he's trying," Ben says on a sigh, shaking his head. "It's just...I don't think the chemistry is there between them." "Bummer," Tony murmurs, nodding along.
"So, yeah," Ben continues, looking back at Tony again. "Unless you want to incur some Sinclair wrath..."
"Oh, nah, it's no big deal," Tony says with a grin. "I was just having fun with it - it's been awhile since I was around a pretty girl and -"
I huff in protest, standing up straight, making Tony burst out laughing and give me a friendly little shove.
"I didn't mean it like that, Ari," he
says, shaking his head at me, "you're a whole different category of forbidden. Though don't think I'm not enjoying the way Luca Grant reacts every time I do this." He slips an arm around my shoulders and Luca, true to form, does indeed narrow his eyes at Tony, his teeth flashing as he makes his second trip back from the dumbwaiter with a couple of gallons of ice cream on a tray in his hands. 
Ben and I laugh along with Tony, who drops his arm from my shoulders and gives me a wink. "Wait, but," I say, frowning up at my lanky, dark-haired friend. "You don't think Daphne is cute?"
"I think she's beautiful," Tony says, looking down at me, quite serious. "But, like you, she's way too nice."
I squeak in protest, pressing a hand to my heart before I realize that that...may have been a compliment. "Excuse you, Davis," I growl, giving him a tiny shove. "I am very murderous and cruel."
"Yeah right, Ariel, you're a doll," he says with a smirk. I turn my shocked expression to Ben, who gives a sad little shrug of confirmation.
"What's wrong with being nice!?" I protest.
"Nothing," Tony says, beaming at me. "I just like 'em mean. Adds a level of spice to the relationship I'm just not interested if I'm not half worried that she's going to bite my head off." en FindNovel
I laugh, leaning back against the stones of my fireplace and smiling between my two friends. "Well then Daphne's out, lucky for Rafe," I say with a happy sigh, looking back towards the group. "Because she's a doff too." 
"Lucky girl," Tony murmurs, taking a long sip of his whiskey. "Though I'm not sure Rafe is the only Sinclair she needs to worry about."
I whip my head up to Tony, wondering if he can have already intuited in a single evening what I've been suspecting for a long time.
Ben catches my eye and gives me a smirk, letting me know that he thinks that Tony probably has.
###Chapter 0604
A few hours later, Daphne's face cracks into a wide yawn and Jesse, sitting next to her on the couch, reaches out and pats her knee.
"Come on, lady detective," he says, getting to his feet and offering a hand. "Let's get you to bed."
"The party's not done though," she protests, yawning again as she casts a hand out to where the rest of the group is lounging around the room, the conversation now quieter, more subdued.
"Oh, it will be done as soon as Ariel finally falls asleep into that eighth bowl of ice cream," Jesse murmurs, gesturing over at where his cousin's head is nodding, her finger slipping away from the spoon. "Which will be in about eight seconds." Daphne laughs and takes Jesse's hand. He turns to her at the touch, giving her a brilliant smile and pulling her to her feet.
"You know I don't need an escort," Daphne says, smoothing her hands down over her skirts. "I can make it downstairs by myself - no one bothers me."
"Oh, come on," Jesse says, reaching his hands high above his head and fighting his own yawn. "Give me a chance to stretch these long-ass legs."
"Are they long?" Daphne asks, looking curiously down at Jesse's lower half and then bursting into a blush when he laughs, realizing she might have been rude.
"Yes, they're long," he says, starting towards the door and gesturing for her to follow. "The rest of the Sinclairs are all long and muscled torso, but my mother gave me these damn stilts. I'm like a crane."
Daphne laughs softly, grinning and following Jesse to the door. Calls of goodbye and goodnight follow them towards the door and Daphne waves over her shoulder, taking particular care to meet Rafe's eyes - his rather sad gaze as he, too, waves after her. The hallway is quiet as the two make their way down it, their shoes echoing off the stone. "Did you have a good night?" Jesse asks, smiling softly down at Daphne as they wind their way down the stairs, his hands tucked neatly behind his back.
"I did," she says, looking up at him. "I was excited for Ariel and..." she hesitates for a second, looking down at her feet, "glad to see Rafe again. I...want to be friends."
Jesse makes a soft noise in the back of his throat, understanding.
They walk a few more feet in silence, Jesse giving Daphne her space, before she suddenly goes still, a little "oh!" escapes her mouth.
"What?" Jesse asks, turning back towards her at the bottom of the stairs. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing!" she says, her hands moving up to cover her mouth as she closes the few steps between them, her expression guilty. "I just - I totally forgot! I wanted to congratulate you on developing your magic!" Jesse's face bursts into a wide smile. "Ariel couldn't keep her mouth shut about that, could she?"
Daphne grins back at him, dropping her hand from her mouth. "Was it a secret? She's just very proud of you, Jess. Knew I'd be too."
"You're proud of me?" he asks, his smile growing bashful.
Daphne nods, deep and slow, tucking her own hands behind her back. "Will you show me what it does?"
"Um," Jesse says, running a hand through his hair and looking around. "Yeah, sure...come...come over here."
Impulsively, he grabs Daphne's hand and tugs her down the hall after him. She laughs, eagerly following, and is surprised when they reach a window seat tucked into a corner next to a tower staircase. "Oh, I didn't know this was here..."
"I've passed it a few times," Jesse says, sitting down sideways and patting the other side of the long cushion before him, moonlight
streaming in through the glass net
panes on his right. "There's always some Ambassador Cadet sitting here studying, though. Hogging it." 
Daphne eagerly sits down across from him, nodding. "Stupid nerds," she murmurs, making Jesse laugh. "So, what...happens?" she asks, a little anxious, looking him over like the magic is going to explode from him any second now.
"What did Ariel tell you?" he asks, turning his head and studying her, his eyes lingering on the soft skin her cheek, blushing apricot in the moonlight. His jaw clenches, just subtly, as he tucks his fingers beneath his leg, stilling them. 
of
"Um," Daphne says, her blue eyes going distant as she thinks back, the fingers of one hand reaching up to twine absently in the ends of her curls. "Nothing, actually - just that it developed." She blinks back to the current moment, meeting his gaze. "I think she wanted you to be able to tell me yourself." 
"Ariel," Jesse says, one corner of his mouth curling up. "Such a peach. Okay...um, I'm going to show you now but...don't get freaked out."
"Why?" Daphne asks, sitting up straight. "Is it...scary?"
"A little bit," Jesse says with half a grimace, no part of him wanting this perfect girl to be scared of any part of him - not for a minute, not at all. "But I'll make it be nice, okay?"
"Okay," Daphne says, relaxing a little and giving Jesse half a smile. "I trust you."
Jesse drops his eyes, his mouth working hard against his smile. But then he concentrates, exhaling slowly and holding out his hands between them.
Daphne's eyes go wide and she can't help her little gasp when the air darkens in his palms and then shadows begin to swirl. He glances up at her, worried, but keeps going when he sees her shock turn to fascination and then delight.
###Chapter 0605
Jesse lets go of his leash on the shadows a bit, letting them pool, and then dropping his hands and tipping two perfect little shadow kittens out on the cushion between them.
"Oh my...oh my god," Daphne whispers, delighted, leaning down and peering at the little half-substantial kittens before her, the details of their soft fur perfectly rendered, their little grey eyes shiny and bright as they peer up at her in the moonlight. "They're so...Jesse!" she laughs and looks up at him, delighted, making his face break into a bright smile. "They're so cute! Why did you say this was scary!?" "Because it...can be scary," he says, laughing lightly and running a hand through his hair as she squeaks and leans down to peer at the kittens again, at the way they gambol about with little puffs of shadow breaking into the air with every tiny footfall. "It was scary, the first time, when I didn't have as much control."
"These two couldn't possibly be scary," Daphne coos, reaching out a finger. She hesitates, though, and then looks up into Jesse's face. "Can I touch them?"
He nods to her and is glad she doesn't see the shiver that passes through him as she looks back at the shadows, reaching out and stroking a hand over one kitten's head, and then the other. "That's so crazy...they're like...half real, half smoke," she murmurs. "Yeah, I don't really know how to describe it," Jesse says, taking a deep breath. "My mom and I are going to experiment with it - I get the feeling that I can like...make them as sharp or as soft as I want? But..." he shrugs. "I just don't really know yet." "That's so cool," Daphne sighs, sitting up straight and glancing between Jesse and the kittens. "Are they always...cats?"
"I can make them whatever I want," Jesse says with a shrug, puffing the kittens away into ambiguous shadow and then reforming them again into two elaborate smokey knives and then two tiny crocodiles that snap their teeth and make Daphne laugh. Then, grinning, he turns them back into the kittens again. "But...the panthers feel right. Feel best."
"Is that what they are?" she asks, sitting back against the window frame and absently petting one of the panther kittens that climbs into her lap. "Not house cats?"
Jesse laughs, likewise leaning back against the frame. "How dare you suggest my terrifying shadow panthers are house cats."
"Oh, but they're so cute," Daphne murmurs, reaching for the other one, which hops into her palm. "I just want to give them a saucer of milk and let them curl up in a patch of sunlight."
"Oh, I'm sure they'd oblige," Jesse murmurs, turning again towards the wolf inside his soul, asking him for the thousandth time if he's sure that there's nothing there. But his wolf just tilts his head back, giving a mournful howl and then standing up and shaking out his fur, confused. Because even though Daphne smells better than anyone they've ever met...there's just no bond. It's not there.
"What are their names?" Daphne murmurs, watching delightedly as the kittens crawl over her lap, pouncing at her skirts, one standing on her leg to bat a tiny paw at her hair, completely oblivious to the bitterness racing through Jesse's veins as his eyes fasten on her perfect lips, spread wide into the prettiest smile he's ever seen.
"You name them," he says,
impulsive, quite suddenly wanting
her to be a part of this - to give a name to this shadowy fraction of kis soul that he can pour out at will
Because even if his wolf in will at
it wasn't Daphne who woke this magic, he still wants her mark on it. Still wants, quite desperately, for it to be hers. 
"Me?" Daphne asks, looking up into his brown eyes in surprise.
"You," Jesse says, staring at her, memorizing the way she looks in this perfect moment. "Who else?"
She blushes then, looking down at the shadows in her lap, and his heart breaks clear in half.
"All right," she says slowly, after a minute, reaching out a finger to tap one kitten on the nose. "This one is Tempest, Storm of Dawn," she murmurs, making Jesse's face break into a wide grin. 
"And this one," she says, moving her finger over to the next kitten, who sits up straight and looks eagerly up into her eyes, "is Mittens!"
Jesse bursts out into peals of
Sout
laughter and a moment later Daphne
goes with him, both of them leaning back hard against the stone on either side of the window seat, their joy echoing out through the castle, ringing against the stone. 
"I'm sorry," Daphne says, leaning forward and wiping a tear from one eye when her laughter subsides. "I'll come up with something better -"
"No," Jesse says, shaking his head, still laughing a bit, his eyes crinkled into little slits of joy. "No, please, it's perfect - I love it -"
"Jesse, you can't have a magical shadow panther named Mittens -"
But he reaches out and grabs her hand, leaning close and beaming into her face. "Daphne, I couldn't name him anything else now," he says quietly holding her gaze. "And I wouldn't want to." Softly, Daphne curls her fingers against Jesse's own, nodding and looking steadily into his warm brown eyes. "All right then," she whispers. "Mittens it is."
###Chapter 0606
I groan, snorting awake when Jackson lays me down in my own bed.
"What's happening," I murmur, looking around, completely confused.
"You fell asleep," he replies, smirking at me as he climbs in next to me and reaches out to un-hook the curtain, letting it shush shut. "I figured you'd rather continue doing that in bed, rather than half sprawled out on the floor with your head in my lap." "Both good," I sigh, snuggling close as he settles himself next to me, wrapping his arms loose around my shoulders. "You're the best pillow I've ever had."
He laughs lightly, pleased to be of service.
I blink for a minute, not eager to fall back asleep now that I have this quiet moment with him, not while I have a second to hold him close, to get a deep sniff of his scent. Jackson growls a little, possessive, pulling me tight, feeling precisely the same. "How are you doing?" I ask, fighting a yawn and failing as I tilt my head up to look into his face. "About the Games? And...everything else?"
"What else?" he asks, frowning down at me.
I laugh a little, shaking my head at him. "I don't know, Jacks, your life? Which has changed drastically in the past week, let alone the past six months. I'm just checking in on all of it." "Checking in on me," he murmurs, lifting hand to brush over my hair, "when you're the one who discovered today that she can fall into a new dimension."
I laugh a bit, somehow...less disturbed about that now than I was earlier. Maybe because I'm too sleepy. Maybe because with Jacks warm in my bed, it all feels very far away. "Yes," I whisper, grinning. "I'm sweet like that. So?"
Jackson exhales a long breath and turns his face up to the ceiling, clearly considering it, which fills me with a great deal of pleasure. Because I think that it's Jackson's instinct to always ensure that m okay and that my emotions are all right, but we need to check in on him too, and I'm glad that he's letting me do it. 
"I'm fine with everything that happened in the Games," he murmurs, thoughtful. "Glad we won, proud of you, pleased that Tony's showing that he's on our side and wants to be part of...whatever it is that we're doing. I think he's a good guy- my instincts are saying to trust him, that he's trying to prove to
us that we can." 
I nod warmly to my mate, encouraging, because I feel the same.
"But if I'm being honest," Jackson continues, raising his eyesbrows at me. "I've been spending a lot of time wondering...who gave me my gift. And why."
"Really?" I whisper, genuinely surprised. "Why have you been wondering about that?"
Jackson, since I've met him, has had this rather dismissive turn to these sorts of questions - never really interested in the provenance of his magic and instead just concerned with what he can do with it.
"I don't know," he murmurs, frowning a little as he puzzles it out, "not too many others in the Community had gifts so we never really... talked about where they came from. It was just something we could do - like I could run fast, when others couldn't. I can do magic, others can't. It was just another skill."
I nod to him, listening, intrigued.
"But the more I spend time with you and your family," he says, continuing to pet me absently, "the more I realize that the Goddess really
thought about this stuff. Though net
about which gift to give you and to give Jesse and probably Rafe. I mean, she even said that she thought Jesse's gift matched his personality." 
"She said the same about mine," I say quietly, remembering back to our private conference. "Something about my slight tendency for recklessness being a good match for my gift."
"Oh yes," Jackson says, dry, rolling his eyes, "yes, let's give the reckless one the power to burn cities to ash."
I laugh, giving him a little rabbit punch as chastisement, but Jackson laughs too and presses a kiss to my head. "So, you think the same thing happened?" I ask, resting my head back down on his shoulder. "When you got your gift?"
"I mean, it makes sense, doesn't it? I don't think the allocation is random. Some... God," he huffs out a disbelieving sigh here, "gave me this...power. And I don't know why."
###Chapter 0607
"And one of the children of the God of Darkness," I murmur, frowning, likewise staring into space. "Ole Darkie."
Jackson laughs at the Goddess's nickname for her ex. "And he's got enough of those to choose from," he murmurs. "So we'll maybe never know."
"Wait, what?" I say, sitting up a bit to peer down at him. "How many children does he have?"
"Like, a lot, Ariel," Jackson replies, frowning up at me. "Famously."
"What!?"
Jackson laughs lightly, pulling me down against him. "You need to study your religious texts, Clark," he murmurs, brushing his lips again over my hair. "This is your nation's religion too."
"I don't study religion," I say, shaking my hair haughtily back, making my voice hoity-toity and smug. "I am religion - I am a demigoddess, after all."
He laughs at me, his eyes crinkling, because even if I am kidding and making bold excuses for my ignorance, it's...kind of true.
"Come on, Jacks," I say with a happy sigh, settling back down against him. "Explain. I am ignorant and wanting of knowledge of what is, apparently, my own family tree. Enlighten me." "Okay," my mate says, pulling me tight. "But listen up, because I'm not explaining it twice -"
"You'll explain it as many times as I demand, supplicant," I growl, trying to do my best to embody bossy goddess energy. But Jackson's soft laughter just lets me know how deeply I've failed. "Okay, I'll listen," I say with a grin, snuggling against him. "But talk fast, because I'm sleepy."
"Yes, highness," he murmurs. "So, the God of Darkness, as we all know, is...obsessed with your Grandmother. In some tellings of the mythology they're mates, in others they're just like...magnets, both drawn to each other or opposed inevitably according to whichever pole of the magnet they've got turned towards each other at the time."
I nod, weirdly understanding this and considering that for the past few hundred years or so - if not thousands - those poles have been stridently opposed.
"But when the Goddess pulls away, the stories say, he gets incredibly jealous. And he takes out that jealousy by...having a lot of affairs. Trying to make her jealous in turn."
"Scandalous," I whisper, a little delighted at the cosmic drama of it all.
"Mmhmm," Jacks murmurs, continuing. "And a lot of those affairs have resulted in kids. Some of them are just... normal kids - humans, wolves. Some of them are demigods, like you," I wiggle my shoulders back, preening, pleased to be included, "and some are...very nearly full-on Gods, thought never on his or the Goddess's level."
"How does that happen?" I murmur, frowning. "Like...I can see how you'd make a demigod, but who are these near-Gods' mothers?"
"I don't really know," Jackson says with a shrug. "It all gets very...out of our realm of understanding. We exist in a completely different plane than they do."
I sigh, attempting to make peace with my lack of knowledge and failing a bit.
over
"Some of the near-Gods are more famous and powerful than others," Jackson says, a bit absent, getting lost in his thoughts. "Especially the older ones. His two eldest children and the ones that I think the Goddess your grandmother is most bitter about – are twins. They're frequently referred to religiously as the God of Death and the Goddess of Life." 
"What?" I breathe, fascinated and confused.
"Yeah," Jackson says, turning his face to me. "They were born together, meant to be two sides of the same coin. Neither good or bad just..." he shrugs. "Different. And the God of Death resides in the Underworld, which is another realm within the Land of Darkness where...I think you went today. And the Goddess of Life lives here, amongst us, though she... rarely takes form. They work together, passing souls in and out of our reality as they're born and die." 
"Ugh, this is all really weird," I whisper, reaching up and pressing the heels of my palms tight against my eyes, attempting to stop my
mind from spinning around allomet
these strange new facts. "So, do you think that's who my grandmother was talking about when she said the provenance of your gifts? The God of Darkness's oldest children?" 
###Chapter 0608
Slowly, Jackson nods. "I think the God of Death and Goddess of Life would be the most powerful, the most...capable of giving gifts like ours." Jackson murmurs with a shrug. "I mean, think about it - do you think you could give someone a gift right now? Or your mom?"
I shake my head, considering it and knowing that it's completely out of my realm of power.
"Yeah," he sighs, "I think the demigods are out. But, amongst his near-Godly children...it could be them."
I bite my lip, studying his face. "Which one do you think it is?"
"I don't know," he answers, turning to stare at me. "It's all speculation anyway. But...you asked what was on my mind," he shrugs. "That's what I've been turning over."
"Maybe we need to spend more time in the library," I sigh, curling close to my mate and stroking what I hope is a comforting hand over his hair. "Get some religious texts. Try to figure it out."
"Or not," he says, wrapping me up tight against him. "Finding out more doesn't change anything. Our time would probably be better spent elsewhere."
"What do you mean?" I ask, sensing that there's...more to that statement than just Jackson trying to change the subject and move away from the question of who gave him his gift.
Jackson inhales a deep breath and then lets it out slowly, staring again at the ceiling. "I mean that...things are changing fast, Ariel. It's not a coincidence that the War Games got moved up, and you discovered your new dark gift, and maybe even that Jesse got his powers now. I think... pieces are moving into alignment. I think something big is coming. Soon."
"How soon?" I whisper, slipping my arm tighter around his body.
"Like, now soon," Jackson says, turning his head to tuck mine beneath his chin. "Hank's moving things up with the Community too. Making some...real moves there, attempting to push forward humanitarian aid."
"What?" I breathe, shocked. I mean, I knew that Jackson has been continuing to talk to Hank but...I had no idea that Hank was actually making moves. I always imagined him just...collecting information.
"Yeah, I feel really conflicted about
-
it,” Jackson murmurs, and I can feel down our bond just how much the news twists him with anxiety. "Because know that any move to change things within the Community from outside is going to put pressure on the most vulnerable inside it. That's what they do when change threatens, the people in charge in the Community take it out on the poor, making them even more resistant to change. I just...don't want anyone to get hurt because I've been..." 
He stops there, unable to say any more, clenching his jaw and covering his face with a hand, guilt rushing through him. My heart wrenches in my chest as I watch, as I feel worry and fear and remorse and shame all pulsing in his heart. Because we did this - me and my family we pushed Jackson to take this role. 
And he still has ties to that place, still has people there whom he loves, and who he doesn't want to see hurting. Especially because of actions he took.
I murmur my mate's name, reaching for his face, but he stays very still even when I touch him, trying to turn him towards me, to let him feel that it's all right.
We stay that way for a long few minutes as Jackson takes deeper and deeper breaths, not understanding how he feels about any of it and just feeling very overwhelmed by it all.
"If it gets to be too much," I whisper to him, "you can tell Hank you want to stop."
Jackson lets out his breath in a long woosh of air. "But how could I do that? I know...I know, in the end, that Hank is right that the Community is hurting people and that people are suffering inside without medical intervention. How could I stop that?" 
"You're allowed to put yourself first, Jacks," I whisper. "Like you'd put me first, if you saw me hurting this badly. At the very least, you're allowed to take breaks, to take time to think it over."
###Chapter 0609
Jackson groans a little, turning towards me, pulling me tight against his chest so that our stomachs line up, so that I can hook one leg over his in the way I like to, so I can press my cheek to his chest. We don't say anything for a long time and I can feel Jackson trying to figure out how he feels, and what is right, and where he fits in it all.
But through all of it, I can also feel that he's exhausted.
"Come on, baby," I whisper, reaching up and stroking a hand over his hair. "Let's go to sleep. Go for a little cliff run as our wolves. We're not getting anything sorted worrying about it, and we need the rest." After a moment, Jackson sighs and dips his head, pressing a kiss to the part of my hair. "You're right," he murmurs, giving me a last squeeze. "I shouldn't have kept you up this long anyway."
"Oh, you can keep me up anytime," I murmur against him, lifting my head to press a kiss to his chest before I let my eyes fall shut. "I love you, and I like your mind, and I like hearing about your ideas." "You're very sweet, princess goddess Sinclair," Jackson sighs, making me smile.
I can feel it as he falls asleep, glad that he's found his rest. And even if I'm incredibly eager to join him in that state, to go for the run that I promised him - I have to admit that I'm disturbed by Jackson's predictions for the future. Is it really so stark as all that? Are all the pieces falling into place for something much, much larger than us?
And if change is coming...how long do I have left to enjoy this life, which I love so much?
When Jackson wakes me up the next morning bright and early for my sniping practice, I pretend to moan and complain as I always do, even though I'm thrilled to be up. I flop around in the bed, making him pull me up into his arms and set me on my feet before he passes me my little jolt of morning energy.
"Thanks," I whisper, wrapping my arms around his neck and pressing a kiss to his mouth.
"Out!" Rafe calls from his bed, rolling over and pulling his pillow over his head. "None of that!" "Sorry!" I call out to my brother, keeping my voice low as I grimace, hating to have woken him. "Banished forever," Jesse mumbles from his own bed, pointing a stern finger at the door.
I just smirk at Jesse, because I know he wandered in late and probably got less sleep than all of us, before quickly and quietly getting cleaned up and ready for my day. When that's all done, Jackson takes my hand in his and we both head for the
door, ready for sniping practice. 
Jackson and ktalk quietly in the morning light again going over what happened in the Game yesterday, me giving him the details of all the shots that I took and discussing different ways I could have done it, perhaps improved my performance. 
I'm so lost in the discussion that I don't even notice someone standing at the bottom of my blind until they clear their throat, making my whip my head up in surprise to stare at the Captain, standing there with his arms crossed. "Cadet Clark," he says, raising an eyebrow at Jackson and looking him up and down. "I was unaware that you were bringing...guests along to your morning practice."
"For her safety, sir," Jackson says,
standing up straight and giving him
a little salute. The Captain looks at Jacksondike he doubts that my safety is the main priority here, but he doesn't say anything. "And," Jackson says, glancing down at me, "Phave some ideas on how Clark's training can be improved." 
My eyes go wide as I look up at Jacks because...what? He didn't say anything about that!
###Chapter 0610
"Really, improvements to Clark's training program," the Captain says, narrowing his eyes at Jackson. "And what qualifies you to decide how Cadet Clark's training should progress?"
I scowl a little, hating that they're talking about me like I'm not here and wishing they'd both just call me Ariel. It's not like we're keeping it a secret anymore.
"I've come along to all of Clark's practice sessions since the first one," Jackson says, standing straight, I think not liking the fact that he has to justify his insight. "I know the way that she shoots better than anyone else."
"You are not the subject matter expert, McClintock," the Captain snaps, crossing his arms over his chest. "I am."
"I'm aware, sir," Jackson says, holding his gaze. "But I have ideas for how Clark could use these skills in battle that move beyond sitting in a blind, waiting to be taken out by another sniper."
"And why would we need to know those?" the Captain enquires, his voice low, letting Jackson know he's on dangerous ground.
"Because," Jackson says, perfectly even. "I don't intend to let Clark go into battle without me at her side at every moment. So you're going to need to decide whose skills to emphasize on the field - either sending me up in a blind with her or teaching her to sharp shoot on the move."
"With all respect, sir," Jackson says, raising his chin, "it doesn't matter whether or not it's my call. If you're putting her on a battlefield it will be with me at her side. And I suspect Rafe and Jesse Sinclair will have the same response, as well as Luca Grant."
The Captain balks a bit at Jackson's gall. "That's not your call to make, Cadet," he growls.
The Captain glowers darkly, looking between Jackson and I, realizing that Jackson's entirely serious. I lift my own chin in kind, letting him know that it's a fact. "I'm sorry, sir," I say. "We don't mean to be insubordinate. It is a fact though - we won't be separated." The Captain doesn't respond, clearly displeased that we're calling the shot, but he takes a deep breath and moves on from it. Even if he does, I'm very aware that the Captain did not agree to what Jackson and I have laid out, a fact that gives me significant pause.
"What is this you're talking about," the Captain says, studying Jackson, "sharp shooting on the move? It would be a useful skill, but she still needs a great deal of training with the sniper rifle - I won't have her turned away from it. We need shipers in this war and she's shaping up to be one of the best." 
"I understand, sir," Jackson says, nodding precisely. "What I have in mind won't take away from her sniping practice at all. Just..." he purses his mouth in thought for a moment, "if we could have access to some of the weapons from the Games? The paintball guns? A shorter-range rifle, I think he says, glancing at the bag slung over my back that holds my precious sniper rifle, "could work." 
The Captain sighs and shakes his head, looking down at the ground. "If we weren't training you for command, McClintock," he says, "this could be considered insubordination. But we are and frankly, it's a good idea. He sighs, looking back up and between us. "If it interferes at all with her sniping, it ends. But until then," he shrugs, "you can have access to the supplies you need." 
My eyebrows raise as the Captain freely gives Jackson the code to the gun cage where the supplies for the Games are kept, telling him to keep strict records of those he uses and to ensure that everything is returned at the end of practice sessions.
"I'm proud of you, Clark," the Captain says after Jackson thanks him for his trust. He comes forward a step or two and claps a hand on my shoulder. "You did fine shooting yesterday at the Games. I'll look forward to seeing your further progression."
###Chapter 0611
"Thank you, sir," I say, beaming up to him, proud and pleased myself.
"Don't thank me yet," he says, looking back towards the Castle. "I moved your target out to 1,800 meters. Good luck with that."
I gape at the Captain as he walks away, smirking, because...that is such crap! 1,800 meters is - it's going to be impossible!
"You can do it," Jackson murmurs, wrapping his arm around me and pulling me towards the ladder I use to climb up into my blind. "Just...going to take some practice."
"Great, more practice!" I snap, glaring down at him and shaking my head as I start to climb. "And when do you imagine I'm going to learn this sharp shooting too!? Are we going to start getting up at 3:00, instead of 4:00 in the morning!?" "Just trust me, Clark," Jacks sighs, though I can feel and hear the pleasure that he's trying to hide. "I've got it all planned out."
I take a deep breath, continuing to climb, kind of excited myself but not having any idea what to expect.
Both Rafe and Jesse wear twin expressions of shock when I come out of the Castle about an hour later with a fully-loaded paintball rifle in my hands.
"Ari, I was kidding on the banishment thing," Jesse says, holding out his hands towards me and looking at me like I'm a little crazy.
I laugh, shaking my head at him. "Look, I don't know what's going on either," I say with a shrug and nodding towards Jacks. "He sweet-talked the Captain into letting me do this."
"Do what?" Rafe asks, looking worriedly between me and the rifle. "Are we...not going for our run?"
"Oh, we're going for our run," Jacks says, grinning around at everyone. "Ariel's just going to do a little target practice at the same time."
We all stare at him with our mouths open. And then, as Jackson explain his plan, each of our jaws slowly falls drops.
"Look, Ari's great in a blind," Jackson
says, looking down at me as he
speaks. "But I have any say in it at all, she's not going to be sitting in a
blind in any battles - it's too dangerous. More experienced snipers are going to spy her and take her out. She's a kickass shot, but there's no reason why she can't shoot on the move with all of us," he gestures around at the whole group "to protect her as she does." 
"Jacks, I don't like any plan that has Ariel on an active battlefield," Rafe says, taking a step towards him with a plan.
"Yeah, well, then the alternative is all of us sitting up with her in a blind like sitting ducks. Like I told the Captain, I don't think any of us are going to consent to her going into battle without us by her side to protect her."
"Shit, I didn't even think about that,"
I
Jesse says, scowling and running a hand through his hair. Rafe and Jackson just look at him like he's a little stupid for not thinking about it so far they, obviously, have been thinking about it for weeks. 
-
"Okay, whatever," I say with a sigh, getting tired of everyone making decisions about where I'm going to be in a battle and with whom without asking my opinion on itì heft the rifle a little higher. "What am I doing with this?" 
"With that?" Jacks asks, giving me a devious little grin. "You're running. Let's go!"
My mouth falls open again as Jacks starts off at a run without explaining any further. Rafe, I think understanding more than I do, laughs and follows him while Jesse claps me on the back.
"Come on, baby trouble!" he laughs, urging me forward. "Let's see what you've got!"
"I hate this already," I growl, glancing down at the heavy gun in my hands, knowing that my muscles are going to kill me for this later.
But I take a deep breath and start out after them, not knowing what the hell is going on or what Jackson has planned.
###Chapter 0612
"That was awesome!" Jesse pants, pumping his fists in the air when we arrive back at the Castle forty-five minutes later. Both Jackson and Rafe beam at each other as they, too, catch their breath, apparently agreeing with him. But as I drag myself gasping up the last little hill towards the door, my arms screaming against the weight of the rifle, my legs aching and my heart pounding, all I can do is glare to demonstrate that I vehemently do not agree with them.
Jackson's plan was as devious as it was simple. All I had to do was run our regular route and then, at intervals that he planned out, stop and...shoot. You know, just attempt to aim and fire accurately at a moving target - usually Jesse - while my heart pounded, and my breath rasped, and my hands struggled to hold the gun steady.
And then, as I usually failed miserably to hit anything I aimed at, I had to run to catch up with the group! Just start sprinting, as soon as my heart rate lowered enough to fire, to catch up with these stupid Alphas and their big long legs.
"I hate," I pant, gasping in air as I glare at all three of them, finally getting to the group, "all of you."
"It'll get easier, Ari," Rafe says, grinning at me with his hands on his hips. "Though this was an amazing idea, Jackson - I love it - I want to do it too -"
I glare at my brother, my fingers tightening possessively on the rifle, making him laugh.
"You did so good, Ari!" Jesse laughs, turning a little so I can see the splatters of purple paint that stretch down his back where I hit him twice. "You actually got me! I'm very impressed."
"Seriously, Ari, you're going to get better and better as we do this every day," Jackson says, grinning at me and putting an encouraging hand between my shoulder blades. "Every. Day?" I gasp, staring up at him in shock.
My mate's grin deepens. "It's a useful way to combine fitness with a new skill. We'll run further and further apart - we'll have you basically sniping on the run in no time -"
"I've changed my mind!" I groan, my shoulders slumping as I take a stumbling step towards my mate, looking up at him with pleading eyes. "I don't want to be ambitious anymore! I don't want to learn new things! Or, if I do, I want to take up something quiet and peaceful, like illustrating manuscripts - I'll knit for the war effort -"
"Nah, it's a great idea," Jesse says, coming to my other side and adding his own hand to my back so that he and Jackson can sweep me forward between them into the Castle. "And when you get really good at it, you can run, and I'll shoot at you!"
"Never," I growl, whipping my head to glare up at him. My cousin just laughs at me, looking forward with interest as we enter the castle. And even if my lungs still ache, and my body feels absolutely wiped of any energy that Jackson gave me this morning - I do have to admit, I see how the skill is useful. If I can move and shoot as accurately as I do laying calmly in a blind?
Yeah. I get it.
"Hurry up, Clark!" Rafe says, clapping his hands behind me and making me skitter forward as he laughs. "No dragging your feet now! We've got breakfast to get to!"
I snarl as I glance over my shoulder at my brother, but I hurry my steps as told. Because breakfast - and all the coffee I can drink - sounds amazing right now.
Unfortunately, the moment we enter
the breakfast hall, our little group of
four goes completely still. Because
as we look around, it's perfecause
clear that...something is very
different here. That something quite
big has changed. 
"Where...where is everyone?" I whisper, noting that half of the tables in the hall are empty - aren't even set for breakfast.
"Holy shit," Rafe whispers next to me, looking over at Jacks.
Jackson just looks grimly over at him.
"What's going on?" Jesse asks, as anxious as me. "What am I missing?"
"Come on," Rafe says, his voice grim, reaching out a hand and wrapping it around my arm protectively. "Let's talk about it as a group."
The four of us walk over to our little
table where Luca and Ben are
already sitting. As soon as we do,
someone stands up from a table halfway across the room and begins
to walk towards ours as well.
Despite everything, my face brightens to see that it's Tony. 
"Does this mean what I think it means?" Tony asks, arriving at the table as we do.
I sit down in my seat, craning my neck to look around at my friends, my hand slipping instantly beneath the table cloth and into Luca's, who sits on my right. He gives it a squeeze. 
"Look," Rafe sighs, looking first at Tony and then around at everyone else. "Jacks and I don't have more information than anyone else but..."
"But yeah," Jacks cuts in when Rafe's words fail him. "Yeah, I think that the room is empty because they sent the second-year Cadets to the front."
I gasp, my eyes going wide, my free hand flying to my chest as I process this.
###Chapter 0613
"What the fuck man," Ben murmurs, running a hand through his hair and looking anxiously towards the empty half of the room. "Cadets, at war? Has this...ever happened before?"
"It hasn't," Rafe answers, raising his head, the set of his mouth grim. "In the twenty years that the school has been open, Moon Valley has never called up its Cadets, its least-trained warriors."
"This is bad," Luca whispers, and I raise my eyes to look into his worried brown ones. "Really bad."
I squeeze his hand, agreeing with him, and then cast my eyes around at all of my friends. "Are...are they going to call us up to?"
"No way to know," Jackson says, staring down at the table, his mind clearly working as he sits down in his spot next to me. "If they do it means that it's...dire. That the war is going very badly and that they're getting desperate." "Shit," Tony whispers, crossing his arms and looking down at the floor.
Rafe and Jesse sit too, but silence reigns around our table, just as it does all of the others.
Because even if I did spend the morning chasing my brother and my cousin around with a paintball gun...it's never been more obvious than it is right now that we're not playing games. Not at all.
That this is very, very real.
"Whoa," Tony says, causing each of us to raise our heads and look at him. But he's looking over my shoulder at the door, one eyebrow raised in significant Alpha interest. "Who the hell is that?"
As one, we all turn in the direction of his gaze and I sigh when I see that the person who's caught his interest?
She's here for me.
Faiza's mouth quirks into a smirk as she strides confidently over to our table, dressed as usual in her form-hugging black leather-and-spandex outfit, her silky dark hair swinging moodily into her face. "Well," she says, her smirk deepening as she crosses her arms and looks each of the boys over in turn. "Good to know I still command attention when I enter a room."
"Hey, Faiza," I sigh, turning in my chair and staring worriedly up at her.
"Give me a minute," she murmurs, taking her turn running her eyes over each of the boys in turn. "I'm not done here."
"Faiza!" I scold, jumping to my feet. "You're a professor!"
"I'm your professor," she says, laughing, grinning and finally turning her eyes to me. "Not theirs. Who's your new boy?" She points her thumb over at Tony.
"Hi, I'm Anton Davis," Tony says, moving smoothly around our table and looking Faiza slowly over from head to foot. "And where have you been all my lif="
"Oh, cut it, Tony," I growl, moving fast and stepping in front of Faiza - holding out a hand to block him. Tony stops in his tracks but otherwise ignores me, giving Faiza a vicious grin over my head.
"Hey, Tony," Faiza says, her voice low and sultry. I spin with a gasp to see her wrinkling her nose at him, clearly enjoying this. "You look like fun. Like someone I could toss around." "Listen, you can toss me around any time you want -"
"Ew, ew!" I shout, slapping my hands over my ears and glaring between them. "This is done! Over! Faiza!" I turn to her now with a glare. "Did you need me for something!?" "Sure did, cream puff," she says, turning her eyes cheerfully to me. "Class is starting early today. Let's go."
"Why?"
"Because I said so," she returns, giving me a too-sweet smile, violence lurking beneath it as she silently dares me to defy her.
"But "I gasp, risking life and limb as I turn desperately back to the table, my eyes flicking over the pastries in the basket. There are even donuts today -
"Oh, just take it with you," Faiza says, reaching out and grabbing a whole carafe of coffee off the table, which makes the majority of the boys gasp in protest. "Quiet, minions," she sighs, rolling her eyes at them.
Sey'll bring you another."
"Here, let me carry that for you," Tony murmurs, moving closer to us, "it's very heavy -"
"Away," I snarl, giving Tony a sharp push on the chest before reaching for the pastry basket that Jackson pulls closer to me, handing me a wide white napkin in which to wrap my choices. I send Jacks a warm pulse of thanks down the bond and his wolf responds with a snarly little
growl of love that makesarly little
me beam
down at him for a spare moment. It's very difficult to resist dropping a kiss to his cheek as well, but somehow I manage it. 
"All right, let's go," Faiza says when I straighten up, my pastries secured. "See you boys later," she says, glancing back at the table of Alphas, her voice dropping a sultry octave as she again lets her eyes slip over each of them in turn. 
"Don't torture them," I sigh, shaking my head at my professor as we head for the door.
"Aw," she says, giving me a sneaky wink, "don't take away my fun. I have so few pleasures in this dank little castle, Ari."
I just roll my eyes at my professor and follow her down the stairwell to her office, wondering what the hell she's got in store for me next.
###Chapter 0614
"So!" Faiza says, flopping into her chair and cooly lifting the heels of her boots onto her desk as she grins wickedly at me. "I like the new addition to your harem. He's cute." She again wrinkles her nose. My hands still in the process of unwrapping my breakfast as I lift my eyes to hers, shocked. "My...harem?"
"Sure," she says, grinning deeply, "your little harem of Alpha boys deeply dedicated to serving your every want and need. I have to admit, I'm a little jealous. If you're ever looking to loan them out -"
I groan, sinking into my chair and rolling my eyes at her as I snag a chocolate-covered donut. I take a big bite as I pour a cup of coffee into a mug waiting on the desk. "Take 'em," I say, my voice dry. "Give me some peace and quiet." "Oh please," Faiza says, still grinning at me as she reaches for the carafe of coffee after I've filled my cup. "If I actually thought you'd loan out the hot one, I'd think about it. But I know you're more selfish than you're pretending to be."
"Damn right I am," I growl, making her laugh as I lean back in my chair and grin at my professor. As she continues to laugh I study Faiza, thinking - not for the first time - that I really admire her. Not only is she a badass, she just...moves through the world with such a sense of confidence. I wish I could be more like that.
"The new boy is cute, though a little scrawny for me," she says when her laughter fades, sitting back with her coffee pressed between her palms. She quirks a single brow. "But how's your brother doing? He's not scrawny at all, is he?"
"Ugh, Faiza," I sigh, letting my eyes drift shut and shaking my head slightly. "This cannot be part of my education."
"Oh, come on, a girl gets curious and lonely in this big cold stone house!"
"Hands off my harem," I say, letting my eyes slowly narrow to a glare. "There are two hundred-some boys in this Castle. Pick one of those to tear to emotional pieces."
Her vicious grin deepens. "No fun, cream puff, you got all the hot ones. Besides," she tilts her head to the side, studying me. "Not two hundred any more, are there?"
I sigh, my blood going cold as I
realize that she's right. I take a long sip of my coffee, wanting both the warmth and the energy, before. looking up at her again. "Do you know what happened? Were they sent to the front?" 
"They were," she says quietly, holding my gaze, her face falling into more serious lines. "And to various other points, according to their specialties. It's...it's getting very serious, Ariel." "Will we get called up too?" My hands tighten as I wait for her answer.
"I don't have any insight into what the higher-ups are thinking," she answers quietly. "But I think you will."
"Why do you think that?" My question is a hoarse whisper, full of dread.
She sighs long through her nose,
looking away from me, not trying to keep anything from me but, instead, deciding how to answer. "Did you know that my dad has sent almost every Spy he has out to Atalaxia?" she asks, staring into space a bit. "Every one of them as trained as I am, up to a Neumann-level of stealth and skill?" 
"No," I answer, my voice still soft. I had no idea that there was an espionage component to this war - most of what we hear about is fervent fighting on the front. But, of course, the secrecty makes sense. "Well, he did," Faiza says, turning her eyes back to me. "And do you know what the results have been? How much information we've gotten from them?"
I stare at her and shake my head no.
"We've got nothing, Ariel," Faiza says,
leaning towards me, her face grim. Quite suddenly I miss my playful, flirty, dangerous professor. This Faiza that has been brought down to the grim reality of this war - she's even more terrifying. "Not a single one of his spies has responded. And not a single one has come back." 
###Chapter 0615
All the blood leaves my face.
She twists her lips, regretting the news. "He's sending me today."
"What!?" I gasp, sloshing my coffee onto the floor as I lean forward towards her in shock. "Faiza, no!"
"We need the intel, Ari," she says, holding my eyes and shaking her head sadly at me. "If it were a time of peace we could spare me at the front, but with everyone gone and me the best..." she holds up a hand, asking me to see that this is the only path. "Faiza," I say, my voice croaking on her name, suddenly desperately afraid for her and not wanting her to go. "Please..."
"Aw, kid," she says, shaking her head at me and leaning back in her chair, taking a casual sip of her coffee. "I know you're not going to ask me to stay. Ask me to do something you yourself absolutely would not do, if you were called to do the same."
I hang my head, knowing that she's right, my fingers clenched hard around my slippery mug of coffee. "We're just not...done here..." I growl, angry at the world for taking her away. "And I don't want to lose you."
"You're not going to lose me," she says, too brash, too casual. I lift my eyes to meet hers again, taking in her confident smile. "I'll be back in a few weeks to kick your ass again."
I sigh, shaking my head, hating it. "Where are they sending you?"
"That info is above your paygrade, kid," she says, giving me a wink and pointing a finger-gun at me.
"Come on," I sigh, tilting my head to the side, begging her.
"Fine," she says, laughing with a
shrug. "It's not public knowledge, so please keep it under wraps
but... they're sending me deep behind lines to see what I can learn about military plans. I'm actually taking a leaf from your book," she says, her smile deepening, "dressing like a boy." 
This news sparks a grin as I let my eyes sweep over her feminine form, her deliberately tantalizing outfit. "You're going to hate it."
She bursts out laughing and nods. "I know," she sighs. "But...just for a short time. I'll get through it."
"And you'll be safe?" I ask, my eyes going wide.
"Oh, we're not doing the whole
sentimental thing," Faiza says, waving a hand at me as she pulls
her feet from the desk and scootset
her chair forward. "I'll be fine, Ariel
I wouldn't be a Neumann if I couldn't do this. But what we have to talk about is what you're going to do in
my absence." 
I open my mouth to protest, to beg for more information, but the look she gives me - hard and pleading in its own way - begs me to let it go. To let her go and do her job without a big fuss or any declarations. Slowly I close my mouth, and clench my jaw, and nod to her.
She smiles and nods back. And in that quite simple gesture I know that I not only have a professor that I trust, but a friend for life. That what is between us runs much, much deeper than a job.
Even if we don't talk about it.
Slowly, a smile takes my lips.
"There's the nation's princess," Fazia
says, giving me a smirk. "Now, lean
in and eat some of these pastries
with me,
she says, picking up a
muffin and tearing off a piece before
handing it to me. "We've got future
lesson plans to discuss, and I'm going to be pissed if I come back and you haven't been doing your homework." 
"Yes ma'am, yes ma'am," I sigh, leaning forward and taking the proffered muffin. Then, as I take a bite, Faiza lays out her plans for what I'm to study in her absence. And my eyes again go wide with surprise.
###Chapter 0616
Blaze lashes a back-handed fist at me so fast that I barely have time to dodge, stumbling back and raising my right arm to block the blow I know is coming next.
But my teacher outwits me, as he so often does. Constantly, if we're being honest. His left foot lashes out, hooking deftly behind my knee and tugging me forward. His right hand comes next, but it's already too late - I'm off balance and out of options. He hits me hard with the palm of his hand against my turning shoulder blade, sending me flat to the floor, which I hit with an oof.
"Slow today, little bird," Blaze says, standing above me. I groan, rolling over and staring up at him, an apologetic grimace on my face. "You need more sleep."
I sigh, and nod, agreeing as he holds out a hand to pull me to my feet.
"I know, I'm sorry," I say. "I'm...distracted too."
"Life is full of distractions," he says, quite kind. "As is war. You must learn to put them out of your mind and concentrate on the moment. Or else..."
"Yeah, or else I'm flat on my ass," I sigh, nodding to him, knowing he's right.
"Flat on your little princess butt," he says, smiling warmly at me before wrapping his arms around me in the hug that always ends our practice. "What?" I ask, surprised. "Are we...done already?"
"Oh, I sense that you will not be improving today, my sparrow," Blaze says with a happy sigh, pulling away from me. "Plus that one," he points to Luca, sitting on the floor in his usual space, "is buzzing to speak to you. I will not torture him further." "What!?" Luca gasps, looking between us. "I - I didn't do anything!"
"You did not need to do," Blaze says, giving Luca a kind grin as he turns towards his door. "You simply were. It is not bad, boxing boy, you just have an energy that is easy to read."
I call my goodbyes to my teacher, smiling after him, as Luca gets to his feet and begins to stretch his arms, frowning after Blaze.
"My energy?" he asks, confused. "Can be read?"
"Yes," I say, peering at him curiously. "Your aura is very frazzled today - azure and purple instead of its usual sunshine yellow..."
"What?" he gasps, staring at me in shock, clearly thinking that I'm serious. "Did you - did you get new magic? Is this something you can -"
I burst out laughing and give him a
little shove, interrupting his panic Luca's face breaks into a smile when he realizes I was teasing him, and he grabs me to him, pinning me to him with my back to his chest.
I just laugh, pleased to be in my mate's arms, happiness racing through me despite my rather abject failure at hand-to-hand and the strange day I had.
"I missed you," Luca murmurs, dropping his head to nuzzle my neck a bit, planting a kiss or two there before loosening his grip so that I can turn in his arms, smiling up into his face.
"Missed you too, handsome," I say,
reaching up to tuck a strand of his glossy hair back behind his ear, taking in the contours of his gorgeous face. I mean, I know that Faiza teased me today about my harem, and she's right that all of my coffected boys make a handsome group. But out of all of them? Luca for sure has the prettiest face. 
His face bursts into a dimpled smile as he senses the direction of my thoughts, and I blush a bit to be caught up in them.
"So," I say, moving on from those thoughts and lacing my fingers behind Luca's neck and nodding towards Blaze's closed door. "Was he right? Do you want to talk to me?"
"I do," Luca says with a sigh, looking around. "Though, do you want to practice first? I don't want to take away from your education."
"No, Blaze is right," I say, dropping
my arms and taking Luca's hand, tugging him with me as I settle cross-legged on the ground. "I'm not going to be any good today - too distracted. And even more so now that thear you have something to say." Luca comes with me sitting the same way across from me, our knees touching. 
###Chapter 0617
"Why are you distracted?" he asks, frowning at me.
"Faiza," I say with a sigh, stretching my tired arms up over my head. "She gave me kind of a weird assignment. Fun, but... weird. But I'll tell you about that next - I kind of want your help with it." Luca's face brightens at the prospect, but I just lift my chin at him.
"You, please," I say, dropping my hands and beaming at my pretty mate. "What was your news?"
Luca's face falls and he leans back on his hands. "After you left breakfast early, messengers came with notes. We're having the second set of Games early too crazy early. Draft tomorrow, Games the next day."
My jaw drops open in shock. "But that's...that's ridiculous," I say, shaking my head at him. "I mean, we haven't even had time to learn from our mistakes the last game -"
"I know," Luca says, his voice full of dread as he nods in agreement. "It is... it feels really bad, Ari. Like they're doing it all fast because they want us to have as much experience as possible before they ship us to the front too."
"Shit," I whisper, my shoulders slumping as I cast my gaze down into my lap, terribly worried now. I wish quite suddenly for a phone so I could call my dad, ask him what the hell is going on. But none of the other cadets have that privilege and I guess if he really thought it was important, he'd get in touch with me and Rafe. He wouldn't keep us in the dark - not really.
"Yeah," Luca says on a sigh. "I think we all feel the same."
I nod, forcing myself to move on from it and lifting my eyes again to meet his. "Are the captains the same?"
"No, actually," Luca says with a grimace. "Heggardy and his co-captain are back amongst the general draft pool and there are four teams this time. Each only with one captain."
I quickly do the math, my eyes going
wide. "So, Jacks and Rafe are against each other this time? And.. I gasp, leaning forward towards him, suddenly livid. "And Wright and Blythe are captains too!? What the hell They came in last place!" 
"Yeah," Luca says, leaning back and running a hand through his hair. "We can only assume that your boy Tony had something to do with that."
My wolf turns towards Luca now, curious about the slightly bitter way that he calls Tony "my boy." What is the deal with these two, anyway? Why is there this weird antipathy? "Wait, how did Tony have something to do with that?"
Luca shrugs. "Our best guess is that the Captain doesn't think that Wright or Blythe got the chance to show what they could do. And then,
considering that Heggardy and net
Jones still got their asses kicked after Tony basically took out his entire team..." Luca shrugs and I nod, putting the pieces together. 
"Well, this sucks," I sigh, shaking my head and leaning back against my own hands. "We're going to be even more divided now."
"Unless Rafe or Jacks decides to throw their draft so the majority of us can be on one team..." Luca shrugs. "Yeah. Looks like it."
"I hate that, I murmur, staring into
space a bit as I think it through. "We shouldn't be split up. We're not going into an actual battle without each other, so why would we practice without each other?" 
"Ariel," Luca says, his voice full of doubt. "How do you know we would go into a battle together? As a group?"
I turn my head to him and blink once, as if it's obvious. "Because I won't let us."
###Chapter 0618
Luca's face bursts into a grin, I think loving the confidence with which I declare that none of our little group are going into battle without the others by our side. "What, you don't believe me?" I ask, grinning at my mate.
"You just..." he shrugs, smiling and shaking his head at me, "have absolutely no authority to make that kind of claim."
I sit up straight. "I am a Princess of this nation," I say, tilting my head a bit.
"But you're not in the line of command," he says, holding out a hand to me. "Listen, Ariel, I have utter faith in you - you just...have no grounds on which to make that call."
I twist my lips to the side, considering this. "Well then," I says quietly, mostly to myself. "Looks like I'm going to have to get some grounds."
Luca hums his support, nodding to me, and I heave a little sigh and turn my eyes up to him. "Is that all the news you wanted to tell me about?"
"That's the gist of it," he says with a shrug. "I'm sure Rafe and Jacks will have more to fill you in on in their own way."
"Okay," I say, my eyes glittering now with a bit of devious excitement. "You ready to do Faiza's homework with me?"
Luca quirks his head, picking up on my strange shift in mood. "I don't know, Ari - am I?"
I laugh, leaning forward and grabbing his hand, pulling him up to his feet. "You are - just trust me," I say, beaming up at him when he stands straight. "This is right up your alley. You're going to love it."
"I kind of already do," he says with a smirk, wrapping his arm around my shoulders. "Anything that's got you this excited is bound to be interesting."
"To say the least," I say, grinning and heading towards the door, grabbing his hand as I do. We stop to scoop up our bookbags as we hurry out.
"Where are we going?" Luca asks, laughing as I pull him along the hall.
"To Daphne's room!" I call over my shoulder, giving him a grin.
My mate looks at me with surprise but then hurries his steps, as eager to hear what I'm planning as I am to show him.
A few minutes later, I rap excitedly at Daphne's door.
She opens it quite quickly - almost as if she was waiting for me. "Hey!" Daphne says, her eyes as bright and eager as her smile. "Come in!"
"Hi hi!" I say, laughing and wrapping my friend in a hug. "Did Faiza come up?"
"Yes, I met your terrifying teacher," Daphne says, giving me a hug and then moving to give Luca one after he closes the door. "Terrifying!?" I gasp, looking around at the few boxes that Faiza dropped off here. "She's not terrifying, she's nice."
"You...have a different definition of terrifying, Ariel," Daphne says, giving a little laugh and crossing her arms as I look up at her with a surprised grin. "think it may come from the fact that you grew up calling the scariest Alpha in the nation dad' and being bounced on his knee." 
"My dad is not scary," I say with a frown, defensively crossing my arms over my chest.
Daphne opens her mouth to , but Luca beats her to it. "Trust me, gorgeous," he says, crossing his own arms and giving me a level gaze. "Your dad is scary. Terrifying actually is the right word."
"He's very nice in repose," Daphne eagerly qualifies, holding out a hand to me. "But...I don't think anyone wants to cross him."
Luca's face pales at some memory but I just roll my eyes at both of them and turn back towards the boxes. "You guys are crazy, dad's a big softie. What's in these?"
"I don't know, I didn't open them," Daphne says, coming over to me as I sit down between the boxes, starting to dig in.
"Have you no curiosity?" I ask my friend, my eyes glittering with excitement.
"Oh, I have plenty of curiosity," she says, folding her legs elegantly as she sinks to the floor next to me, peering into the box I've started to open. "I also have a job." "Job schmob," I mutter, waving Luca over to us. He, too, takes a seat on the floor.
"What's all this?" he asks, likewise peering into the boxes.
"Disguises!" I say, laughing as I pull out a silky black wig that looks a great deal like Faiza's own hair - why on earth would she need this?
"Ohhhh," Daphne says, beginning to eagerly dig into the box, pulling out article after article of interesting clothing. "Oh, there's some good stuff in here..."
"What on earth is all this for," Luca murmurs, pulling out a short candy-pink wig and peering at it, baffled.
"My assignment," I say, pulling out
more s of clothing and
accessories. "It's my new
assignment, while Faiza takes some time off She wants me to
concentrate on being able to blend into my environment, to change my personality to become...whoever I want people watching me to think I am." 
###Chapter 0619
Luca and Daphne make appreciative noises as I explain, as fast as I can, Faiza's plan for me over the next few weeks. That I'm supposed to take time practicing how to control the way I am perceived in a room of strangers. Not only how to draw all attention to me in a room, but also how to disappear and become someone unnoticeable - a maid, a member of the serving staff. How to play it sexy and lure people away into corners, or how to play it so stupid that people think I don't understand what they're saying. Just to...become whoever I need to be to get my job done.
"Why on earth does she want you to do this?" Luca asks, frowning at me and then at all of the stuff. "Why this, when the war is coming to such a...crux?"
My voice is a little softer now, some of the excitement leaving it. Because this is something that Faiza and I discussed quite seriously and at some length. "Faiza thinks that I'm more useful as a spy than on the battlefield," she says quietly. "Neumann and she have been giving me good reports. She thinks it's more likely that I'll be... behind enemy lines, rather than on them."
"Whoa," Daphne says, her eyes going wide. Next to her, Luca goes rigid at the idea.
"I know," I say, my shoulders curling in a bit under the weight of the responsibility. "She's taught me a lot about how to do things unseen - how to pick pockets and locks, how to slip something into someone's drink - but in order to do that stuff...I've got to get into the room in the first place. Which sometimes means...not being Ariel Sinclair. Or Ari Clark. I've got to learn to become...other people too. Or at the very least, other versions of myself." "Holy crap," Luca whispers, staring at me curiously. "That is...no small task."
"Yeah, that's what all this is for," I say, spreading my hands out to encompass all the stuff Faiza left in Daphne's room. "This is all on loan, by the way, but she wants me to practice being...comfortable in other people's skin. Adopting new identities, making it convincing." "Other people's skin and their hair, apparently," Luca murmurs, lifting a shaggy brown wig experimentally. "Who on earth is this supposed to be?"
I just laugh and snatch the wig from his hand, returning it to the box.
"Wow," Daphne says, pausing as she rifles through the second box to look at me with interest. "I would have...no idea how to do any of that." "Yeah, me neither," I say with a little sigh, shrugging my shoulders. "That's why she wants me to go practice out in the real world." "How the hell are you going to do that?" Luca asks, doubt in his voice.
"Well, that's where you come in, babes," I say, grinning and reaching out a hand to rest on his forearm. "You're taking me out tonight." "What?" he breathes, staring at me like I'm insane.
"Actually," I say, laughing and reading for a long wig of curly auburn hair. "Technically, you're taking...Daphne."
I shake the wig out and toss off my cap, quickly stretching the lace netting with my fingers and settling it onto my head. That done, I sit up quite prim and proper, and press my fingers delicately to my chest. "Hi," I say, pitching my voice way too high, "my name's Daphne, I'm a
seamstress at Alpha Academy, and I like long walks on the beach and - 
Daphne bursts out laughing, giving me a shove. "That is so not me!"
"I'm a workaholic with high-fashion ambitions, and I like to dress my princess friends in very skimpy gowns -" "You loved that gown!"
I give up the act, laughing too hard along with my friend and wrapping her up in a hug, murmuring my apologies and that I don't mean any of it. She just nods, accepting my teasing with the good grace with which it was intended. 
"All right," Luca says, smiling between us even as he shakes his head, though I can feel his anxiety down outbond. "As cute as you are as a redhead...what... what on earth are you talking about? Where the hett am I supposed to
take...Daphne?" 
He holds out one hand towards me, pleading for an answer.
"Like I said, handsome mate," I say, leaning forward to grin at him. "You're taking me out tonight - to the bars in Newtown, so I can test my skills." For the second time this hour, Luca pales in shock.
###Chapter 0620
Thirty minutes later, Daphne and I have utterly ignored Luca's ions and turned me out in what is actually a pretty convincing facsimile of her outfit, hair, and makeup.
"I mean, you're shorter than me," Daphne says, gnawing on her thumb nail as I slowly turn in a circle for her, letting her observe the effect of the long skirt she so hastily hemmed to my height and the jacket she nipped in at the waist and chest. "And I don't like that we just rolled up those sleeves - here, take it off, I'll hem those too -" "Oh, it's fine, Daph!" I say with a laugh, eager to get started - Newtown, I know, is a bit of a walk away, and I want to get started.
"Hair's not precisely the same shade of auburn too," Luca murmurs from where he leans against the wall, his mouth pursed. "But...I mean, I think at first glance...it's pretty convincing. Nicely done, you two."
"Thanks," I say, turning towards him and giving him a pretty smile.
He laughs at me, shaking his head. "Daphne is sultry, not perky. You've got to work on that."
"Sultry!" Daphne laughs, shaking her head at him and coming forward to nip at a spare thread on my jacket with a tiny set of scissors. "Look at you, Luca Grant, giving me compliments."
"Just the truth, Daph," he says with a smirk.
I think for a moment, watching Daphne move, and when she steps away to put her scissors on the shelf, I put my hand on my hip with a sigh and move towards Luca with the long, confident stride that Daphne uses to cross a room - nothing like my usual short absent- minded steps.
Luca's eyes go a bit wide as I reach him.
"Was that better?" I ask, transforming back into myself.
"Holy shit," he says, laughing at me as he puts his hands on my hip. "You've definitely got the walk down!"
"I have a walk!?" Daphne asks, laughing and turning towards us, curious.
"You have like, a signature strut, Daph," I say, wrinkling my nose her way.
She blushes and waves a hand at me. "Oh, I so do not. Now get out of here so I can get back to work."
"Actually," say, grimacing a little as I move to the door where Luca and dropped, our bookbags. "Would you take these... upstairs for us? Maybe with a note so that Rafe and Jesse don't totally flip out?"
"Of course I will," Daphne says, giving me a broad grin. "Good excuse to go check in on the Sinclairs anyway."
I squeak with joy, thrilled to have such a good friend. I quickly cross the room to her, throwing my arms around Daphne and thanking her profusely for all of her help.
"Anytime, babe," Daphne says, laughing a little and hugging me tight. "The only payment I ask is a full story the moment you come back."
"You got it," I say, giving her a final squeeze and then hurrying over to my bag where I pull out my notebook, beginning to write a hasty note.
Jesse hums to himself as he goes
down a flight of steps at the back of
the castle, absently messing with his shadows as he does - making shapes fit into the air, and then disappear, and then manifesting a shadow cat first in front of him and then dissolving it to mist as he passes through it, reforming it
behind him. Just fooling around,
really. 
But a flash of auburn outside one of the stairwell's narrow, slitted windows has him doing a double take and backing up a step, pausing to lean close to the wall and peer out the window with a frown on his face.
Because...
Because he'd swear his life on it that that's Daphne's bright hair trotting away down the path towards the hills that they run through every morning, but...
But what the hell is she doing holding that guy's hand?
Jesse goes stiff as he sees it, his
nostrils flaring, his wolf turning
towards the sight with a heavy growl that echoes.in his chest. Jesse focuses on the sight before him, fascinated, as the guy turns a
brilliant smile on Daphne, laughing at something she said, his dimples
flaring. Jesse's growl deepens, his
canines starting to extend - because he knows that smile. 
And that face, and that confident stride.
What the fuck is Luca Grant doing holding Daphne - his Daphne's hand!? And running away from the Castle just as the sun is going down!?
Jesse's head fills with a buzzing rage as he completely fails to comprehend the truth presented clear before his very eyes. Because - why - they would never - not Daphne - and Luca - but-who-
###Chapter 0621
"Oh, hey Jess!"
Jesse spins towards that voice he'd recognize in his sleep, his jaw dropping. "Wha-" he sputters, looking between the redhead before him with two bookbags slung over her shoulders and then back out the window at her double - even wearing her clothes - disappearing now into the darkness. "How - what -" "What's wrong?" Daphne asks, frowning at him, peering closer, her eyes going wide when she sees his extended teeth.
Jesse just huffs in confusion, stepping back from the window and taking a second to cover his mouth with his hand, forcing his canines back, before gesturing vehemently towards the window. "Would you please like to explain your doppelganger!?"
Daphne laughs, her face brightening with mischief as she hurries to the window, looking out of it. "Oh, can you see them from here? That's not very sneaky -"
"Daphne!" Jesse barks out, needing answers.
"Jess," she says, turning to grin at him and tucking a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. "It's Ari! She's on like...a homework mission from Faiza. That's my handiwork, by the way," she says, gesturing out at his cousin as Jesse again peers from the window in shock. "I'll take your utter befuddlement as compliment that I've done my job well."
Jesse just stares as Luca and Ariel disappear from sight behind a hill. Then he turns to slump against the wall of the stairwell, staring at Daphne and shaking his head. "Luca is very lucky that you found me here, Daph," he says, staring at her and watching her grin deepen. "I was seriously about to tear him to pieces."
"So loyal to your cousin," Daphne says, hoisting one of the bookbags higher. "Though you know Luca would never cheat on her, and I'd never do that to her. You should have known something was up."
Jesse just stares at Daphne for a second too long before he pushes himself up off the wall. "Yeah," he says, working hard against his smile. "Angry for Ari's sake. I... should have known Luca wouldn't do that." He clears his throat and looks down at the bags. "Where are you going with those?"
"Luca's room first, actually," she says, nodding to the bag on the left. "And then yours. Ariel sent a note." She fishes the little piece of paper out of her pocket and hands it off to Jesse, who quickly reads through it, a smirk taking his lips.
"Let me help you, then," Jesse says, smiling as he tucks the note away and holds out a hand. "Give me Ari's - I know it's heavier than Luca's."
"Damn right it is," Daphen groans, slipping it from her shoulder and handing it over. "For such a tiny person, Clark sure does heft around some big books."
Jesse nods in agreement, smiling at Daphne as he turns and the two head back up the stairs towards Luca's floor, side-by-side.
"So, what's this assignment she's on?" Jesse asks, still completely confused. Ariel's note didn't explain much - just that she was safe, and doing homework, and with Luca. "What's the rationale behind stealing your identity?"
"Learning how to 'become someone
else,' apparently," Daphne says, shrugging and giving Jesse a happy grin. "Though I think she's looking forward to the chance to stretch her legs a bit - get away from the stresses of war coming down the line." 
Jesse nods, his face becoming more serious as they walk down the hall towards Luca's door. Daphne fishes a set of keys out of her pocket and uses one to pop Luca's door open, where they slip his bookbag inside. Daphne locks the door behind her before they start again down the hall, towards the staircases that will lead them up two flights to the level of the Sinclair suite. 
"What about you, Daph?" Jesse asks, catching her a little off guard as she gets lost in her thoughts. "Do you have work to do tonight, or are you likewise looking for a chance to stretch your legs?"
Daphne hesitates for a second as
they hit the stairwell that curves upwards towards his room. She tilts her head to the side, considering it as they quickly climb, and then gives a shrug. "I always have work to do," she says. "But...I could be persuaded to leave it off for a little bit Cadets can go without fresh buttons for another day, right?" 
###Chapter 0622
Jesse grins at Daphne as they reach his floor. "Good. Do you want to hang out then?" "Of course," she says, grinning at him and starting towards the familiar Sinclair doorway.
But Jesse reaches out a hand and puts it on her shoulder, stopping her. "Actually," he says, turning his head a little, a small smile quirking at the corners of his mouth. "Do you mind if it's...a smaller party tonight? Rafe and Jacks just found out they have a draft tomorrow and they want peace and quiet in the room - they're stressed as hell."
"Oh," Daphne says, her eyebrows going up as she looks at the door and then back at Jesse. "Um, sure. Did you have something else in mind?" A hesitant smile arches across her face.
"Yeah," he says, taking a step closer to her and dropping his hand from her shoulder. "I've got an idea of where we could go. You just...wait here, all right? For...fifteen seconds?"
"But I'll be all lonely," she says, twisting her face in mock disappointment.
Jesse laughs and raises a hand, a little shadow kitten forming in it immediately and making Daphne squeal with joy to see it. "Here, Mittens will keep you company," Jesse says, laughing and tipping the kitten into her arms.
Daphne laughs, petting the kitten's barely-there fur and peering down into its adorable face, completely distracted as Jesse moves towards his room.
Distracted enough to miss the fact that Jesse stands at his door for a few seconds longer than he needs to before he opens it, just watching her, his eyes crinkled with joy. He only starts back into motion when his wolf gives his heart a sharp bite inside - telling him to hurry the hell up.
Jesse grins and presses open his door, moving fast towards his cousin and Jackson, sitting across from each other on the sofa and talking seriously about plans for the draft.
"Whoa," Rafe says, looking up at Jesse in surprise. "I thought you were going to the library?"
"Change of plans," Jesse says, dropping the note in Rafe's lap and Ariel's bookbag at Jackson's feet. Then he ignores their questions, heading immediately for his bed and reaching behind the headboard for the contraband hidden there.
"Okay, so," Jesse says, ducking through the wide sixth-story window and stepping out onto the ledge. "Just come out here with me, and then -"
"Jesse," Daphne groans, leaning away from the hand he extends to her. "I'm not - I don't want to jump out a window -"
"It's just a little jump!" he says, grinning at her and keeping that hand extended. "Honestly, just like, a mini leap. Barely a hop."
"Jesse," she sighs again, but
somehow her hand is already in his, and he tugs her out onto the wide ledge with him. When she sees the drop below them, though, Daphne gives a squeak of fear and slams her eyes shut, turning hard to bury her face in Jesse's shoulder, hate this.
I hate you." 
"No, you don't," he murmurs, wrapping a warm arm around her. "you're perfectly safe, Daph. And it'll be so worth it! Just...I do need you to open your eyes for the next bit." "No," she groans, "I wish to meet my death blind."
"Daphne!"
"Respect my final wishes, Sinclair!"
Jesse bursts out laughing and raises
a hand to her cheek, giving her a little pat. "We seriously have to take one step to the left. My dad took me here when I was a kid - before they had five replacements for met Do you think he would have risked me if it wasn't safe?" 
"I don't know, Jess," Daphne says, looking up into his face with wide blue eyes. "I don't get the impression that you were the most likeable kid."
He bursts out laughing again but
turns away from her, dropping his hand from her face and taking a single leap - a hop, really - down onto a balcony just a few inches away, holding onto her hand the whole time. 
"All right, you next," he says, holding his hands up to her.
"I can't believe you left me up here," Daphne says, pressing her back to the outer wall of the stone castle, squeezing his fingers hard in her hand.
"I hate you," she whispers, but then she presses her eyes shut and turns towards him and gives a frightened little leap. Jesse catches her, of course, and easily sets her on her feet, smiling the whole time.
"Just jump -"
###Chapter 0623
Daphne loosens a long breath when her feet are again on wide, steady ground, but Jesse keeps his hands on her waist holding her steady. A few moments later, she opens her eyes and lets out a long breath. "Still hate me?" he asks, smirking.
"Yes," she replies, narrowing her eyes.
"How about now?" Jesse uses his hands on Daphne's waist to turn her around towards the incredible view spreading out before them - the incredible ends of the sunset still lingering in the sky, turning the horizon purple and blue with streaks of pink, stars just starting to peek out in the night. Daphne gasps a little, walking forward to the balustrade before her, spreading her hands out on the stone and peering into the distance.
"Wow," Daphne says, her voice soft with awe. "Why - why can't we see this in the castle? Why aren't there any windows that looked this way?"
"Selfish king, apparently," Jesse says, coming to stand next to her and leaning against the balustrade himself. "Only wanted his balcony to take in this view. Kind of a dick move, if you ask me."
Daphne looks up at Jesse and then at the wide glass doors behind them. "Is that where we are? What used to be the King's suite?"
"Still kind of is," Jesse says with a shrug, following her gaze. "Uncle Dom and Aunt Ella use this room when they come to the Academy overnight."
"Oh, so we're trespassing." Daphne says, eyebrows raising as she turns her face back to him.
"Nah, I'm royalty too," Jesse says, giving her a wink and nodding over to a set of cushioned chairs at the corner of the balcony, a tiny table set between them.
"Royalty adjacent," Daphne says, deliberately casual, needling him.
Jesse, quite satisfyingly, gives her a bit of a glare as he sits down, pulling his backpack off. "If you're mean to me, no whiskey for you."
"You think I want whiskey?" she asks with a lang down in the
chair next to his and pointing
at the window ledge that they
jumped off of to get over here. "When I have to climb back up on I that to get back to my room
tonight?" 
"Oh, we don't have to go back that way," Jesse says, giving her a wicked grin and pulling out a pack of cookies as well, placing them next to the whiskey bottle on the tiny table. "You have keys, don't you?"
Daphne's mouth falls open as she
realizes that that Jesse's right. That
she does have a ring of keys et
pocket that get her into every
residence room in the Castle in case she needs to make a clothes
delivery including the royal suite. 
"Oh, you rat," she snarls, reaching out and snatching the whiskey bottle off the table, pulling at the cork. Jesse laughs again, pleased as sin, and opens the cookie pack, popping one in his mouth. "Oh, come on, Daphne," he says, shaking his head at her and relaxing back in his chair. "Life's no fun without a little adventure."
"Yeah, well," she sighs, taking a long swig of the bottle before handing it over to him. "I'll choose the level of adventure next time. Maybe we'll go for a thrilling walk. Feed some spicy ducks by a haunted pond."
"If you're there, I'm in," Jesse murmurs, taking the bottle and holding it up to her in a toast. Then he raises it to his lips and takes a long drink.
Daphne watches as he does, her eyes drifting over the long length of his neck, the drift of his tawny lashes over his cheeks, the way his hair curls, just slightly, at the ends.
And as she watches, her stomach
Sand
tightening, her wolf dodges from paw to paw in her soul, sniffing anxiously. But still, even when she doesn't find what she wants, the wolf sits back on her haunches raises her snout to the air. I think it's him, she says, desperately confused. It has to be - who else could it be? He smells so nice. 
But there's no bond? Daphne murmurs to her wolf, stroking an anxious hand over her fur.
I will find it, the wolf says, jumping again to her feet and turning in an eager circle. It has to be here - it has to be.
###Chapter 0624
"Selfish," Daphne says a little later, laughing as she reaches out and snatches the cookie packet from Jesse's hand. "How many of these are you going to eat?"
"All of them, obviously," Jesse murmurs, lunging to grab them back but missing when Daphne laughs again and pulls them to her other side. "I have to eat them all - Ariel's more likely to notice that half a pack is missing than a whole one." "You stole these from Ariel!?" Daphne's gasp is scandalized.
"They taste better when you steal them," Jesse says, grinning, "Especially from Ariel. She gets so mad."
Daphne laughs with him and takes a cookie herself before handing the pack back. "I never get you sibling-types," she says, taking a small bite and then curling up in her chair with her head resting on the back of it, gazing at bit at the boy next to her. "All the teasing - what's the point?"
"I don't really know," Jesse says, turning towards her as well, both of them blissfully ignoring the show that the sky is putting on, seemingly just for them. "Something about growing up in such close proximity just...makes you want to torture the crap out of someone, even if they're your favorite person on earth."
Daphne grins at him, a little whistful. "That kind of sounds...nice. Psychotic, but nice."
"Do you think you'd have liked it?" he asks, letting his eyes drift freely over her now in this stolen moment - over the gentle curve of her cheek, the way she curls up so neatly in the chair. "Having as many siblings and cousins as I've got?"
"I don't know," she whispers with a bit of a frown. "I think I'd be...a completely different person if I had. So it's like asking me if I want to be someone else."
"That's a no, then," Jesse says, decided, reaching for the whiskey bottle. "Any world in which we lose you precisely as you are is a tragedy, so - definitely a no." He gives her a coy wink before taking a sip.
"Oh, you're just flattering," Daphne says with a sigh, accepting the bottle from his hand and taking her own long sip. Jesse smirks, knowing that he means every word of it. "What about you? Ever miss being an only child?"
"Never really was," he murmurs, looking steadily at her now. "Rafe and Ari were always around, riding the coattails of my glory -"
Daphne laughs, shaking her head at him and looking out over the landscape again. He grins and keeps his eyes on her.
The pair sit in quiet for a long moment, but none of it is awkward, none of it bad. Just... peaceful.
"Tell me what you're thinking, please," Jesse says, quiet.
Qu
Daphne blinks out of her reverie and turns back to him, an embarrassed smile shaping her mouth. "Well," she says with a sigh, snuggling up against the cushion. "I was thinking about...how much nicer this year at the Academy is. Compared to the others that I've spent here." 
Jesse's face breaks into its own smile. "And I assume I can take full credit for this improvement?"
"Conceited," Daphne says with a scowl, kicking out her foot to tap punishingly against his knee. His smile deepens. "Only partial credit. But really she shrugs, "having you all here has been...so nice. I didn't have alot of friends growing was a solitary little creature and when I came here I never expected to make real friends. I'm very grateful that Ariel stepped onto my riser that day I think my life would be...very different if she hadn't."
Jesse smiles, looking down at the cookies in his lap, suddenly grateful for that little twist of fate too. "Wish I'd gotten you as my tailor that day as well," he murmurs, fliddling absently with the cookie packet. "Oh yeah?" Daphne asks, soft. "Why?"
"Because," Jesse replies, looking over at her. "The guy I got was handsy."
"What!?" Daphne bursts out, laughing.
"He was!" Jesse insists, making her laugh harder. "Honestly, it doesn't take anyone that long to measure an inseam - he was thorough -"
"Jesse!" she protests, kicking him again. "You're such a liar -"
"I'm not!" he counters, laughing as well, pretending to flinch away from her kick. "It was like, intimate - at one point he made eye contact - I don't know, Daph, your co-workers..."
But soon they're both laughing too hard to continue, and Jesse quietly enjoys the sincere pleasure of making her laugh - the way her eyes crinkle up into half-moons, the way her laugher spills from that beautiful smile, her whole body shaking with joy. God, if I could just have the chance to make her laugh like that every day - for the rest of his life...
But it fades after a moment, and Daphne's eyes open again, pleasure still shining there. "I never know what you're going to say, Jess," she sighs, shaking her head at him.
"That's what I'm here for," he murmurs, giving her a wink. "Keeping you on your toes."
She nods, glancing out over the landscape again. "Whole world seems to want to do that lately, though," she sighs, her joy fading from her a bit. "That's the other half of what I was thinking about before - how happy I am, and how Selfishly angry I am at Atalaxia for calling you all off to war and messing it all up." 
###Chapter 0625
"Yeah," Jesse says, his stomach turning over with dread as he looks out over the landscape before them. "All of that is...no good."
"Are you...worried about it?" Daphne asks. Jesse turns back to towards her, curious to see her peering at him a bit through her lashes, a little frown on her lips.
He takes a minute to consider his reply.
"I'm worried about losing the people I love," Jesse says softly, heaving a tiny shrug like he doesn't even want to concede that much. "I know I play it...glib a lot, pretending I don't care, but there are many people in this world who I love so deeply that to lose them would just...crush me."
Jesse looks off towards the darkening sky, the corners of his mouth turning drastically down - an expression that makes Daphne's heart twist to see it on the face which she rarely sees without a smile.
Still, it's not like she didn't know about his depths. Jesse - he's not that good at keeping them a secret, at least to her.
"You can't fool all of us, Jess," she says quietly, bringing his eyes back to her. "We know your still waters run deep." His mouth quirks into an embarrassed smile as he looks down into his lap. "All my pretense has failed me."
"You've got a big heart, Jess," she says, nearly a whisper. "You should let more people see it. It's lovely. You're lovely."
He clenches his jaw against the words, his eyes fluttering shut. Jesse swallows hard and Daphne fights her own smile in return. He clears his throat.
"What about you?" Jesse asks, lifting his eyes again to hers. "Are you worried about it? The war and stuff?"
"Nope."
His face bursts again into the smile. "No worries? Not a single one?"
"Nope," she says again, smiling back and shaking her head at him, delighting a bit in his surprise.
"Okay, girl," he says, laughing a little. "Reveal your secret to me. How can you be so sure it'll all work out?"
"Ruthless optimism," she says, giving a little shrug and holding his gaze, almost unblinking. Then she bites her tip, clearly deciding how much more to disclose. But Jesse looks steadily back at her and sees the moment when her dam breaks. "The... the day my dad died was the worst day of my life," Daphne whispers quietly. "And I was really little." 
Jesse's heart sinks all the way down, all smiles wiped from his face in an instant when he sees the pain of losing her father clear on her face, even all these years later.
"But," she continues, "I decided, right then and there, that it was going to be the worst day. That it couldn't get any worse than that, and that every single day after that was going to be better - even if I had to wrench the better out of it with my bare hands."
She holds her hands out to him then, almost as if she can show him her determination. He looks down at her perfect white palms, fascinated by the strength in her, strength he's not sure he can match.
"How do you manage it?" he whispers. "Living every day with such...hope? Aren't you exhausted?"
"Sure," she says, giving a shrug and dropping her hands. "But it's worked for me so far Just... keep going, keep pushing, keep trying and the
universe turns with good things. mean, look what I got," she says, her smile deepening. "I have a job that pays well and lets me do what I love. Imake enough money to help my mom. I'm designing clothes for a duchess. I have wonderful friends. I met you." 
Jesse's heart rises again to see her list her blessings, to be counted among them.
But shame rises with it. Because Daphne, who started life with so little and with such tragedy, who has so much less than him...lives life free of the fear he carries around every day, so heavy in his chest. His wolf gives a heavy shake then, climbing to his féet, determined to be better.
"It's okay," Daphne says, bringing his attention back to her. "I can be...hopeful for both of us, if you're not there yet."
"I'll take you up on that," Jesse says, impulsively holding out a hand to her in the dark. Quietly, she slips her palm against his and gives his hand a squeeze when his fingers wrap light around hers. "Even as I try to be better, it might take me a minute to get there."
"Oh, I think you can do it, Jess," Daphne whispers, beaming at him. "I see great things happening for you."
He squeezes her hand back, his heart rising still, hoping to hell that he can live up to her expectations. Inwardly, his wolf sets himself to the task.
###Chapter 0626
Luca grabs my arm and hauls me back to his side the moment I gasp, my eyes going wide and shiny, and attempt to dash into Newtown's main - and only - square. "Ari," he growls, shaking his head.
"But it's so cool," I whisper, fascinated, looking around at the little store and the three bars and the restaurant and all of the rooms above. Who lives here? What sort of stuff goes on in those rooms? And where do the -
"What are you talking about?" Luca says, laughing a little and drawing my attention suddenly back to him. "This place is a dump."
"It is not a dump - why are you being so mean!?"
"Ari," Luca says, a broad smile breaking out over his face as he gestures at the little town, "every single building here is made of plywood. It's a dump - it would all fall over in ten seconds, if it wasn't held up by Cadet lust and debauchery and the need to let of some Alpha steam."
"That's so cool," I whisper, turning my head back to the square, fascinated. "I've never been anywhere like this."
"Most people would count themselves lucky to be able to say that," Luca says, dry.
But I just flap a hand and give him a scowl. Because Newtown might be...a little ramshackle, but it's fascinating - there are whole lives happening here that I know nothing about! And which I'm desperate to explore.
"Okay," Luca says, taking my other arm and turning me fully to him now so that I can't get distracted by the town. "Come on, Ari, you've got to be cooler than this. You're not the na?ve princess fascinated by the seedy underbelly of Academy life anymore, right? Who are you?
I sigh, realizing that he's right. "I'm Daphne."
"And what is the number-one rule?"
I sigh again. "To not be obvious or recognized."
"And the number-two rule?"
"That if you say we go, we go, no questions."
"Good," Luca says, nodding once. But then he raises an eyebrow at me. "And? What are we not going to have?"
I stomp a foot, pouting at him. "But it's no fair!"
"Ari," he says, narrowing his eyes, voice low with warning. "This is homework - an assignment."
"But homework is fun!" I protest, my whole heart in every word.
Luca works very, very hard against his smile and beats it. "What. Are we not. Going. To. Have?"
"Any fun," I answer, sighing, looking down at my feet, deeply depressed.
Lying, too, because I'm having a great deal of fun even now. Still, know that Luca is right - that I do
have a tendency to get carried away and that I really do need to be careful. 
"That's right," Luca says, straightening up and letting go of my arms. "And what are the two personalities we're trying out tonight?"
I hold up a finger as I list each that Faiza assigned for my first trip. "Daphne and then dumb as a rock."
"Good," Luca says, giving me a firm nod.
"And then, if we have time, wanton floozie."
"Ari!"
"Come onnnn," I moan, grinning, leaning my body close to him even as Luca puts a hand in the center of my chest, holding me physically back as he scowls at me. "It would be the perfect place to try it! Ben says," I look around, eager, dropping
my voice, "Ben says there are Ladies
of the Evening here."
"Are you talking about prostitutes?" Luca says, leaning close to me, baffled. I nod eagerly and he bursts out laughing. "Why are you calling them Ladies of the Evening? Are you some kind of like, scandalized pre-industrial waif?" "Yes," I say, nodding firmly. "That's the fourth identity we'll try tonight - I'll be good at that one. See!? Fun!"
Luca can't help but laugh as he
shakes his head at me. “Look, I already have the feeling that your brother and your cousin are going to kick my ass for going along with. this. So if we could please just take it easy on night one?" My mate looks at me with pleading eyes and I sigh, straightening my shoulders and nodding. 
"Okay, okay,” I say, looking again over at the bars. "Which one are we going to?"
"That one," Luca says, nodding towards a building called the Black Hawk.
"Why?"
"Because," Luca says, his voice dry. "There are the fewest Ladies of the Evening there. I'm not taking any chances of anyone...mistaking you."
"Me?" I gasp, pressing a hand to my heart. "People would mistake me?"
###Chapter 0627
"You're a pretty girl, Ari," Luca says, leaning down and raising an eyebrow at me. "In a place like this? You could make some bank."
I gasp, delighted. "That's the nicest thing you've ever said to me."
He bursts out laughing and shakes his head at me, raising his chin at the Black Hawk. "Come on, Daphne," he says, putting deliberate emphasis on my assignment. "Let's get this done. And please," the seriousness in his voice makes me turn to him again, paying attention, "please remember that this is dangerous, okay? Take it seriously?"
"You got it, kid," I say, giving him a wink. Then I exhale and straighten my shoulders, throwing my curling red hair over my shoulder the way I've seen Daphne do a thousand times. "So, do you want to get a drink? Or what?"
Luca's face bursts into a grin as he sees me take on her personality - or at least, as close as I can get. "Sure, seamstress," he says, shaking his head at me a little. "You lead the way."
I turn with confidence, heading to the door, trying to take on Daphne's poised stride as best I can. As I walk, I try to think of all the things that make my friend who she is - confident, cheerful, optimistic, fun, hard-working - and do my best to embody them, to forget all the things that make me me and become, instead, her.
I have no idea whether or not it works, but still I set myself to the task as we walk into the bar. The place is as shabby as I was promised it would be - with wooden walls and a sawdust floor, each of the tables slapped together out of what looks like spare wooden parts. The chairs, too, are simply stools.
But despite all of that, the place is packed - and at least a quarter of the patrons are wearing black Cadet uniforms. My eyes go wide as I recognize a few faces. God, it's not even a weekend - how often do they come here?
Luca clears his throat, frowning down at me and I school my face into less shocked lines.
"You get us a table," I say, falling back into my Daphne persona as I wave a casual hand towards my mate and for the bar. "I'll get us some drinks."
Behind me I hear Luca sigh, but he doesn't counter me. "You got it. I'll be...just over here."
I raise my chin a bit, walking smoothly over to the bar, slipping the little bit of money that Daphne had laying around out of my pocket so that the bartender can see it. A little thrill runs through me - honestly, this is one of the first times I've been at a bar ordering a drink by myself. In my Princess life, if I do go out at all, I'm usually tucked away in a VIP area with waiters, or if not then a bodyguard will go order for me.
Even the thrill of doing this by myself runs through me with a delicious shudder.
The bartender - tall, a little grizzled, sees me and comes over when he finishes with his patron.
"What will it be?" he asks, bored.
I panic inwardly because I suddenly realize that I did not get this far in my thoughts. What - what would Daphne say?
"Two...beers. Please." I say, looking confidently up into his face even though inwardly I quail.
He just smirks at me. "Sure. What kind?"
"Um!" My voice hums high in a way that is much more Ariel than Daphne and I take a deep breath, looking down the bar. "Whatever's omtap?" 
His smirk deepens as his eyes sweep over me. "We've got two on tap tonight."
My inner Daphne takes over as I lean e forward with a sigh and grin at him. "Whatever is your favorite, then say, giving him a cheerful nod. "You pick for me." 
The bartender nods once and steps away to get the drinks and I straighten up, letting out a long breath, wondering how the hell this is going.
To my surprise, I get an answer to my silent question immediately.
"Daphne," a curious voice says to my
left as a hand softly brushes my
arm, "Hey, it's good to see y
what are you doing here.
"
belongs to en.kikio
But Tony's voice fades as I turn to him in surprise.
As his face drops in shock, mine bursts into a smile.
###Chapter 0628
"Oh hey, Tony," I say, beaming at him and resisting the urge to laugh my ass off at his slack jaw, his unblinking stare. "Nice to see you! Did you just come out for a drink or," I look around, but don't see anyone with him, "are you out on a date?" "Whaaaat weird-ass alternate dimension did I fall into?" Tony whispers, running a hand through his hair just as his face bursts into a grin.
"The best kind," I say, grinning at him in return, wrinkling my nose. I jump a little as the bartender places the two beers in front of me and names his price.
"You can put them on my tab," Tony says, raising his chin towards the bartender, who nods and walks away.
"Aw, thanks, Tony," I say, genuinely touched. "That was nice."
"Seriously, Ari," he says, stepping closer to me and looking around, anxious. "What the hell are you doing here? This isn't the sort of place where -"
"Daphne, let's" Luca strides over, his voice tight and anxious, but his whole demeanor shifts when he realizes that it's Tony I'm standing next to and not some stranger. "Oh," he says, scowling a little and looking Tony up and down. "It's you."
"In the flesh," Tony says cheerfully, giving Luca a wide, slightly wicked grin. "Nice to see you, man." Luca doesn't return the sentiment.
"He thought I was Daphne," I whisper eagerly to my mate, pleased as hell. "Mission accomplished!"
"Is that's what's going on here?" Tony asks, leaning in towards us both a bit as I hand Luca one of the beers and take a sip of the other, grimacing as I taste it. Beer...is not my favorite. "You're like..." but then he stops and shakes his head. "No, I don't get it. Do I want to know?"
"It's homework," Luca says, putting a hand on my shoulder and attempting to turn me away. "Maybe the less you know the better."
"Cooler homework than I get!" Tony calls, laughing a bit and giving me a wave as I follow Luca away. I give Tony a pout over my shoulder and mouth "sorry," nodding to Luca, but my friend just gives me a wink and waves me off, letting me know that he's not bothered by our abrupt departure.
"I feel like our cover's already blown," Luca murmurs, anxious, looking around. "Maybe we should go."
"No way!" I say, laughing a bit and shaking my head. "It was a success! Didn't you hear me - he actually thought I was Daphne!"
Luca sighs and looks down at me, shaking his head as we arrive at the table he claimed.
"Okay, go away now," I say, sitting down on one of the stools and waving a hand at him. "What?" Luca hisses, sitting down on the other stool and looking at me like I'm crazy.
"I want to try the other identity now!" I say, a bit between my teeth, not wanting it to look to others like we're arguing. I'm supposed to be really dumb! Which means you can't be hovering over me - people have to actually come over here so can see if Pcan convince them!" 
"I want to stay close," Luca growls, "where I can protect you. The people here, Ari -"
"Daphne," I correct, raising an eyebrow.
He just rolls his eyes. "They're not like...nice."
"Luca, you can just go glower in the corner," I say, flashing my eyes at him, a little angry. "It's eight feet away - I'll be fine!"
He sighs hard but then stands up, glaring at me a bit but doing as I say and walking away. I settle my shoulders primly for a second, pleased that he agreed, but then I remember that I'm not supposed to be prim - Ari is a bit prim - but whoever I am now...probably isn't.
I exhale a long breath, trying to
transform again and remembering what Faiza and I practiced, a little, in the classroom. As I sit quietly with my hands wrapped around my beer I adopt a bit of a vacant stare, an eager expression, pretending to be interested in the s around me like I'm fascinated by them and don't understand how they work. 
I slip disturbingly easy into this personality smiling a little as I take a sip of my beer, looking around and forcing myself to notice everything- the clock above the door, the variety of men all standing around, the few women - some of them very beautiful - likewise spread out in the room. 
My results are nearly instant.
###Chapter 0629
"All by yourself tonight?" A man says, coming over to my table and plopping himself down on a stool. I watch him with interest, noting his jeans and his button-down shirt, his reddish-blonde beard that's slightly stained at the corners of his mouth. I do my best to avoid a grimace and instead go even more vacant and bubbly.
"What?" I ask, blinking at him.
He smiles at me, pleased. "Are you here by yourself tonight, pretty lady?"
"Oh!" I say, beaming, and then I laugh like it's the funniest thing I've ever heard - something else Faiza recommended when talking to men. "Yeah, I'm here all on my own. Just thought I'd, you know," I shrug. "Check it out." "New to town," the man says, giving me a satisfied smirk and lifting his chin towards my beer. "What are you drinking?"
"Oh, I don't know," I say, looking down at my beer and giving another tinkly laugh. "I just...told the bartender to get me whatever. I don't know a lot about beer. Um, do you?" I look at him with a great deal of hope in my eyes, worrying that I'm overdoing it. But the way the man leans forward, desperately pleased to share his beer knowledge, lets me know that he's bought my act hook, line, and sinker.
Over the next few minutes I use all of the tricks Faiza taught me - asking lots of questions, answering his own questions about me vaguely and always with a laugh, always turning the conversation back to him like I don't have an interesting thought in my head and everything he says is fascinating.
It only takes us about half a beer for him to make his move. "Listen," the guy says, leaning forward towards me. "You want another drink? Then maybe we can...get out of here?"
"Oh, um," I say, biting my lip and giving a delicate shrug. "I would but..." I gesture over my shoulder towards Luca. "I'm actually here with my boyfriend."
"Your boyfriend?" the man asks, raising an eyebrow as his face falls. He looks where I'm gesturing and, to my surprise, his lips turn up in a smirk. "If that's your boyfriend, missy...I'm not sure he's treating you too good."
I turn around, my
shock only
increasing when I see that Luca is indeed standing in the corner where he indicated he'd go. But he's there with three women, each of whom are kind of fawning all over him. And, to my shock, he's got his eyes locked on one of them and isn't even looking at me. 
"Come on, baby," the man says, reaching out and wrapping a hand around my wrist. "I'll treat you real nice, unlike that playboy -"
"Sorry, babe," Tony says, slipping
onto the stool next to me and putting an arm around my shoulders. "I got busy catching up
with some friends." He leans in to kiss me on the cheek and then turns his eyes to the man with his hand around my wrist, his expression going shockingly cold. "And who is your new...pal." 
Tony flashes his teeth and glances down at the man's hand, his meaning perfectly clear.
"Fucking Academy brats," the man says, immediately removing his hand and standing up as he rolls his eyes. "Whatever." He walks away, disappearing into the crowd.
"Thanks, Tony," I say, turning to him with a little grimace before glancing again at Luca, who still hasn't noticed that something's changed. "My backup kind of failed me on that one."
"Any time," Tony says, dropping his arm from my shoulder and glancing over at Luca himself. "You...good now?"
"Yeah, I think I can handle it from here," I say, pushing myself up from my chair and turning towards my mate and his three fans.
"Cool," Tony says, smirking at me. "See you in class tomorrow." He gives me a wave as he walks away and I take a moment to look after him, grateful again that our friendship is growing. Tony - he's really got my back, doesn't he? Unlike some people.
I turn towards Luca again, striding
off in his direction, suddenly not liking Newtown as much as I did before now that I see how much? attention he's clearly garnered in so short@time. Jealousy rises in me as one of the girls - pretty, blonde - places a hand on his chest and leans forward towards him, smiling up into Luca's pretty brown eyes. 
My eyes narrow when I see him flash his dimples at her, see her melt at the sight of them.
###Chapter 0630
I tuck all of my jealousy away as I walk over to Luca's corner, instead doing my best to transform into another identity - not Ariel, who is angry at her mate and ready to set Luca aflame for letting another girl touch him. Someone else - someone cooler, more confident and
assured. Closer to Daphne but...not quite her.
Because Daphne would probably want to kick Luca's ass too.
"Hey," I say, tucking my hands behind my back and standing casually outside of Luca's little group of fangirls. All four turn their eyes to me and Luca grimaces. Honestly, I think he kind of...forgot where we were for a minute.
"Buy a girl a drink?" I ask, batting my eyes.
The two other girls move away slightly, feeling my predatory confidence, my claim on him. But the blonde flashes her teeth at me, leaning into Luca, bold enough to press her body close to his. Luca goes still, grimacing further, seeing how this looks - and honestly, deep down, I know that he never intended to let it go this far. That he was just flirting, messing around, killing time whie I worked - probably remembering his lifestyle before he came to the Academy and met me. I don't fault him for that.
But I find that my wolf and I very much do not like the sight of another girl pressed all up on him in this ramshackle little bar. I bare my teeth at her in response, a visceral reaction.
"Whoa, whoa," Luca says, seeing that this is not going well. He places his hands on the girl's shoulders, attempting to gently let her know she needs to back off, but she just leans further against him.
"Do you even know who this is?" the girl asks, sneering at me.
I blink innocently at her and then shift my eyes to Luca, anger welling in me. "Why, should I? Is he like, famous or something?"
Luca sighs a bit, meeting my gaze, apology already in his eyes. But I ignore it.
"He's Luca Grant," the girl says, laughing at me derisively. "And he's not going to mess with trash like you."
"Trash like me?" I ask, turning my eyes back to the girl and beaming. I don't know what makes me do it, makes me smile at her, showing all my teeth as my wolf climbs slowly to her feet, her hackles rising, eager for the fight. But the way the girl's eyes widen lets me know that she gets my message, even if I'm not spitting and snarling. "Are you...sure you want to go there?"
"Becca," Luca murmurs, starting to push her away.
"Becca," I coo, stepping closer, looking at this girl like she's adorable. "It was really nice meeting you, but I think it's time for you to go."
"Oh, fuck off," Becca says with a snarl, looking me up and down like I'm nothing. "I found him first."
"Oh no, Becca," I say, my voice too cool, too quiet, taking another step closer. "No, you didn't."
"All right, I'm going to...end this now," Luca says, pushing Becca away from him and giving her a sad little grimace. "It was really nice to meet you, but -"
"Oh whatever, Becca hisses, pissed,
glaring at him. "I'll just go to the tabloids and tell them you were here. I'll get as much money selling the story that the Champ is cheating on his mate the Princess as I would have from any business tonight." 
My eyebrows go up at her gall.
"Go ahead," Luca says, leaning close to her face and raising an eyebrow at her. "And as soon as you do, my manager will show up on your doorstep with a libel case. Because I never did anything like that."
Luca gives the girl his prettiest playboy smile, and then a wink, and then turns to me, giving all three girls a good sight of his back as he walks over and offers me his arm. "Done here, Daph?"
"Yup," I say, smiling up into his face and slipping my hand demurely around Luca's elbow. And then, together, Luca and I walk very, very casually from the bar.
We walk in silence for a bit, but
when we get far enough away that
the lights of town start to fade and we lose ourselves in the hills between Newtown and the Castle, I drop my hand from Luca's arm and take a step away from him. 
"Ari," Luca sighs, "it was nothing -"
"Was it?" I ask, looking up into his face, curious.
"They were working girls," he says, holding a hand out to me, pleading. "I was just...talking to them. They were fans -"
"Luca, I don't care if you were flirting
a little with some girls that approached you at the bar," I say, cutting him off when I realize that be still has no idea what happened. "But I was Counting on you tonight did you know that Tony stepped in? Pretended to be my boyfriend, got that guy to back off when he was holding onto my wrist?" 
###Chapter 0631
I hold my wrist up towards Luca like it's evidence as my mate's mouth drops open in surprise.
Then he scowls, looking down at the ground, clearly pissed and disappointed in himself. "I'm sorry," he says after a long moment as we walk, looking down at the ground. "...I guess I got more distracted than I thought I did."
I forgive him instantly, hating to see him sad and stepping a little closer to his side. After all, no harm was done - not really. "I guess...I didn't really think about what it would mean for you to come down to Newtown. That you'd be recognized and that it could cause trouble for you."
Luca sighs, looking up at the sky and shaking his head. "It's not a big deal - it's not like I haven't dealt with that sort of thing before. Girls just...they have an idea about what you owe them, when you're a celebrity." He shrugs. "She won't do anything. I really am sorry, Ariel -I...should have been concentrating on you more."
I just shrug, looking up at him, my brows knitting together a bit. "Why weren't you, though? I mean, when I sat down you were all concern. But then some girls come over to you and you've got no more eyes for me?"
He smirks a little but shakes his head. "It's not like that at all, Ariel. You're the only one I care about. I just..." he sighs and looks down at his feet. "I guess I liked the attention, is all. I think...I fed on it more than I thought I did, before I came to the Academy. Women liking me, telling me how great I am all the time."
"Luca," I gasp, stepping closer and slipping my hand into his. "I tell you how great you are all the time!"
"And it means everything," he murmurs, lifting my hand in his and pressing a kiss to the back of it. "Again, I'm sorry - I'm really surprised at myself and I feel absolutely awful."
"It's okay," I sigh, taking my hand from his and slipping my arm around his waist, leaning hard against his side. "I forgive. Just...next time please pay attention more."
"This is just going to be more reason for Tony to not like me, isn't it?" Luca asks, dry, grimacing a little as he looks ahead onto the path.
"Does Tony not like you?" I ask, peering up at him, confused. "What's the deal with you two?"
"I've got nothing against the guy," Luca says, shrugging and looking down at me. "There's a weird vibe between us, but it's all from him."
I hum consideringly in the back of my throat, turning that over, wondering if Tony would say the same thing.
"Hey," Luca says after a few more steps, and I turn my head up towards him in the dark. "It was very sexy," he says, smirking at me, "when you came up and told those girls off." I burst into a grin, shaking my head. "No it wasn't."
"It was!" he insists, laughing and
tugging me closer to his side. "You should have seen yourself. When she told you to go away and you just...smiled at her? Like you were going to enjoy it when you ripped her throat out?" A palpable shiver runs through Luca, making me laugh. 
"Oh please," I say, ducking my head and blushing a little. "It was nothing like that -"
"No, it was," he says, stopping in his tracks and turning towards me, using the arm around me to pull my stomach flat against his. "Honestly, Ari, you weren't playing a role there. That was the vicious little fire goddess coming through. And it was...very badass and very cool."
I grin up at him, desperately pleased. "Oh yeah? You like my fire goddess side now, do you?"
"I like all sides of you," he murmurs,
quickly bending his knees and dropping his hands to my thighs and pulling me with him as he sharply stands up. I laugh in surprise as Luca pulls my legs up around his
waist and then wraps one arm around my back, his other hand
(e
drifting lower. "Especially this side."
"Hmm," I say, giving him a nudge with my nose. "The red-headed fire goddess side? Honestly, Luca, I thought you liked me innocent and blonde and sweet."
"Oh, I like that during the day," he murmurs, and I bite my lip as his hand moves slowly over the curve of my ass. "But at night..."
He doesn't have a chance to finish his sentence as I quickly lean forward, pressing my mouth to his. Luca groans, holding me tight against him as he stumbles back into a copse of trees where we're alone in the dark.
###Chapter 0632
Things get heated fast between Luca and I as he pulls me back between the trees, moving quickly to the ground and taking me with him. I moan into Luca's mouth as he kisses me hard and fast, as his hand slips beneath Daphne's little jacket, finding the skin of my back
as his other hand wraps around the back of my neck pulling me close.
I get more and more lost in him with every fervid kiss, my hands moving first through his hair and then fumbling at the buttons of his shirt as I pant against his lips, pressing myself closer to him. And as my fingers work at the top button of his shirt, and then the second, wanting to slide my palms against his body, I realize that Luca and I - we haven't done this in a long, long time. That we just haven't had the time - that I've been wrapped up in Jackson, and also that midwinter and school have truly kept us apart.
But now that we have this moment here, in the woods? And I can taste him, feel again the way his mouth moves hot on mine? God, but I want him. Very, very badly.
Luca groans, dropping his hand from my neck and pulling hastily at my skirt to find the bottom. When he finally finds his way through the folds of fabric, his hand sliding first up my calf and then up my thigh, the intensity of it makes me break away - makes my head fall back on my neck as his fingers skirt the edge of my panties, wrapping around them, wanting desperately to rip them off.
I lift my head back up, a little dizzy with the intensity of it, shifting my hips in his lap until I can feel the hard length of him pressed against me. Luca moans, and shudders, and presses a kiss to my neck. Then he opens his mouth and I can feel him press his canines, already extended, against the soft skin there. A hard shudder goes through me at that and my wolf howls, desperate and anxious at once, pressing at the edge of our bond.
I turn towards her, not understanding as she darts back and forth in my soul, a whine in her throat because - what? Why is she -
But then I frown, realizing that...
"Luca," I say, pulling back from him a little, my hand moving to cup his cheek, my thumb tracing over his bottom lip.
He looks up at me, his eyes half lidded with his want. He doesn't say anything, just stares at me and then leans forward, wanting my mouth again on his. But I pull back and shake my head, my frown deepening. "Luca, where is your wolf?" "What?" he asks, blinking back to himself and frowning at me in turn. "What are you talking about?"
I shift away from him, turning my head, trying to remember back, but...
Was there...ever a time? When our wolves connected, as Jackson's and mine do every night?
"The bond," I murmur, terribly confused and suddenly a little afraid, "my wolf is looking for yours - where...where is he?"
Luca starts and then just stares at me, the mood shifting in an instant. "What are you talking about?"
"Luca," I whisper, leaning forward, a smile flickering on my mouth - thought it doesn't stay long as worry becomes my primary emotion. "My wolf just wants to connect with yours when we're...together. Why are you holding back?" 
"Why do you want to do that?" he asks, looking at me like I'm crazy.
I go still, worry and a little shame rushing through me because...I don't know, because Luca's looking at me like I said something...dirty. "What are you talking about?" I whisper. "Why wouldn't I want that? 
Luca shifts then, lifting me off of his lap and setting me next to him on the ground, even as he turns to face me. “You want our wolves to like meet? Across the bond?" 
en FindNovel
"Well, yeah," I say, biting my lip, completely confused. "Why - I mean why haven't they? Are you...holding back?"
His face turns then, his mouth pressing into a stern like. "Why? Is that what you do with him?"
"What?" my eyes go wide with the accusation in his voice, the jealous fear.
"With Jackson," Luca snaps, his mouth turning down. "Do you guys like, connect across your souls, wolf-to-wolf or something?"
###Chapter 0633
I straighten, frowning at Luca in turn, still completely shocked that the mood has changed so completely within the past thirty seconds and not liking at all where this is going. I straighten my shoulders, narrowing my eyes at my mate. "This isn't about what I do with
Jackson," I snap, looking at him evenly. "I'm asking you about you. About your wolf."
Luca scowls, looking away from me and curling his shoulders inward, looking for all things...lost, and self-conscious. "Can we just...leave my wolf out of this?" he murmurs.
"Why?" I ask, barely a whisper.
"Because I asked you to," Luca snaps, glaring at me from the corner of his eye.
I sit even straighter, staring at my mate, completely unused to being iced out like this. But as I watch him, I realize that Luca is being nasty to me right now because he's...hiding something. Because he's hurt, or afraid.
I tuck my own anger away, making a mental point to talk about this particular method of confrontation at a later time, and instead turning to the real problem at hand: the fact that I'm not sure I've...ever met Luca's wolf. Except that one time when he completely lost his cool the day he found out I have another mate - when he shifted, and he and Jacks attacked each other.
I stare at my mate, trying to figure it out as he stares moodily into the trees, working hard to control his breathing. As he does I concentrate on our bond, on my little rose-gold wolf whom I love so much, who is such a friend to me, as she nudges the bond with her nose, forcing it to become a bridge between our souls.
It's so much...harder than it is with Jackson, who has always been so open to me.
Luca flinches, turning to glare at me a little bit harder. "What are you doing?" he snarls.
I don't answer as my wolf moves slowly across the bond bridge to his side, nudging at the wall she finds there.
"Would you stop that?" he snaps.
I just turn my head and peer at him, totally confused and utterly curious. "Luca," I whisper, leaning forward and putting a hand on his arm. "She won't go any further if you don't want her to but...you should let us in." 
Luca snarls, looking away from us again, and to my shock tears start at the edges of his eyes. My wolf whines deep in her throat and curls up at the other edge of our bond, her body pressed warm against the wall in his soul. And I move closer to Luca, doing the same, lining my body up with his as close as he'll let me and putting my head on his shoulder, just...being near. Being close to my mate, who I love, but who I'm just now realizing has
maybe never let me all the way in. 
We stay that way for a long, long time, with me pressed warm against Luca's side. I can feel his chest hitching with held-back tears, can hear him sniffing, but I let him have his space, not acknowledging it. "Look," Luca says when his breathing his calmer, though his voice is still choked. "I'm sorry - it's not your fault, okay? And it's not that I don't want to be close to you like that. I just...I can't."
"Okay," I whisper, doing my best to
understand as my wolf turns again towards the wall and prods it with her nose But even as she does, we can feel that the wall is Luca's that he put it up. That he strengthens and weakens it at will to decide which emotions to pass me, and which words. 
And right now, it's adamantine - stone and iron, with nothing coming through.
But still, it's his. So it's not that he can't...it's that he won't.
"I just..." Luca murmurs, shaking his head and hanging it low. "My wolf isn't like other people's wolves, okay? He's not...safe."
"What do you mean?" I whisper, scared for his sake.
Luca looses a long breath, tears again slipping from his eyes. My wolf lets out a little howl, calling to his over and through the wall, desperate for him to hear it. But I don't say a word, letting Luca have the air.
###Chapter 0634
"When I was a kid," Luca whispers, still not looking at me. "My wolf was...wild. Completely out of control."
My hand tightens around his arm in what I hope is an encouraging gesture.
"He would just...flip out," Luca whispers. "Make me do all sorts of insane things. Like I would just...shift. In the kindergarten classroom." He glances over at me, I think embarrassed to say it. "And just run around tearing things to pieces. When I could hold back the shift - which was rare - he would just constantly howl in my mind and distract me and do all sorts of ridiculous stuff. It was...horrible. And everyone knew."
I think back, as Luca takes a moment to collect his thoughts, to all the times when Luca has told me about his troubled childhood, how angry he was after his dad left, how alone and trouble he felt. But I hadn't realized that his wolf had been part of it.
"My uncle helped me," Luca said, sniffing hard and raising a hand to wipe at his face. "It was the only thing that worked, and it was way too late," he shakes his head. "A strict regimen. Working out so much before and after school that I didn't have the energy to shift. And then keeping a strict, strict leash on my wolf," he says, turning to me, his eyes sad, almost as if he knows what I'm thinking when he says that.
Because a leash on my wolf...god, the thought of it. I mean, I know wolves need discipline so that we can live normal lives but...leashed? My wolf shakes her fur at the thought of it and I run a mental hand over her sweet face, down her neck.
Never, never, I whisper to her. And she licks my hand once before turning back to the wall, licking that too.
"You don't understand," Luca murmurs, hanging his head again, shaking it. "I'm...I'm chaos, without my wolf under strict control. And I'm not letting him out around you."
"Out from where?" I whisper, desperate to know.
"From...deep down," Luca murmurs, frowning at the words as he says them. "Where I...keep him."
Something horrible pangs in me as I realize that that's how Luca's been containing his wolf since childhood. That he didn't go to a therapist, as my brother Mark did when his own wolf was rambunctious and disruptive, learning how to talk and negotiate and understand his wolf's needs, balancing them with his own. That instead Luca just...shoved his wolf down by force. Made him submit.
"Luca," I say, lifting my head to look him steadily in the eyes. "Take down the wall."
"Ariel," he growls, shaking his head vehemently. "I can't -"
"Take it down, say, soft. And when he doesn't move, I reach for him, cupping his cheek in my palm, leaning close. "You're my mate," whisper. "You're mine, which means he's mine too. Take down the wall." 
Luca pauses, not even breathing.
QUMS
And then, with a long and shuddering breath, the wall at the other end of my bond with Luca crumbles to the ground. My wolf rises to her feet and softly pads forward, her head low, searching.
But fortunately, it doesn't take long to find him - despite Luca's insistence that his wolf is tucked away, deep down...the poor darling wants to be found.
My wolf head turns instantly when she hears his soft whine, her eyes narrowing as she peers into the darkness towards the sound. When the whine sounds again and she trots forward, sniffing hard, searching.
And it's only when her paw lands on
soft fur that
He looks down and
realizes that he's... right there. As we peer into the darkness, Luca's breath catches in his throat as two rich brown eyes open in his soul and his wolf peers up at mine, frightened. 
"Oh, Luca," I sigh, reaching for him, climbing into his lap as my wolf lowers her muzzle and nudges his wolf, just behind the ear, encouraging him to stand up.
"Don't, Ari," Luca whispers, shaking his head even as he wraps his arms tight around me, frightened. "He's going to hurt her."
"Oh, don't worry about my wolf," I murmur, raising my head and running my fingers through his soft hair. "She's made of tough stuff."
"Still-"
"Shh," I say, continuing to scratch his scalp softly with my nails but resting my head against his and closing my eyes, concentrating on our wolves.
Slowly, Luca's wolf gets to his feet and my wolf peers curiously at him as he stumbles a few steps, like he hasn't gotten up in a long time, and then shakes himself. My wolf steps back a bit, surprised to see that he's he's covered in mud, on whatever the equivalent of that in Luca's soul is. She steps forward, sniffing, giving him a little nudge. 
###Chapter 0635
But Luca's wolf snarls, turning to snap at her, and Luca goes tense beside me. I just shush softly to him as my own wolf snaps back, narrowing her eyes and telling him with her body language to back the hell off. Luca's wolf goes still, I think fascinated by mine, not used to being stood up to and not punished in the same breath.
My wolf trots around Luca's, then, taking in the colors of his sandy brown fur, which is lank and matted, noting the awkward way that he stands, like he hasn't run or gamboled or played in years. And then she gets back to where she started, right in front of him. "So what have you been doing, Luca?" I whisper quietly, stroking his hair. "Just...tucking him away? Living as human a life as you can?"
"I let him out when I box," Luca murmurs, leaning into my fingers. "When I need the rage. But keeping him contained - Ariel, you've only me calm, collected, even-tempered Luca."
I pull back a bit, raising an eyebrow at him, which makes grin a little, though there's a great deal of shame in it. "Yeah," he murmurs, leaning close. "So...just imagine what I'm like when my wolf's not under control."
Luca's wolf stands stark still as mine slowly raises her snout and then, very carefully, presses the tip of her nose to his. Luca's wolf stops breathing, and then so does Luca, as my wolf takes a very deliberate step forward and presses her face against his neck, nuzzling warm against him and using her snout to knock free some of the dirt that's matted in his fur.
Luca's arms tense around me as his wolf growls at mine, not knowing what to do, not knowing how to respond except to warn her off, tell her to get away. But she ignores him, continuing her work, pressing herself cozily against his side and getting her scent all over him, knocking some of that dust loose. Even when he lowers his snout and nips at her rear, she just responds in kind and doesn't back away, letting him know that she's not afraid.
In my arms, Luca begins to cry.
And in our souls, the wolves connect. My wolf nudges Luca teasingly with her nose and then darts away, falling into a play stance with her front half low to the ground while her tail twitches in the air. His wolf huffs a laugh and takes a few gamboling steps towards her - but he stops, and hesitates, looking around, knowing it's not allowed. Waiting to be pushed back down, to be shoved away.
"Let them," I whisper, my voice ringing softly with joy to see Luca's wolf free.
And then my wolf gives a daring yip and spins, dashing off into the darkness, bidding him follow. And Luca's wolf can't resist, letting out a shaking howl and then setting off after her into the woods that form for them, space for them to run.
I recognize the woods, almost
instantly, as those of our
dreamscape The place where our wolves should play together, and in which they never have. I press my mouth together, incredibly sorry that I never noticed - but Luca and 1, we found each other first, before I ever met Jackson in our cliffside space and realized that it was as much a space for our wolves as it is for us. But of course it is - what else is a magical dream state for, except to connect in our souls?
"I'm sorry," I whisper, lifting my head and looking into Luca's face as our wolves dash through the forest, as the mud and dirt starts to shed itself from his wolf's fur. "I should have noticed sooner." But he just shakes his head, and leans forward, bringing his mouth again to mine.
And as he kisses me, all I can feel
down the bond is gratitude - gratitude for seeing him, for believing in a different way to treat one's soul, for not being afraid. But also his fear - that now that he's
-
wolf's unleashed that....bad things are going to happen. 
I just kiss him back, letting him feel my love, my warmth, my affection. The confidence that we can do this together. How could I be afraid of you, I murmur to him, mind-to-mind. You're mine. You're me - us. And I'll never let you go.
Luca just sighs, and wraps his arms tighter, holding me close to his chest and tucking me beneath his chin a? our wolves continue to run
themselves out, nipping and playing as they go. And as we sit quietly in the woods, just holding each other - I have to admit that with this breakthrough, I've never felt closer to him. 
###Chapter 0636
Daphne grins at Jesse, laughing at something else he's said and reaching for the last cookie in the sleeve when...
She turns, a little shocked, towards the little tiny clock on the mantlepiece in the room that rings three times.
"No way," she whispers, her mouth falling open as she turns wide eyes back to Jesse. "There's no way we stayed up until three in the morning."
"I am very fascinating, Daphne," Jesse murmurs, sleepy and smug, stretching his hands behind his head and lacing his fingers there. "Do not doubt my powers of keeping someone up late into the night talking about...absolutely nothing." She laughs, shaking her head at him, but also sighs and stands, stretching her own arms.
"Don't do it, Daph," Jesse murmurs, sighing and dropping his hands, reaching for his backpack. "I've probably got more cookies in here - we can pretend its ten o'clock."
"Jesse," she says, laughing and shaking her head, putting her hands on her hips. "You have to sleep too."
"No I don't, Jackson has this cool new thing where he can just jolt energy into you," Jesse says, jabbing a finger into the air to demonstrate the method. "I'll just - stay up all night -"
"Oh yeah?" Daphne asks, raising an eyebrow. "And does that work for mere mortals too, or just you magical types?"
Jesse scowls, staring up at her, but then sighs and gets to his feet. "Fine fine, woman, you win," he mutters, disappointed to see the night end.
"Hey Jess," Daphne says, taking a step closer to him and folding her arms anxiously across her stomach. He turns to her in surprise, looking down into her face. "Um," she says, letting her eyes fall, "this was...really nice. Maybe we should do it again some -" But suddenly she frowns, her head snapping to the right as she peers over the balustrade. "Did you hear that?
Jesse just stares at her, not giving a damn what's happening on the ground below, desperately wanting her to finish her question.
"No, seriously," Daphne says, glancing up at him and then moving to peer over the balustrade. "Is that..." she leans far forward, narrowing her eyes. "Is that Luca and Ariel? Coming in this late?"
"What?" Jesse asks, moving to stand next to her and looking himself. "Oh damn. I think it is."
"What on earth are they doing out there so late?"
"They might have the same question for us, if they knew we were spying on them like this," Jesse murmurs.
"Well, her skirt is all muddy," Daphne says with a smirk. "So, not too many questions about what they were doing all night."
Jesse just scoffs and then laughs, standing up straight to look at Daphne in surprise. "With Luca? No way."
"What are you talking about?" she asks, straightening and turning to him in turn.
"Ari is going to pick Jacks," Jesse says, crossing his arms over his chest. "It would kill him if he know she was out fooling around with Luca in the woods. She wouldn't do that to him."
"No way," Daphne says, leaning closer to peer into Jesse's face. "Luca and Ari have been in my room twice lately and they're so close - whenever she's with Jacks it's so...platonic! He barely touches or acknowledges her!"
"Because you only see them in the big group!" Jesse says, grinning at her, "when Jackson's on his best behavior!"
"Well, when is he not on his best behavior!?" Daphne counters.
"When he sleeps in her bed every night," Jesse says, his smile deepening as he plays his trump card. Daphne's mouth falls open, scandalized, as she turns back to the two figures walking quietly across the Castle lawn, Luca's arm around Ariel's shoulders and hers around his waist.
"Well damn, Ari," Daphne murmurs, shaking her head. "Good for you, girl."
"I don't know," Jesse murmurs, shaking his head. "She still has to choose one. I thought Jackson had it locked but..." he shrugs, again casting out a hand towards the pair below.
"This whole choice thing is so stupid anyway," Daphne murmurs. "The goddess fated her both. She should get to keep both." She shrugs and turns away, remembering how late it is and the call to bed.
"Yeah, I think you're over-estimating how possible that is," Jesse says with a sigh. "Jacks and Luca are on okay terms right now but...forever?" he shrugs. "I don't see it happening."
"What, you couldn't share?" Daphne asks, mischief in her voice as she turns to Jesse at the door, watching as he puts what's left of the whiskey into his backpack and then lifts it over his shoulder.
"Share my mate?" Jesse asks,
pausing. And then, perhaps not meaning to he lets his eyes drift all
re
the way down Daphne's form and back up in a way that makes her blush, imagining a very vivid scenario of precisely whom he would be sharing. "No," he says, locking eyes with hers at last.
"Absolutely not." 
"Even if she - your mate - asked you? As a personal favor?" Daphne smirks here, playful. "Fulfilling the will of the Goddess?'
"You and your personal favors,
Daphne," Jesse murmurs, stepping
close
close enough for her to
catch a heavy whiff of his scent, which makes her eyes flutter half shut. Do me a favor, Jesse, and don't hit on me - just be my friend! Do me a favor, mate, and let me Dome have a side piece! Honestly, Daph, do the demands never cease?" 
Daphne bursts out laughing at this, blushing and turning towards the little glass door into the royal suite, pulling her keys out of her pocket and swiftly unlocking it. "Yeah, well, a girl only gets what she wants when she asks for it," Daphne murmurs, wondering for the millionth time what it really is that she wants. 
Jesse nods, conceding the point, and follows Daphne across the suite, both of them silent and tired but still not wanting the night to end - not really. When they get to the wooden door that opens to the rest of the castle, though, Daphne pauses, sorting through her keys. "Jesse," she says quietly when he arrives next to her in the dark. She fiddles anxiously with her keys.
"Yeah?"
"Um."
When Daphne looks up at him, biting her lip, Jesse's wolf's legs go weak, his head lolling to the side as he gives a tender little howl - because they both know that they'll give her whatever she wants right now, any single god damn thing she asks for and he'll run to the end of the earth to get it.
But Jesse doesn't let this show. Instead he just smiles and nods to her, encouraging her to ask.
"What if..." her cheeks flush bright red and she looks down at the keys in her hands. "What if I...retracted that particular personal favor?"
Jesse's heart stops dead in his chest.
She peeks up at him through his lashes. "What if I said...that...you know, if you wanted to, if you felt like it...you could...hit on me again. If...if you wanted to? Even just as a joke, like it was before."
###Chapter 0637
-
It takes every single bit of Jesse's control to keep his cool in this moment. To not shout in victorious joy, and pump his fist in the air, and snatch Daphne up into his arms and spin her in a circle. To refrain from telling her that hitting on her was never a joke – that he was just
shit at it, and didn't know what to do - and he just wanted to make her laugh, always just wants to make her laugh-
For the rest of his damn life wants to make her laugh -
But Jesse just exhales slowly, looking away to the side with a shrug, trying and failing to keep a smile off of his mouth. "I mean, sure, that's fine," he says, his voice only shaking a little tiny bit. He turns his eyes back to her. "Do you want me to like, start right now?" Daphne's blush deepens even as she beams, turning towards the door with the key in her hand. "No, Jesse, don't be ridiculous," she murmurs, laughing as she jabs the key at the door and then realizes that, of course, she doesn't need it. That the lock turns from the inside in here - she won't need the key until they're out in the hall.
Jesse grins as Daphne's whole face goes red and she hastily pulls the key back, unlatching the door and pulling it open.
"Because I can start now if you want," Jesse says, following her out into the hall, his voice light and teasing as he peers at the beautiful rosy color on her cheeks. "I mean, your beauty outshines the moon and the stars, Daph -"
"Oh, shut up," she says, laughing and giving Jesse a little shove as she pulls the door shut and deftly locks it, slipping her keys into her pocket. "You'll embarrass me."
"Ah, I'd never want to do that," Jesse murmurs, giving an easy shrug and he smiles down at her. Daphne takes a deep breath and regains her equanimity, looking back up at him when the fire fades from her cheeks. "We'll...give it a grace period. See how it goes." "Yeah," Daphne says, her hands reaching up to play with the ends of her hair as she just stares up into his face. "Grace period sounds good. Sounds...logical." Jesse nods.
"Um, I'm this way," Daphne says, nodding to the stairwell behind her. "And you're that." She lifts her chin to the hall behind Jesse. "So...I'll see you soon?"
"I'll walk you," he offers, taking a step towards the stairs, meaning it. A step that conveniently brings him...very close.
"Nah, I'm good," she says, giving him a soft smile. "I'll make it by myself."
"Okay," he whispers. "Good night, Daphne."
"Night," she replies, soft. And then it takes far too long to peel her eyes from his, to turn towards the arch at the end of the hall that leads to the stone set of stairs.
As she walks away Daphne ducks her head, blushing and grinning ridiculously wide, hardly believing that she had the courage to do that - to just...ask him to throw away the rules that she had stupidly set up months ago when she thought she was only interested in Rafe
But how-how had she had the courage to do that to take down the rules - but not had the courage to just grab him, like she wanted to, and pull him close against her. And she totally could have - he had been standing so close! She could have just...stood on her toes! God, was she really that much of a chicken? Honestly-
Daphne gasps as she suddenly spins, someone grabbing her arm, pulling her back towards the hall.
Her mouth falls open as she finds herself again staring up into Jesse's eyes.
"Please," Jesse breathes, shaking his head as he pulls Daphne into his arms, "please tell me that that was long enough of a grace period. Because I - I can't fucking wait anymore to do this -"
Jesse pulls Daphne desperately to
him like he may never get another
-
(el
chance - like he can't believe he got this one. And then he presses his mouth to hers like it's the last thing he might ever do – like he's desperate for her - like Daphne is the air and he a man alone and gasping on a dying planet. But here, alone, with her
Everything is different - everything has changed.
Jesse bends Daphne back, just slightly, and kisses her like she's the only damn thing on thing in this world that matters to him anymore - like having her in his arms is as natural and intrinsic as his need for air, for water. Like she always should have been here, pressed tight against his body - like he hates the months that passed when she wasn't. Daphne's arms find their way around his neck as the kiss sweeps absolutely through her - through them both, shaking them to their cores, cutting loose any doubts. 
When Jesse pulls away a moment or a century later, panting, his eyes moving over her beautiful, perfect face like it's some kind of
masterpiece, the words just spillet
from him. "I'm in love with you, he whispers, shaking his head, the truth of it plain on his face. "I'm so fucking in love with you, Daphne - I have been, since the moment you walked in our door -" 
###Chapter 0638
She gives a desperate little cry, slipping her hands from around his neck to grip his shirt, like something might try to tear him away and she fucking dares it to try. Daphne yanks Jesse even tighter against her, making him stumble forward with the force of it, both of them laughing as Jesse catches his balance and then pulls her up into his arms, falling back against the stone wall and staring at her, awed. "I love you too," Daphne whispers, smiling recklessly as she rests her forehead against his, laughing even as tears start in her eyes. "I'm sorry - I'm so sorry it took me so long -"
But Jesse just shakes his head - denying categorically any need for apology now that he's got her at last. He just pulls Daphne close, kissing her again and again.
Because this is it, as far as Jesse is concerned. A door shut, complete.
Jesse's shadows swirl out around them, gossamer and fervid, shielding the pair of them from the rest of the world and creating their own private space - just for them, alone. But there - in the corner of the hall, beyond the reach of his shadows.
Something darker lurks.
And is displeased.
I exhale slowly as I slip into our room, pressing the door shut quietly behind me and taking a second to lean against it and close my eyes. Because Jackson is waiting for me in my bed, and Luca is currently walking away down the hall, and I need a damn second to get my thoughts together...
So right here against the door is...kind of the only place to do it.
God, but that was intense. Luca - he makes so much more sense now, but honestly I'm a little freaked out by how much of his whole easy-going playboy persona was a fa?ade - built to purposely conceal the deeply restrained person he is beneath. And, really, I'm shocked at how ably he hid that from me for months - me, his mate! I mean, I know I was na?ve at the start and didn't even think to look for his wolf until my wolf connected so easily with Jackson's, but Luca really did a good job of keeping him tucked away. It explains a lot, honestly, about how Jackson and I were able to get so close so fast while Luca has, oddly, been the slower burn of my two relationships.
And god god I could kill his uncle for making him muscle through that. Luca - he was clearly a kid with a ton of emotions who was told to just grit his teeth and force his way brutally through them, to express himself only in the ring, where his uncle recognized that he had the unique physicality and talents to be a champion. Where he
"Ariel?"
My head snaps up when I hear Jackson's voice.
I glance over at Rafe's bed, where I see the shape of him sleeping, and then at Jesse's, which is oddly... flat. But I ignore that, pushing up from the door and moving to the nook.
"Hey," I whisper, peeking in at the
bed and smiling at Jackson even as
a yawn overtakes me. God, but I'm tired. "I'm fine - I'm sorry if you were worried. I'll just take a quick shower and-"
"Ariel," Jackson says, sitting up and holding a hand out to me. "Just...come to bed. I don't care if you smell like him."
"But," I say, glancing down at myself, knowing I must stink of Luca and feeling weird about it.
"You need your rest," Jackson says, holding his hand out further. "Just...come to bed. That's so much more important."
My heart instantly reaches for my sweetheart mate and I beam at him, completely touched. "Okay," I whisper, nodding to him. "Just...let me go brush my teeth, okay?"
"Whatever makes you feel good," he murmurs, sleepy, laying back down amongst the pillows.
I smile at him again and then hurry away into the bathroom, stripping off Daphne's clothes and leaving them in a pile on the floor, tossing the red wig on top. I splash water on my face and wash my hands, quickly brushing my teeth before skittering off to bed in my underwear, hoping that I got the majority of the scent off. 
When I crawl into bed Jackson reaches for me and I sigh, content, as I lay myself out over his chest. He gathers me to him, one hand wrapped warm around the back of my thigh, the other stroking softly down my back. "Seriously, tiny," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair. "Are you all right?" 
"I'm okay," I say with a sigh, letting my eyes drift shut. "Can I...tell you about it tomorrow? I'm so, so tired." "You got it," he murmurs, still softly stroking my back. I fall asleep faster than I think I ever have in my life.
###Chapter 0639
I'm too tired for the full dream state that night, but even though I'm asleep some part of me is conscious of my wolf moving anxiously to the edge of my bond with Jacks, and lifting her snout, and giving a sharp little howl, her feet tapping and calling to his wolf. Jackson's wolf appears instantly across that little bridge, trotting across it with ease but lowering his head a little when he sees mine - takes in the mess of her fur, covered in dust and dirt from hours running with Luca's wolf, using her body to knock free the mud and the dust. Jackson's wolf huffs with displeasure - not with the fact that she spent time with Luca's wolf and helped him just...not liking to see her exhausted and disheveled. He moves forward then, softly beginning to nuzzle my wolf, cleaning her up in turn. He licks her face, quite tender and gentle, and then moves along her body, rubbing his own against it. My wolf gives another little exhausted howl and lays down. Jackson's wolf takes a few more minutes to look her over, nudging her with his snout and sniffing to make sure she's okay, and then he curls up next to and around her, curving his head warm over her neck as she rests her snout against his paws.
As my wolf drifts off to sleep, I blink awake - just for a moment, and press a kiss to Jackson's chest, incredibly grateful for him.
Because even if I took care of Luca tonight - even if he needed me...Jackson always takes care of me, makes me feel warm and cozy and good. And I love him so, so much for the sweet generosity of his soul, hoping that I can do the same for him.
"You already do," Jackson murmurs, making me jump a little and laugh. "Now go to bed, baby," he murmurs, stroking a heavy hand over my hair. "We need sleep."
"Okay," I whisper, kissing him again and closing my eyes, falling again into a sweet slumber, curled up with my mate, just as our wolves are curled up in my soul.
I wake up the next morning to the very, very pleasant sensation of Jackson wrapping me up in his arms and rolling me over lightly in the bed, pressing a kiss to my neck. I hum lightly, lifting my hands to stroke through his hair and hitching one leg up over his hip.
"I could get used to this," he murmurs, letting a hand drift up my thigh, squeezing my ass as it travels past on its way up my torso. "I do not mind waking up to you in your underwear."
"Shouldn't we just do it like that first night?" I whisper, my head lolling sleepily even as I smile my happiness. "When it was just bottoms, no top?"
"When I get you in a room all by ourselves," he murmurs, nipping the skin of my shoulder before pressing kisses all along my clavicle, "you had better sleep in absolutely nothing." I gasp a little, my head spinning to Jackson as his hand finishes its journey up my body and cups my breast.
"Jacks!" I huff, scandalized, my eyes moving to where the curtain is shut to the room where my brother and my cousin are still asleep - Jesse especially, since he came through the door at around five in the morning.
"What those two don't know won't hurt them," Jackson murmurs, shifting again to settle himself more completely between my thighs and lifting his mouth to mine, kissing me deeply - much more deeply than he usually does in the morning.
I lose myself to it, kissing him back,
letting my body follow its instincts, my hips rising up against my mate my breath coming in little pants. He growls, possessive and warm, his tongue pressing into my mouth in a way that causes a little moan to break from my lips. 
A sound that is...too loud for my comfort.
I break away, biting my lip and shaking my head at him.
Jacks growls his displeasure but nods, pressing a much more chaste and simple kiss to my mouth before rolling away to the side, tugging me with him.
"Well, this is different," I murmur, my heartbeat slowing as I stroke a hand long down his chest and over his hard stomach. "What's got you all frisky this morning?"
"You," he murmurs, stroking a hand
over my hair. missed you last night. I like you here. I mean," he shrugs, "don't want you to feel...bad about not being here - you go what you want. But if we're just talking about my preferences," he shrugs again. "I like you here." 
I grin, nodding to him. "I like me here too."
"Tell me," he urges, pressing a kiss to either of my cheeks. "I want to hear about Faiza's assignment."
I give him the quick run-down as my mate idly runs his hands all over my body, checking in on me, reminding me a great deal of his wolf in this moment. And I tell him most of what we did last night, leaving out...well, honestly, kind of the important bits, the things that will hurt his feelings or make him mad. So, nothing about Tony stepping in to help me when Luca got distracted. Nothing about Luca's trauma or our breakthrough, or how we spent hours in the woods just holding each other, kissing softly, letting our wolves explore their new closeness. 
###Chapter 0640
Jackson's aware that I'm holding something back - I shut down the bond a little bit so he doesn't hear my thoughts or feel my feelings as I speak - but he doesn't say anything about it, giving me my peace and my privacy.
"That's an interesting assignment," he murmurs, letting his hand travel idly up and down my back. "Though...I don't know why Faiza wants you to train so hard as a spy. I'm not...I mean, Ariel, I'm not going to let you go into situations like that without me." I bite my lip and nod, because I agree - I have no intention of doing anything dangerous without Jackson by my side. We've already made that clear to each other and to the Captain.
"She's still my teacher, though." I murmur. "I...still want to learn."
Jacks nods his understanding and takes my hand in his, raising it to brush a kiss over my fingers. "I hope you'll think about bringing me some time in the future," he murmurs, keeping his words light, I think so I won't feel pressured. "I want to see you in action. And keep you safe."
"You just want to see me as a redhead," I whisper, grinning at him.
He snarls a little bit at this and shakes his head, vehement. "You're the perfect blonde," he murmurs, his eyes moving to my hair. "Besides - it's already...pinkish orange."
I gasp a little, laughing and smacking him on the arm. "The proper term is rose-gold."
He laughs along with me, nodding. "Yes," he says, letting his eyes drift shut. "My perfect little rose-gold wolf. I remember."
The curtain to our bed suddenly rips open and I squeak in surprise as Jackson turns to glare at Jesse, who stands there rubbing one eye, looking like he's been run over by a truck. "Jacks," Jesse croaks. "I need the energy. I need it bad."
"I told you," Jackson growls, pointing a finger at him. "Not to get addicted."
"Help," Jesse says, flopping down at the end of the bed and reaching out to wrap a hand around my ankle. "I've got the contact. Give Ariel the juice. I'll never ask again."
"Yes he will," I sigh, even as I flop my hand out to Jacks and he rolls his eyes, settling his hand in mind and starting to pass energy to me.
"It's your fault," Rafe calls, and I peek over Jackson to see my brother frowning and moving towards the bathroom. "Why the hell were you out till five anyway, Jess?"
"I was being broody," Jesse calls. "Looking at the stars, contemplating existence."
Rafe just stares at our cousin for a second like his choices of pastimes are a complète mystery. But then shrugs. "Whatever. Get your energy set you have to take Ariel for her run while Jackson and I draft"
—
Rafe heads into the bathroom without another word as I gasp, sitting straight up, having totally forgotten about the draft today.
"If you were up brooding all alone," Jackson murmurs, smirking as he looks down at Jesse, still passing both of us his magical energy. "Why do you smell head to toe of Daphne this morning?" gasp again, spinning to look at Jesse.
Jesse glares hard at Jacks. "You keep your god damn mouth shut, you traitor."
"Jesse!" I whisper-shriek, my hands flying to my chest. "What - how did you - what -"
"Ariel, I am too tired and you are too naked for this conversation," Jesse mutters, closing his eyes and looking away. "I confess nothing. Your boyfriend's stupid snout is mistaken." "No, it's not," Jackson says, dry.
"How can you smell her on him?" I whisper, leaning over towards Jesse and sniffing but - I get nothing.
"My sense of smell is better than yours," Jackson murmurs, casual. I scowl at him, jealous, which just makes him burst into a grin.
"You're telling me everything," I
growl, turning back to my cousine and kicking my foot out at Jesse- an act of violence that does nothing, since he just tightens his grip on my ankle and absorbs the blow. 
"No, I'm not," Jesse replies, sighing and looking up between Jackson and I. "There's nothing to tell. Now let's go!"
Jesse smacks my ankle and then jumps out of bed, looking utterly refreshed.
"God, I love my cousin's mate's powers," he calls, stretching his arms over his head and whooping as he moves for the dresser and a fresh set of clothes.
"I just love the mate," I say,
snuggling down next to Jackson for
another moment. He gets all snarly, just the way I like him, making me laugh as he again rolls me in the sheets, kissing me for all that he's worth. 
###Chapter 0641
"We're going on a field trip today," Cora says, grinning around at all of us. I'm the only one who gasps with excitement, sitting up in my chair. Cora's smile deepens and she gives me a week.
"And we wanted Luca to come too," mom says, gesturing towards him, "since Ariel's magic seems to be so closely tied to her bonds - both those with her mates and her siblings. So," she shrugs, perfectly casual. "We want to see what happens when we add Luca to the mix."
"Cool!" I say, grinning, glad for the distraction from the Games and the chance to leave this Castle where I'm suddenly the center of attention. "Where are we going?"
"Just a short walk," Cora says with a shrug, gesturing for us all to get to our feet. "Not far."
"I hope this walk is long enough," Rafe says, moving to mom's side and frowning down at her. "I want to talk to you about the Games - see if you can intercede."
"Intercede?" mom asks, going a little pale and wrapping an arm around me as I come to step close to her.
"Yes," Rafe says, his eyes moving to me and then to my mates who come to stand behind me. "The plea with the Captain...did not go well. We're going to try again tonight but I want to see if we can go over his head to dad."
"Oh geeze," mom says on a sigh, looking around at all of us and then tugging me towards the door. "Walk and talk, meatball. Clearly, we've got a lot to cover this afternoon."
We all troop outside together and then into the hills - away from Newtown this time, not towards it. As we walk Rafe and Jesse fill mom and Cora in on the drama from this morning. Jacks walks with them, listening closely and adding details where needed, glancing back at me every minute or two to ensure that I'm fine. I smirk while I watch him do it, knowing it's some Alpha instinct nudging him to ensure that I'm okay.
Luca and Tony walk on either side of me behind the larger group, both of them silent. But I just let them do it, not in the mood to intercede and try to get them to be buddies. I don't get their drama but honestly - now isn't the time to dig into it.
When we crest a hill, I'm surprised to see a big pile of wood gathered in an open space that's been cleared of debris, even grass.
"Ta-da!" Cora says, gesturing towards it and turning towards me with a smile.
"I mean, thank you," I say, walking towards her as our little group spreads out, everyone but mom frowning in confusion alongside me. "I always love a gift but...a necklace would have done beautifully as well."
Cora laughs and wraps an arm around my shoulders. "Think of it
a blank canvas for your personal art, babes," she says, giving me a squeeze.
"Oh!" I tilt my head to the side when I realize - obviously - that it's the start of a bonfire - a collection of wood for me to burn. Then I burst into a grin and look up at her. "I love it."
"Our little pyro baby," she coos, kissing my cheek and dropping her arm from my shoulders.
"Okay, so!" mom says, clapping her
hands eagerly together and gesturing for me to come forward.
As I do, the boys spread out in a wide semi-circle around us, watching. "Correct me if I'm wrong, Ariel, but from what I understand is that your precise gift - as its Stands
is not actually fire but..,heat. And if you concentrate your magic on a flammable with enough force, you can make it burst into flames, yes?" 
"Yes," I say, nodding and then glancing at Jackson, who nods too, I think not realizing that he's doing it. Rafe smirks as he glances between us, realizing that I've worked with Jackson far more on this than anything else.
"And," mom continues, holding a
hand out towards Jacks now, "when you connect with Jackson through your bond and through touch...you draw on This nearly-limitless magical energy to boost the heat, making your job go faster." 
"Faster and more powerful," I say, folding my hands behind my back and nodding.
"Wait, what?" Luca breathes, behind me. But I don't turn to look at him.
“And!" mom says, kind of beaming at me now, getting really excited - she likes magic, know, and is really pumped that one of her kids magie developed. "When you connect with Rafe and Jesse, with whom you also have bonds, you can...pass Jackson's magic to them as well?" 
"In the form of energy, yes," I say, nodding and shrugging.
###Chapter 0642
"What!?" Luca says, starting to sound freaked out. There's a little tussle behind me and I glance over my shoulder to see Tony frowning and giving Luca a little shove. Luca bares his teeth at Tony, but Rafe casually moves to step between them, giving me a nod. I turn back
to mom.
"Is that it?" mom asks, turning her head to the side. "Is there anything I'm missing?"
"Ariel can like, burn up my shadows," Jesse says, making us all turn to him in surprise.
"Oh yean, I forgot about that," I murmur.
"You forgot?" Rafe asks, kind of laughing.
"I don't know," I say with a grin, shrugging. "We were just messing around on movie night."
"Movie night!?" Luca asks, jealous.
"I'm going to need you to shut up, Luc," Tony snaps.
I deliberately ignore them, and, taking my lead, so do mom and Cora.
"I think we should explore that," Cora says, turning her head and thinking aloud. "To see whether that's just Ariel's magic...interacting with other magic? Or if it's your powers combining somehow because you have a bond."
Luca doesn't say anything at this revelation that Jesse and I have a bond - unusual for cousins - but I do hear him sigh. I reach for him down the bond but am a little unsurprised when I find his wall up, newly built. I move on from it, trying to concentrate on mom and Cora. "Ari, why don't you step forward and let's start to experiment," mom says, waving me to her side. Quite eager, I move forward.
Then we begin to play - a process I enjoy very, very much.
There's a log out front of the big bonfire - which I scowl to hear that we're saving for later - that they ask me to light on fire. It takes me awhile - it's further than the ones I usually work with in our room, and - obviously - I don't have Jackson to give me his powers. Cora pulls a notebook out of her pocket and begins to take fervid notes, writing down everything that I narrate as well and the distance between the and the and the time it takes for it to actually burst into flame.
When it does
about six minutes
later - Jesse Tushes down and
attempts to put the fire out with his shadows which do nothing. So he sighs and uses a little fire safety blanket that his mom gave him for the cause. 
When he trots back, mom calls Jackson forward and has him take my hand.
"If you wouldn't mind, Ariel?" she says, gesturing forward towards the same log.
I grin up at Jacks, who gives me a wink and squeezes my hand. "Oh, I don't mind at all."
I look back at the log and about half a second later it basically bursts into a ball of flame. Everyone jumps and steps back.
"Whoa," Cora says, looking up at Jackson, who remains stoic - even if he can't keep the corner of his mouth from turning upwards, slightly smug.
"Okay okay, enough of you," mom says, waving Jacks away as Jesse again runs forward with the safety blanket, e tosses it on the fire and begins to stomp it out and then goes and gets another log from the bonfire, since the first one was basically reduced to ash
Jackson steps back into the line of boys and mom crooks a finger at Luca, beckoning him forward. He sighs but does as he's told, coming to my side.
"Hands, please," mom says, her voice a little sing-song as she points between us.
"But mom," I say, frowning a little even as I happily take my mate's hand. "Luca doesn't have magic. It would have shown up, right? On the little...orb thing, that Alvez had us hold the first day?"
"Yes, I think so. Alvez gave us the
orb when he left - we checked it out and don't have any reason to believe it's faulty Cora murmurs, studying Luca, "though....I suppose it doesn't matter if it did. No, we kind of think that it doesn't matter if Luca has magic or not. We think it's about the bond." 
"Really?" I ask, interested, looking up at Luca who just looks down at the ground, his mouth pressed in a thin line. I squeeze his hand, kind of wanting to know what's going on, but he doesn't look at me. "Yeah," mom says, watching us curiously. "Give it a whirl, Ariel, see what happens. Worst case, everything stays precisely the same."
"Okay," I say, taking a deep breath and then looking forward at the log in front of me, simultaneously calling on my bond with Luca as I concentrate.
###Chapter 0643
I have to admit, when it's just me and Jesse on the run with the paintball gun, it's way better. Rafe and Jackson concentrate a great deal on training, on pushing, on ensuring that we reach new goals and strengthen our bodies. But with Jesse?
It's just fun.
"I got you!" I shout, dashing after him up that final hill to the Castle, my heart pounding and my breath short - but I ignore all of that, snarling and reaching for him. "You're such a brat - I totally got you -"
"You didn't!" he insists, laughing hard and dodging away from me, not letting me grab and turn him around so that I can see the purple paint that we both know is streaking across the back of his uniform. "You lie, baby trouble - you missed - or you hit some other incredibly handsome man in the woods, which is inconsiderate of you -"
"I did," I snarl, and then I make a final leap for him, and he lets me catch him and spin him around, laughing at me as I tilt back my head and release my howl of victory to the sky. "I win!" I pant after a moment, slumping against the Castle and letting my lungs fill with air. "You owe me a lifetime of servitude and your first born, as promised."
"Good," he says, leaning back on the Castle himself and taking a long sip of water. "I didn't want to win. I didn't want your stupid first born."
I gape at him, appalled. "My first born is going to be super cute."
"Your first born," he says, smirking and narrowing his eyes at me, "is going to be a big dork."
I snarl, and smack him, but we're both laughing. We take a moment to catch our breath then, sipping at our water bottles, looking out over the morning that stretches beautifully before us, thinking our own private thoughts.
But I find that even when I try to wonder how Luca is doing this morning, and how the draft is going, and what magic class this afternoon with mom and Cora is going to entail...
My mind just keeps turning back to one thing.
"Hey Jess?" I say quietly, turning to him, unable to suppress my smile. "Did you really stay out all night with Daphne?"
Jesse sighs and fights his own smile, looking down at his feet. "Don't ask me about that, Ari."
"Why?" I whisper, my smile falling, wondering if...if something went wrong.
"Because," he says, lifting his eyes to meet mine, "even if I had done...that. There are more hearts at stake here than just mine and Daphne's."
My stomach plummets as I realize what he means that Rafe...
But a smile also retakes my mouth as I realize that that's...just about as much of a confession as I'm going to get. Jesse's face bursts into a smile too, and he looks away into the distance, trying to hide it from me.
I nod, even though I'm not sure he sees it, quietly agreeing to his terms, letting these two have their secrets and their peace for now. All the while my heart hums with the secret hope that I've been harboring for a long time that....well, that maybe Daphen really is Jesse's mate, and his biology as a part-human hybrid – like his mom - just....made it take a little longer for the bond to find its place. 
"You'd better be nice to her," I mutter after a moment of blissful silence, giving him a little kick on the ankle.
"Oh, don't worry about that," Jesse murmurs, still not looking at me. "I intend to be very, very nice to her for the rest of our lives."
At breakfast, I sit quite tense between Luca and Benny, my knee jittering as I stare fixedly at the door, waiting for Rafe and Jacks and the results of the draft.
"Coffee?" Ben asks, and when I whip
my head to him and see him looking
at the fact that I'm basically vibrating with tension already I just scowl and smack him on the arm making him burst out laughing On my other side, Luca and Jesse chat idly about their warrior class that morning, Jesse explaining some
details of a map-reading project that Luca doesn't quite understand. 
"You shut up, Benny," I murmur. "Your fate's at stake too, you know."
"I don't think so," he sighs, sitting back in his chair and looking at the door with me. "In past years Ambassadors have played a bigger role in the Games - but this year some people," he shoots me a little look, "have just been shooting us at first sight -" "Oh, Tony did that too," I murmur, waving a hand at him.
"Yes, the pair of you are very anti-ambassador," Ben murmurs, reaching for a muffin and beginning to peel the paper off the bottom. "It's disheartening."
"We love you, Benny, don't worry, you're very important." I murmur this distractedly, though, probably undermining the earnestness of my statement. He just grins and shakes his head, taking a bite of his breakfast.
"Eat up, Ari," Luca murmurs, reaching over to tap on my still-full plate with his fork. "You're going to waste away to nothing. And then I'll miss you."
I glance at Luca as I pick up my own
fork, pleased to see him looking fresh and bright this morning. Down our bond hear his wolf give a happy yip, calling to mine over the bond even if he doesn't make any move to cross it. My wolf gives a happy yowl back and Luca beams at me. I do the same, knocking my shoulder into his. 
###Chapter 0644
But our warm moment is short-lived as the doors to the hall open and Rafe and Jackson walk into the room, both of their faces stern and worried.
My breath leaves my lungs a bit as I watch them - as we all watch them. Rafe and Jackson, side by side, look like...I don't know, like warriors out of a myth or something, so tall and broad and radiating so much power that it's hard to believe that they're real. The sheer physicality of these two, especially together, is enough to make even the toughest Alpha quail.
Luckily, I'm not an Alpha.
I perk up in my seat, dropping my fork and raising my hand to wave eagerly at them. It doesn't get far, though, when Ben snatches my wrist and lowers my hand to the table.
"Boys don't wave and call cheerful hellos to their mates and their brothers," he murmurs, smirking at me.
"Well, that's very rude of boys," I say, blinking innocently at Ben, even though I laugh, grateful for his help. I have to admit - the more comfortable I become at the academy the more I forget that I'm supposed to pretend to be a boy. Ben - he's just helping. "Yeah, we're not fun," Ben says, smirking at me and turning his head up to Jackson, who looms over him as Rafe takes his own seat moodily next to Jesse. "Oh hey, Jacks!"
Jackson just growls at Ben, not in the mood, wanting to sit next to me.
"Oh, did - did you want this seat!?" Ben asks, beaming up at Jackson and playing dumb to tease him.
Jackson's growl just deepens.
"Well sure, buddy!" Ben says, his voice over-friendly and cheerful. "Any time!"
I give Jackson a sharp nudge down our bond alongside a glare, reminding him of his manners, and he sighs and turns to our friend as Ben takes his plate and moves over to the next seat to Jackson can sit next to me. "Thank you, Ben," Jackson says, his voice dark and testy. "That was...very nice of you."
Ben just gives Jacks a wink and turns to Rafe as Jackson sits next to me. I give my mate a warm pat on the knee, and he growls again - warmer, this time, which is pleasing to me - but still clearly in a bad mood from whatever happened at the draft. I turn my attention to the table at large. "So?" I ask, perky and excited. "How did it go?"
"It was... weird," Rafe says, nodding kindly to the waiter as he brings his warm breakfast plate. "Not like the last time. Wright and Blythe have...something up their sleeve."
"What was weird?" I ask, my eyes going wide with interest.
"That Blythe didn't contest any of it," Rafe replies, meeting my eyes with a frown. "Just...hung out like he didn't care. Wright put up a fight for the best Cadets, which is to be expected but..."
"Either Blythe gave in because Wright bribed him to throw the games," Jackson says, looking over his shoulder to where I suppose the other Captain is in the room, "or...something's up."
"I think we're about to find out," Luca says, getting swiftly to his feet as a Lieutenant comes through a door at the front of the room, stacks of paper in his hand. Luca's moving for the head table before any of the rest move
of us even stand up. I make am
to do so but Jackson puts a hand on my thigh, halting me. 
"Everyone's so bossy today," I mutter, keeping my eyes on Luca.
"He's faster than you," Jackson murmurs, keeping his eyes on Luca. "He'll be back with the results before you could even make it to the table. I'm just saving you the trip."
I sigh, recognizing that he's probably
right, watching as Luca reaches the Lieutenant first, followed closely by a mass of other Cadets. Luca takes a few sheets of paper and looks down at them even as he starts back. But then he stills mid-step, staring down at the papers, as a whisper and then a roar begin to spread through the room.
Rafe is instantly on his feet, sensing that something is wrong, and Jesse is too a second after him. Jackson stays in his chair but stretches his arm out to wrap around the back of mine, protective.
"What's happening?" I whisper, as
the room basically explodes with whispers, everyone staring down at the sheets and then talking to each other in hushed, shocked tones. I go still when I realize that almost every eye takes a moment to glance up at at us. 
At me.
"Luca!" Rafe barks, striding a few steps forward as Luca re-starts his walk across the room towards us. "Get the fuck over here!"
Luca jogs back, his face pale, holding out a sheet to Rafe. "There has to be some mistake."
"What's happening?" I whisper, starting to get scared as Luca looks back at me and then closes the distance, handing a sheet to Jackson that he takes and turns so that we can both read it at once. Simultaneously, Jackson and I both go pale.
Because while Jackson's and Rafe's individual teams are stacked with impressive Cadets... I'm not on either of them.
No, my name is listed under Captain Redman Blythe.
And it's the only name on his list.
###Chapter 0645
I stare at my name's spot on the list, alone under Redman Blythe's, completely shocked, as our entire table erupts in protest - just like every other table in the breakfast hall. "Jacks!" I hiss, turning to him. "You didn't pick me!?"
"Of course I picked you, Ariel," he snarls, his voice low, leaning close. "I made deep cuts across my entire draft lift - and Rafe didn't try to draft you at all, to give me the best chance of -"
"Rafe!" I gasp, turning towards him, my eyes wide. "You didn't even pick me!?" My voice is squeaky with my betrayal.
"Don't even start with me, Ari," Rafe snarls, holding a hand out towards me with a single finger held up. "It was part of the plan."
"The plan that went wrong," Jesse growls, turning to glare at Rafe. "Seriously, what kind of shit plan was it that it ended up with Ari completey unprotected by any of us -"
Rafe and Jesse begin to bicker, their words getting lost in the noise of the room.
Ben glances at me, anxious, as Luca comes around to my other side. "There has to be something we can do," Ben says, turning to look around at the chaos of the breakfast room. "Some sort of negotiation."
Everyone bursts out with ideas then going to the Captain to protest this, demanding a re-draft, offering Blythe a private trade, even pulling a Daphne and giving him some poisoned wine tonight to eliminate him completely from the Game. And as everyone spins out ideas I go very still, my breath coming short in my chest because...
Because as far as I've come in this Academy, and despite everything I have learned, I am definitely, definitely not ready to be alone in the woods with a stranger without any of my Alphas by my side.
What - what on earth could Blythe want with me?
Does Blythe - like Wright - want me dead?
"Hello Team Sinclair," a smug voice says behind me. As one, each of my boys goes silent and turns towards that voice, snarls breaking from between their teeth. Slowly I turn to look up at Redman Blythe. At my Captain.
"Hey, Clark," Blythe says, ignoring all the murderous glares from the Alphas all around me, smirking down at my face. "I'm excited to work with you tomorrow."
I stare at him for a long moment, and then I bare my teeth.
"This is fucking bullshit, Blythe," Rafe growls, taking a step towards my Captain and making all of our heads turn to him. "It's not going to stand."
"Sure it is," Blythe says, still smug, casually re-adjusting the book satchel stung at his side as he gives Rafe a pretty grin. "I didn't do anything illegal at the draft. It's not my fault you guys didn't think of it first." 
QUMS
I stare up at Blythe as he speaks, taking in the fact that he's tall and well-built, like most of the Warrior cadets atthis Academy. But his chiseled, nearly perfect face - god, he's almost as pretty as Luca, He has none of Rafe or Jackson's
power and magnetism but... 
I mean. ively, he's a very handsome guy.
Luca snarls down our bond, sensing the direction of my thoughts, but I just give him a little mental shove - we have bigger things to worry about. "How the hell did you manage to get one Cadet on your team?" Jackson growls, standing up to loom over Blythe, snarling down at him.
"Whoa, big boy," Blythe says, laughing derisively at Jacks and taking a step back. "Give me some breathing room."
Jacks just closes the distance, keeping the pressure on.
“I
got one Cadet - the only Cadet that matters," he shots me a grin here, "because I only drafted one."
My mouth falls open - one? He only drafted me? But - why? What the hell is he thinking?
"You're not going to win," Jackson growls, taking a step closer. Blythe works hard not to give up his position, but he falls back another step when Jacks doesn't stop.
"I am going to win," Blythe snaps, glaring up at Jackson. "Because what, you're going to have it in you to kill your pet?" He smirks now, looking around at everyone at the table. "Any of you are?" My heart sinks when I realize that he's right - that even if we're all recognizing that this is a game, every single person here is going to have a hard time pointing a gun at me and pulling the trigger. "You put yourself in a fine position, Blythe, but we're calling your bluff," Rafe snaps, striding to Jackson's side and likewise glaring down at the smaller man. "Name your price to get Clark back."
Blythe takes a deep breath, pursing
his lips, making a big show of thinking about it. "Actually," he says turning to me with a smirk. "I think I'm good. I think me and Clark are going to have a lot of fun in our little team of two." 
I snarl at him, hating him at this moment. Because I know that this is about way more than just wanting the best sniper on your team.
Blythe - he wants something, and he wants it from me.
"We'll go to the Captain," Rafe snaps. "We'll -"
"Do whatever you want," Blythe snarls back, whipping his head to glare first at Rafe and then Jackson. "The Captain set the teams. He already approved this. I'm not trading anyone."
###Chapter 0646
to me now. "See you at the helicopters tomorrow, Clark. I'll look forward to it."
My brother and my mate each take another menacing step towards Blythe, who falls back, even as he glares at them. "All right," Blythe says, his face twisting nastily, "I came over to introduce myself to my recruit, but this is getting to be too much." He snaps his head back No one says another word as Blythe turns and marches away, heading towards the door.
We're all silent, even as the room continues to hum with gossip.
"Say what you want," Ben says after a long moment, "that guy has...balls."
"He's a dead man," Jackson snarls, vicious.
I reach up to Jacks then, putting a hand on his arm, wanting him calm. Then I turn my eyes to my brother and my cousin. "What can we do about this?"
"Go to the Captain," Rafe says, turning to Jesse for confirmation. Jesse nods, steady and solid. "No way we can let this stand."
Luca and Jackson sink into their chairs next to me, both moody, lost in thought, each of them trying to find a solution to this problem. Rafe and Jesse likewise sit down, leaning towards Ben, starting to discuss a negotiation process, seeing what they could do about organizing a trade if the Captain refuses to move me to another team. Jackson and Luca each chime in, offering their ideas.
I sigh, letting the boys all talk it through. Losing myself to my own thoughts, I turn back to my plate, picking up the draft list still sitting there, looking it over, my eyes catching again on my name listed below Blythe's.
Redman Blythe currently my Captain.
A man who I have given...little to no thought about in my entire life.
The real question is - who the hell is he? And what does he know about me?
I'm stressed and grumpy all day as I go through my study hall with Ben, trying to ignore the stares and whispers of literally everyone in the library. I have to admit, I don't get much work done, and I wish that I was more polished at Faiza's lessons so that I could literally just transform into someone else and ignore it all.
Nothing snaps me out of my mood until Ben walks me to magic class that afternoon - and even then, the only thing that pulls me out is shock.
"Luca?" I ask, my eyes going wide when I see him waiting outside the classroom door.
Seeing that I'm in good hands, Ben pats me on the back and I wave to him over my shoulder as I hurry to Luca's side.
"What are you doing here?" I ask, tilting my head and standing close, peering up into his face.
"I was summoned," he says, reaching out and rubbing a hand warmly up and down my arm. "By the Queen."
"Mom called you in?" I ask, interested, turning towards the door. "Okay, but then why are you outside?"
"Because last time I tried to infiltrate the magic classroom," Luca says, giving me a small smile, "some people had protests. I just wanted to wait for you."
"Okay," I say, grinning up into his face and slipping my hand into his. "Well, let's go inside and find out what's up."
"After you," Luca murmurs, gesturing towards the door. My grin deepens as I tug him with me into the classroom, giving a bright smile to Tony and Jacks, already in their seats, and Mom and Cora, sitting together on the desk.
The boys' faces move from expressions of greeting to shocked surprise when I come into the room with Luca on my heels.
"Hi!" mom says, bouncing off the desk and ignoring Jacks and Tony as she runs over to me, wrapping me up in a big hug and then giving Luca one too. "Yay! I'm glad you're here missed you, baby, and tuca thank you so much for coming." 
"What's going on?" I ask, reaching for my aunt Cora when she comes over to greet me too, wrapping her in a warm hug.
"It's nice to see you too, trouble," she says, a little dry, stroking a hand over
my cap and then standing on her toes to give Luca a kiss on the cheek before gesturing us towards the desks. I'move happily to my regular one and Luca, a little awkward, takes the seat behind me. I turn towards Jackson with a big smile, sending warmth and delight down the bond to him. His serious face breaks into a smile at that, as it always does, and he reaches out to take my hand, give it a squeeze. 
"What's he doing here?" Tony asks, peering at Luca with a frown.
"Great to see you too, Davis," Luca snaps.
"How's Becca?" Tony asks, dry, sending Luca a malicious grin.
Luca just blushes beet red and turns his face to stare at the front of the room, ignoring him. I turn to the front too, looking at my mom with wide eyes, kind of prompting her to start class and end the weird drama between these two. Luckily, Rafe and Jesse walk in at that moment, peering curiously around the room and instantly noticing our new addition. 
"What's going on?" Rafe asks as he and Jesse move to give their mothers hugs and then take their seats.
###Chapter 0647
But as soon as I begin to pull on my bond with Luca, I feel an immediate...stop. Or a plug, or a...dam or something.
I turn to my mate, frowning up at him. Luca, I say, directly into his mind, making him turn his eyes to me. Can you please open the bond? This is...important to me.
He clenches his teeth a little bit, looking deep into my eyes. This is all freaking me out, Ariel.
I glance around at everyone watching and then look back up at him. Please, Luca, I say, letting him hear my little wolf whine her tiny plea. I think it's important that we...know.
Luca sighs and looks away from me, but slowly I feel the wall drop, feel our bond open, as it was so much more often at the start of our relationship. I mean, it's not like it was that night in the woods, but it's better than a few moments ago. I send Luca a warm pulse of thanks and then turn my eyes back towards the little log, concentrating on it as I connect. As I start to pull, as I do with Jackson.
The heat within me engages, concentrating on the log, but to my utter shock something...else begins to stir as well.
And all through the little clearing, a slight wind begins to blow, warm like a summer breeze.
I gasp a little at the same moment that Luca does, and our eyes flash to each other as we both simultaneously remember the sensation that we used to notice when he touched me - that tingle across my skin, and across his - that tingle that's still there, but which we just...I don't know, got used to or something.
That tingle which I never, ever realized feels exactly like a breeze blowing across bare skin.
Feels exactly, precisely like this air moving around us right now.
"Holy shit," Luca whispers, staring down at me in shock.
My face bursts into a smile and I beam up at him. "Holy shit is right."
Luca can't help it then, his own face breaks into a smile and he shakes his head in awe as he stares down at me.
"What?" Jesse asks, standing at his mom's side with the fire blanket in his hands, at the ready. "What's happening? I don't get it."
"This breeze," I say, laughing a little as I turn my face towards them. "Um...I think...I think we're doing that."
"Really?" mom says, looking around, delight bursting on her face too. "This is you!?"
"Yeah," I say laughing.
"Experiment," Cora urges, taking an eager step towards me. "Can you...stop and start it?"
I do as I'm told, biting my lip and concentrating a little, playing with the bond and how much I can push and pull on it. First, I stop all together so that the breeze fades around us. Then I pull hard, and then
harder, letting it whip through the air.
My smile returns as I look up at all of the trees, seeing it shake the leaves - a breeze kissed by the summer sun, just like Luca's warm summer scent - apricots and hot pavement and sea breeze.
"Ah!" Cora squeaks, stepping towards me, her expression thrilled as she looks around too. "Another little weather goddess in the family! Oh, Ariel, this is so great!"
"I'm not a weather goddess," I say, laughing. "I can just...make a little warm wind."
"Can you mess with the temperature?" Rafe urges from behind me. I glance over my shoulder at him and then shrug, trying it. But nothing happens - if anything, the wind just gets warmer.
"Okay okay," Gora says, holding out
her hand towards me, laughing. "You can stop the implications of this are stunning, actually I think the heat in the air is from Ariel, but the movement - the wind – is from Luca himself, which kind of makes sense -" 
"Actually," Jackson says, stepping forward hesitantly. All of our eyes turn to him as the warm breeze continues to blow. "Um...can we...try something here?"
His eyes turn to me and I stare at
?
him, sensing@mmediately what he's thinking. My wolf leaps to her feet, some instinct urging her forward as it did before when I knew to experiment with passing Jackson's magic to Rafe and Jesse. She
pounces around in my soul like a fox in snow, incredibly excited. 
And quite suddenly...I know that this is going to work.
Eagerly, I hold my hand out to him.
###Chapter 0648
Luca hesitates, starting to close down the bond a bit.
"Please," I beg, shaking my head at him. "Don't get freaked out - this is...this is part of who I am."
Luca stares at me for a long moment but then nods, re-opening the bond.
Jackson takes my other hand and I turn my head to him, eager warmth building in me.
"What are you doing?" Cora whispers, confused and fascinated. My mom stands next to her with her hands pressed to her cheeks, thrilled.
"Get goin', trouble," Jackson murmurs, leaning forward to press a kiss to my forehead.
I lean towards him a little, not able to help it, a little laugh sputtering from me.
But then I turn my gaze to the pile of wood in front of me - not the little log, the big one.
And I set it ablaze.
A little gasp breaks from the group as everyone turns towards it, watching the fire rage, much more powerfully and higher than it should for just that little pile of wood. And then I call on Luca's gift as well - on the wind, the breeze, the oxygen he provides. And I add that to the mix.
The flames roar, reaching higher, and begin to turn, wind sucked in from every direction towards it. A rich, eager joy builds in my chest and with every heartbeat pulses through my entire body as I watch the flames climb higher into the air, carried on the waves of Luca's wind, powered by the energy that Jackson gives me.
My flames, my heat - my magic.
Mine.
"Whoa," Rafe whispers behind me, awed and impressed. But I don't look at him - at anyone. Don't have time for it or interest in anything else - anything but the firestorm dancing before me.
The whirlwind of flames turns,
pulsing in time with my heart. My blood sings as the vortex climbs towards the sky, dancing higher, eager and burning and full of grace. It's a wild, passionate thing - a song, a dance, an eager she-wolf racing through a forest, along a cliff, desperate to be alive and free and to
-.
stretch her legs. 
It's us, my wolf whispers, howlingly pleased and as full of joy as me. Us in our purest form, elemental.
Somewhere I feel and hear Jackson's wolf howl too, so proud and fierce he could burst.
I nod, tears in my eyes, my face turned up to the brilliant swirl of fire before me, licking at the sky, turning and turning in the wind that brings it oxygen, gobbling up the fuel that feeds it.
But suddenly I feel another wolf approach - one I've always known, since I was a little girl - which has never not been part of my life. He pads closer, drawn to the flame in my soul, warming himself by it.
"Um, I...I think I'm supposed to be
part of this," Jesse murmurs, stepping closer to me. I turn my
head to him, taking my eyes fromet
the whirlwind of flame for the first time but having no fear that doing so will make me lose control of it.
It's mine, after all. It it.
as I bid.
"Come on in, Jess," I say, laughing and tilting my head towards him.
Jesse beams at me but steps closer, reaching a hand out. "This is so weird, Ari," he murmurs, making me burst out laughing. But then he gently wraps his hand at the base of my neck, and together we turn towards the fire.
I feel his magic added to mine immediately, but when I pull on it - no, I don't control it, don't have the power to use it. Instead, I feel Jesse's magic move through me according to his own whims. Together, we turn our eyes to the fire blazing before us. And both of us gasp just half a second before everyone else does.
Because the flames - they darken,
taking on the shape and the tint of Jesse's shadows. The flame doesn't dampen - not at all. Instead, it just loses its bright and shining light. In shock and fascination, I watch as the darkened flames, all shades of grey and black, themselves take different shapes, suddenly
containing the animals that Jesse's own shadows tend towards - lizards climbing through the smoke, fire birds soaring through the air and letting out wild silent screams, mighty horses, their eyes and their manes ablaze. 
My breath is immediately stolen because it is...the most incredible sight I've ever seen, and by far the most beautiful.
###Chapter 0649
"Can you...can you move it, Ari?" I hear my mom whisper, and I glance to the side to see tears streaking down her face, her fingers pressed delicately to her lips as she stares up at this incredible thing that we've created.
I turn back to the fire, concentrating, and as I sway slightly to the left...yes! My smile deepens when I discover that the whirlwind itself moves left too. I move back to the center and again to the right, moving like a dancer - like the ballerina I was raised to be. The whirlwind
of flame and shadow goes too.
"Amazing," Tony whispers, delighted and awed.
Suddenly, Luca lets go of my hand and steps away.
The shadow fire immediately sinks to the ground and I scramble, a little, to catch it in my surprise. But ultimately it's easily done, the fire simply obeying gravity again, attached to the ground instead of lifted high in the air. Jackson turns his head to glare at Luca, having felt my shock and surprise, but Jesse exhales a long breath and takes his hand from my neck too. "Okay," he whispers. "I think that's enough for me too. For right now."
The shadows rise like smoke from my flames and suddenly there the colors are back - cheerful and yellow and red, burning happily through the little pile of wood.
I turn my head to Jackson next, who grins at me and drops my hand.
And then, when I look back at the fire it's...
It's just a normal bonfire, burning happily through the wood provided for it. Just...any normal thing.
We're all silent for a long, long moment, each of us just staring - I think trying to figure out if...if we all shared some kind of insane group hallucination right now or something? Or if -
Jackson's snarl breaks through the silence with a sudden vehemence that makes me jump - and suddenly I'm wrapped up in his arms, being twirled around, laughing so hard that there's no time to draw air into my lungs. Breathless, I wrap my arms around my mate, letting him spin me around, loving it - loving him.
"That was the most amazing thing I've ever seen!" he roars. "That was so fucking fantastic! That was incredible! Ari!"
He stops spinning me, holding me high against his chest so that I beam down into his face, my hands already running through his hair.
"You," he says, staring up into my face like I'm the great marvel of his life, "are the most incredible thing on this planet, Ariel Sinclair."
I bite my lip as I stare down at him, tears springing to my eyes, completely overwhelmed by how much he means it and how much he loves me and how proud he is - all things I feel radiating down the bond.
"It was really cool, wasn't it?" I whisper, still stroking my trembling fingers through his hair. "It didn't hurt you, did it? Didn't take...too much of your energy?"
"Nah," he says, his smile deepening. "I'm good, tiny - it took less energy than I'm sure it looked like. Two croissants tomorrow, instead of one."
"And it didn't hurt?" I ask, desperately hoping it didn't.
But he just shakes his head at me, and snarls again, and drops me a bit in his arms so that my face is even with his, so that the kiss he presses to my mouth is as simple as it is fierce.
I kiss Jackson back with all of my
heart for a long moment before
Line
breaking away, aware that we're not alone here. I wiggle in his arms, begging to be put down, and he growls-hating it - but obeys, letting me slip down the length of his chest and stomach to set me again on my feet. 
I'm only there for a moment before Rafe catches me up next, roaring his own pride and pleasure in his little shrimp sister, spinning me around in turn. It goes like that for a few minutes, everyone gathering me close and talking about how amazing it was, the details of it, the possibilities for how we could use it, each of their tones thrilled. 
It doesn't miss my attention, though, that when Luca hugs and congratulates me his words are stilted, his wall still up. I peer up at him, curious, and he does his best to give me a warm smile - but suddenly I'm pulled away into my mother's arms.
"Little tiny fire goddess," she murmurs into my hair, hugging me so tight that I'm pretty sure she'll crack a rib if she keeps going. I mean, not that she couldn't heal it immediately - just... let's avoid that if we can, right?
"Ma!" I squeak, laughing hugging her much more loosely. "Loosen up!"
She sighs and does so, tears still all
over her face as she pulls back and stares into mine, tucking an imaginary strand of my hair back behind my ear. "It really is incredible, little girl. What you've always been capable of. We've always known you were special and fierce and capable of great things and this is just the beginning." 
"Mom," I say, my own eyes again filling with tears. "Geeze it was...just a bonfire."
"Oh, and she's humble," mom murmurs, hugging me again and rocking me back and forth.
"Um, I think I am getting far too little credit and attention!" Jesse calls, even though his own mother is crying and hugging him too. "I did the cool part!"
###Chapter 0650
"Oh, you're wonderful too, cutie," mom says, stumbling over to Jesse to wrap him up in a hug. "Now come on, everyone! We need to get back to the classroom - we have to talk about the potential consequences and use of this! And how to similarly experiment with everyone else's magic too! We're going to do great things!"
Mom and Cora turn towards the palace with Jesse between them, talking closely to him about what the fire felt like mingling with his own magic. Rafe and Luca follow, likewise talking close, while Jackson and Tony fall in on either of my sides. "That was incredibly cool, Ari," Tony says, grinning delightedly at me, his eyes crinkled with joy.
"Thanks, Tony," I say, bumping shoulders with him, likewise pleased.
"Makes me wish we had a bond," he says, gesturing between us.
Jackson snaps his head towards Tony and lets out a low growl.
"Oh back off, biggy, I don't mean like that," Tony says, reaching out his long arm to give Jacks a shove on the shoulder. Jackson narrows his eyes but nods, letting the statement stand. Tony turns back to me. "Just like, imagine what we could do -" "But wouldn't we just like..." I smack my hands together and bounce them apart, "clash? Your water just putting out my fire?"
"Nah, I don't think I'm just water, I think it also has to do with like...breath?" Tony says, shaking his head at me, clearly excited. "But even then - fire and water don't just cancel each other out," he says, talking fast. My eyes go wide as I realize that he's right. "We could like - boil oceans -"
"Make like, a whole bunch of steam -"
"It could be like a fog that spreads out over a countryside -"
Tony's eyes go wide. "That is such a good idea. What if we could like -"
Jackson walks stoically at my side, still warm and proud, as Tony and I chatter all the way back to the castle.
Even so, I can't help but notice that even as Rafe moves forward to join in on the conversation with Jesse and our moms, Luca doesn't fall back to join in with Tony and I.
Instead, he walks alone between the two groups, his head hanging.
And when I send my wolf forward to try, I already know what she finds to be true.
That our bond is completely shut down.
Luca leaves us when we get back get back to the classroom, wanting to get a little study time in while the rest of us debrief. I beg him to stay but Cora comes to my side and puts a hand on my shoulder, giving me a gentle smile, and I sigh and give in, giving Luca a hug and a kiss on the cheek, telling him that I'll see him at dinner. Luca kisses me back and gives me a squeeze before heading on his way, carrying the note that mom gave him to take to Blaze, begging for me to take the afternoon off so we can further work on the question of my magic. 
Inside the classroom, our little group talks eagerly about what happened with me, Jackson, and Jesse each describing what it felt like from our own angles. Then mom and Cora as they should - turn their attention to the rest of their students, discussing similar possibilities for experimentation and connection. In particular, we spend a great deal of time brainstorming with Tony. 
"I guess it's true," he murmurs, looking at me consideringly. "Like, if you melting a marble and lighting the logs in your fireplace is the. equivalent of me breathing underwater...I wonder what my fire
tornado is.” 
"I can't wait to find out," I say, beaming at him, meaning it.
"I have some ideas," Cora murmurs, looking at Tony consideringly. "But...I want to do more research. You good with that, if I come back with next week with more for you to try?"
Tony eagerly agrees and the group breaks up then, everyone chatting interestedly and in high spirits. Both Rafe and Jackson turn to me, expectant, even as I stay in my chair. "Do you have a minute?" I ask, raising my eyes at mom and Cora. "To stay after?"
"Of course, babes," mom says, beaming at me. "What's up?"
Jackson waves to Rafe and turns back towards his chair but I bite my lip and look up at him, a little pleading. "Um, do you think we could have some girl talk?"
Jackson goes still, staring at me like he desperately wants to stay but also like I've said I'm going to participate in the most dangerous sport in the world.
"Oh, just wait outside, puppy," Cora says, laughing and flapping a hand at him. "We'll only be fourty-five, sixty minutes. Tops."
"Why does it take so long?" he whispers as Jesse and Rafe call their goodbyes, heading out the door with Tony.
Mom laughs, wrinkling her nose at Jacks. "She's kidding - just give Trouble a little space for a second, Jacks. I need to talk to my girl."
Jackson sighs and nods to me before he heads outside.
"Don't you listen!" I call after him, scolding already.
He just sighs and waves over his shoulder, as close to a promise of privacy as I'm going to get.
###Chapter 0651
"He's such a cutie," mom says, sighing as Jackson steps out of the classroom and pulls the door shut behind him, her hands clasped together.
"He's well over two hundred pounds of lethal Alpha, Ella," Cora says, casting out a hand after my mate. "He's capable of killing a man in less than ten seconds and if he shifted into his wolf it'd be even faster than that. I'm not sure 'cutie' is the word you're looking for here." Mom hums consideringly and then shrugs. "Nope, I'm right. Stone-cold cutie." She beams at her sister, who just laughs.
"You always did have a type, Ella," Cora sighs, looking back at me.
"One, ew," I say, pointing a finger at Cora, who laughs even harder now. "Don't even imply that my mate is mom's type -"
Mom just grimaces, guilty, but I ignore her.
"And two, we are getting off topic."
My mom and my aunt do their best to school their faces into more serious lines, but they fail instantly, and I just roll my eyes at them.
"We're still so proud of you, sweetie!" Mom says, leaning forward to beam at me. "I can't wait to tell your dad about it - he's going to cry - he's so cute when he cries."
"You're a villain," Cora murmurs, looking over at mom, "I don't know why people think you're so sweet."
"And!" Mom continues, ignoring her, "I think he's going to have a lot of ideas about how this can be used to benefit the military! I think it's a big deal, baby," she says, nodding eagerly now. "How are you feeling about it?"
"Excited," I say, nodding too and sitting up straighter, "I want to talk to dad about military applications - I mean, I've been having ideas too. And I want to see what else I can do with it. I think -" my wolf nips me, though, and I sit back a little, sighing, realizing that I'm getting off track. "I mean, that's not what I wanted to talk to you about, though."
"What it it, sugar?" Cora says, leaning forward, her face more serious now.
I begin, then, to spill it all out as fast
as I can wanting to tell them
-
everything but aware that they're heading back to the Capital tonight. Mom and Cora's faces go paler and paler the more I spill about falling through space in the first Games, about traveling to that dark world and seeing that strange woman there before I traveled mysteriously back. They seem better assured when I tell them about Jackson's hypothesis that this is my gift
-
from the God of Darkness and that I control it, but as my mom and my aunt look at each other, I can tell they're totally freaked. 
"Um?" I say, drawing their eyes back to me. "I'm not finished?" They just stare at me wide-eyed as I tell more about Faiza's assignment to go to Newtown to try out disguises, but then both of their faces fall in
sadness when I tell them about Luca I and the strange break through we had about him suppressing his wolf for what I can only assume is most of his life. 
"So that's why he was acting strange," Cora murmurs, looking over at the door.
"I don't know," I say on a sigh. "He was normal this morning. I think...him being strange about my magic might be something else."
"Or something interrelated," mom says, keeping her eyes on me.
"Yeah," I say, my shoulders slumping a bit. "That's what I wanted to talk to you about."
"You fall into a realm of darkness at will," Cora says, slowly raising a brow at me, "and you want to talk about why your boyfriend is acting weird?"
I laugh a little, straightening my shoulders. "Yup!"
"Your daughter, for sure," Cora murmurs, smiling a little and glancing at mom, who glances back and gives her a little kick.
"Yeah, so," I say, leaning forward on my desk. "I was wondering if you could send a therapist to the Academy? Or maybe like...a bunch of therapists?" Both of their faces arch into smiles, but they let me continue.
“Luca...clearly needs someone to talk to," I say with a sigh, leaning back in my chair, "and I love to be there for him but this is beyond my needs. And Jackson, with his childhood?" I pause a minute, letting them see where I'm going with this. "I mean...I think he's doing well now that he's out of the Community, but I'm sure it wouldn't hurt to have someone to talk to about it. And the stuff he's doing with Hank I know is very stressful for him, so..." 
###Chapter 0652
I shrug, kind of finished with everything I wanted to say.
"You have a good heart, baby trouble," Cora says, smiling at me. "I think it's a great idea."
"And something we should have been doing all along," mom says, turning to frown at my aunt. "Honestly, why didn't Dominic and Roger think of this twenty years ago?"
"You know the answer to this, Ells," Cora says, utterly dry. "Because they are men. And Alphas. And their therapeutic solution is to just grit their teeth and go punch something." Mom laughs, shaking her head but not denying it. "I'll talk to your dad about it tonight," mom says, nodding to me eagerly. "And get something set up."
"Do you think you could make Jackson and Luca like...initial appointments?" I ask, sitting up, a little excited. "And then they can decide whether or not they want to keep going - obviously, I don't want to force them. And then...maybe not tell them that I suggested it?" Both Cora and mom laugh at me but then assure me that it can be arranged.
Jackson walks me back to the room after my little conference, not pressing me for the details and instead talking with me excitedly about the magic we produced this afternoon and his own ideas for experimentation and military use - all of which spark a great deal of interest in me, giving me my own new ideas. We're still talking eagerly about it when we climb the final staircase to our floor, though our conversation falls short when we see Rafe standing outside the door, leaning casually against the wall and reading a book. When he sees us, he snaps the book shut and waves a hand. "Come on, Jacks."
"Where are we going?" Jackson asks, escorting me forward with a hand on my back and looking at Rafe with interest.
"Another talk with the Captain," Rafe says, shifting his eyes to me. "See what we can do about Blythe's bullshit claim."
"Cool," Jacks says, giving me a little nudge towards the door, which he looks at with worry. "Will she be..."
"She's got an assassin, a shadow mage, and an ambassador in there," Rafe says with a smirk, pointing his thumb over his shoulder at the door. "She'll be fine."
I laugh at my brother but then the absence of a certain speciality on that list suddenly hits me, and my face falls.
"See you in a bit," Jacks murmurs, dipping down to give me a kiss on the cheek before starting to stride down the hall with my brother. "Don't forget to eat!"
I grin at that that as I call my goodbyes to them and press open the door, pleased to see three of my favorites gathered around the coffee table, digging into the huge plate of tacos on the table.
"They sent churros, too!" Jesse calls, waving me over. "Churros and fire magic. It is a great day."
I laugh, taking my seat next to Ben on the couch and bumping my shoulder against his as I murmur my hello's to Tony as well, who has taken up residence in Rafe's@hair. 
en FindNovel
But nobody really fails to notice the way I glance over at the door as I reach for my dinner, wondering where he is.
"Um, Ari," Jesse says, his voice gentle.
I turn towards him, moving some tacos to a plate and pulling it onto my lap.
Jesse's mouth twists slightly to the side. "He sent a note."
I frown a little as I reach out a hand
Jesse pulls a folded piece of paper from beneath his leg where he placed it for safe keeping and hands it over to me. 
I take it with a sigh, unfold it, quickly reading through the words.
"What's it say?" Jesse asks, voice gentler than usual.
I flick my eyes up to him. "Oh, like you didn't read it."
"Ben wouldn't let me," he sighs, looking sad about it.
I glance at Ben, who nods deeply to me, making me smile.
But then I sigh and tuck the note under my own leg. "It says he's tired and won't be coming up tonight," I say, trying to keep the sadness and worry out of my voice. "That he didn't sleep a lot last night - which is true - and that he wants to be rested for the Games tomorrow." I shrug like it's easy, like it all makes sense. 
Even if my wolf howls in my heart, knowing that it's so much more complicated than that.
I sigh, putting my plate of tacos back on the table, not hungry anymore.
###Chapter 0653
"Oh nooo," Jesse scolds, making me snap my eyes to him.
"What?" I ask, confused and a little worried. "What's wrong?"
"You're not hungry?" he says, eyes wide, gesturing towards my plate. "You, Ariel Sinclair, eater of fourth servings, are not hungry!?"
"What are you talking about - I eat a normal amount!"
"You're a complete pig!"
"Jesse!" I gasp, scandalized. "I so am not! I -"
"Ariel Cora Sinclair," he snaps, leaning forward to point at me as he narrows his eyes. "I have seen you eat three cheeseburgers in one sitting and double fries -"
"Rafe eats just as much!"
"Rafe is four times your size!"
I balk at my cousin, appalled but...a little unable to deny that it's true. I mean, I have a healthy appetite! What's wrong with that!?
"I think I've been in this friend group long enough to translate Jesse to the rest of the world," Ben says, cutting in helpfully and nodding to Tony.
"Oh, please do - I am deeply lost," Tony says, smirking and lounging back in Rafe's chair.
"Yes, very pleased to be of service," Ben says, nodding to him and then turning to me with a sigh. "What Jesse means," Ben says, holding my gaze now, quite gentle, "is that it's not like you to turn down supper. Something's up, and we can tell, and we want to help." "That's what I said " Jesse spits out, throwing his hands out in frustration.
"You called me a pig!" I growl, glaring at him.
"Pigs are pink, and cute, and intelligent, and they like to eat," Jesse says, pressing a hand to his chest and starting to grin at me. "I stand by the analogy."
I can't help it - I huff a laugh and shake my head, looking down at my plate of food. But even if they're right, it doesn't make me any more hungry.
"Spill, Princess," Tony says, friendly and gentle. When I look at him I see that he's giving me a soft smile. "Seriously, we want to help. Before we all go into the Games tomorrow and hunt you down and shoot you with paintballs."
I laugh harder at this, but shake my head, leaning back against the cushions. "I can't tell you guys this stuff. You're boys."
"Listen, we are honorary girls," Jesse
says, and I look up to see him
beaming at me. "We love you, none of us want to date you, and we want to help. What's it going to take?" Ben and Tony look at me with very sweet, earnest expressions and I find that I actually do very much want to talk to them that it might help to unburden my little sad heart to my friends. 
"Well, you two I can tell," I say, sighing and looking at Jesse and Ben. "But I can't talk to you about Luca," I continue, turning a little glare on Tony. "You hate him!"
"I do not hate him," Tony says, pressing a hand to his chest and leaning forward to glare at me.
"Oh really?" I say, crossing my arms and leaning back against the cushions, raising an eyebrow his way. Jesse likewise grimaces, turning to Tony, waiting for a response.
"Really!" Tony says, nodding eagerly. But then he hesitates and sits back in his chair, grimacing a little. "I just... think he's kind of a dick and he deserves bad things and I...want to punch him." I looks away from me, mildly guilty.
"Tony!" I gasp-snatching a pillow
from the couch and hurling it at his face. Satisfyingly, my shot lands precisely where I aimed it, probably because Tony doesn't yet have Sinclair-level pillow-attack reflexes. "That is so mean! That's my mate!" 
"Yeah!" Tony says, laughing a little and pulling the pillow down by his side even as he gives me a sad smile. "And what the hell the Goddess was thinking matching you up with that jackass, I'll never know!" "Tony!" I shout, leaning forward, starting to get seriously offended.
"He is our friend, Ton," Jesse says, looking over at Tony, letting him know that he's on shaky ground. "You're gonna want to...modulate your language here."
"Seriously, Tony," I say, shaking my head at him, not getting it. "What is your problem with Luca?"
Tony sighs, holding out a hand
towards me. "Look, Ariel, I just...I don't think he's a bad person, okay? I just think that he's...a little
manipulative, and needy, and that he..." he grimaces here, "he punishes you emotionally when he doesn't get what he wants. Okay? And don't like that, because you are such an incredibly nice and good person, and I think...you deserve to be treated better than that." 
My jaw drops a little as I stare at my friend because...I mean, I had never really thought about it that way. Is Tony right?
Still, my wolf raises her hackles and shows her teeth, her instincts to jump to Luca's defense coming forward.
"Luca wouldn't do that to me," I say, crossing my arms and raising my chin as I give Tony a cool stare.
###Chapter 0654
"Ariel," Tony sighs, shaking his head and leaning back in the arm chair, looking like he hates to be the one to tell me this. "He does do that to you. Like all the time."
"Wait wait," Jesse says, turning more fully towards Tony with a frown. "You've only been getting close to Ariel lately - since this semester started and then in this past week. But you've been cold to Luca since the moment I first saw you guys interact - when we had magic class here in the room after the God of Darkness attacked and you wouldn't let him stay. So...what gives? Have you been like, spying on us?"
"No," Tony says, slumping back in his chair and covering his eyes with his hand for a second. "Look, if you want to know, my ish with Luca is a little...older than I may have suggested so far."
"What?" I breathe, leaning forward, fascinated and a little horrified. I mean, I know Luca's a celebrity, but what is he talking about?
How old is his grudge against Luca?
And who even is Tony, anyway? I wrack my mind but honestly, I don't know anything about his past. Quite suddenly I feel guilty for not asking and also like a very, very bad spy. "Okay," Tony sighs, looking around at the four of us. "Can I please assume that this is a zone of secrecy in which we do not tell others what was said in our little square of trust?"
"She's definitely going to tell Jackson," Ben says, settling back against the pillows with a pleased smirk, looking like he's enjoying himself.
I glance at Ben but then return my eyes to Tony and give a little shrug, because it's true. I reserve the right to tell Jacks everything.
"Fine fine," Tony says, waving a hand to dismiss it. "Square of trust though? With one adjacent silent boulder of a man who doesn't have anyone else to tell?"
We all nod, agreeing to it.
"Fine," Tony says, his voice deepening and becoming quite mysterious. "Then I'll let you all in on a secret. Although I am now a very handsome, very suave, very dangerous assassin," he says, raising an eyebrow as he looks at each of us in turn, almost daring each of us to counter him on it. I start to grin, unable to help it. "I used to be...a busboy."
I burst out laughing, as do Jesse and Ben. Tony smirks a little, looking around at us.
"Oh come on, Tony, that's not so bad," I say with a sigh, curling up on the couch and prepping myself for a story.
"Nah, it wasn't so bad," he says with a smirk. "I was a city kid - needed money, worked my way up in some bars. But eventually I got a pretty sweet gig - my share of the tips was insane for clearing tables and running drinks and generally letting rich guys treat me like shit. It was at the Excelsior Club." 
I go a bit still at this, turning my head to the side staring at my friend.
He keeps his eyes on me. "Name ring a bell?"
Ben and Jesse turn towards me curiously. "Yeah," I whisper. "Luca's mentioned it. One of his favorites."
"Yeah," Tony says, again giving me that sad little smile. "It sure as hell was."
"I've been there a couple times," Jesse says, frowning over at Tony. "Did I ever see you there?"
"I saw you once or twice," Tony says, turning to Jesse. "I wasn't ever on your table, though. They talked about you and Rafe in the back, though - always good things. Sinclairs are good tippers."
I scowl at my cousin. "I can't believe
you went without me," I grumble. I turn to Ben and give him a little kick "When we get back to the city me and you are going by ourselves and leaving everyone else out. I want to be the one excluding people for once." 
Ben gives me a steady nod and holds palm up. I quickly smack my hand against his, the high-five sealing our deal.
"So am I right in intuiting where this is going?" Jesse asks, dry. "That you had a certain...regular customer?"
"Yup," Tony says, returning his eyes to me. "Luca Grant, every weekend night with a new girl."
I sigh, shaking my head at Tony, not fully sure that I like where this is going. "Can we get back to the point, please?" I ask, a little perturbed. "You're saying a lot of incendiary things about my mate and not really backing them up yet."
"I know, Ari," Tony says, turning his
attention back to me. "Please, eat something it might take a minute to get there. But what I'm trying to say is that I don't just have some' random grudge on Luca. I know this
Way more than he thinks I know him." 
I sigh, glancing at my plate of tacos. But I have to admit, I'm even less hungry than I was before.
###Chapter 0655
Jesse grabs another taco off the table, clearly not having as much of a problem with appetite as I am having. "All right, Tones, spill."
Tony sighs, and begins again. "I spent hours in that club cleaning up after Luca, collecting his shitty tips. So, imagine my surprise a few weeks ago when he shows up next to you outside my meeting with your parents and introduces himself for the first time. As if we've never met. Although it's not like I should be surprised - he never said a word to me or spared me a second glance." "But you..." I frown, trying to remember that moment when Tony and Luca met. "You didn't say you knew him - you said something about it being a big morning for meeting celebrities. Or something like that. And then said it was nice to meet him."
"Yeah," Tony says with a shrug. "What was I supposed to do, be like, 'Remember me? I served you a thousand gin-and-tonics and watched you use the same lines on about a thousand different girls all summer?' Plus, his mate's parents were in the room behind me," he shrugs. "I wasn't going to pick a fight."
"Just saved that," Jesse says, grinning at him. "For a later time."
"Nah, I don't need to pick a fight with Luca Grant," Tony says, settling back against the chair. "That guy's going to dig his own grave."
I frown at Tony, not fully sure I like where this is going.
Ben glances anxiously at me. "All right, Tony, lets pick up the pace," he murmurs, snapping his fingers a bit. "What are the details Ari needs to know. This isn't...the nicest conversation for her to listen to."
"You're right, I'm sorry," Tony says, glancing at Ben and then looking back at me. "What I'm trying to get at, Ari, is that Luca knows girls. I don't think he's deliberately a jerk, but I think he has a type - and that type is nice, pretty, sensitive girls from good families who have been raised to have empathy and believe the best in people. Those were the ones he was drawn to - the ones he kept bringing around. And then who he ruthlessly manipulated into letting him behave however the hell he wanted, which was never considerate of their wants and needs."
"So imagine his luck," Jesse murmurs, turning his eyes to me. "When the Goddess blesses him with the nicest, most sensitive and empathetic girl in town."
"Guys, you're all going too far," I say,
my lips turning down as I give the three of them each a dirty look. "There's nothing wrong with liking nice girls - and I'm not going to hold his previous dating habits against him? What he did before he met me is Luca's business - and he's made a lot of progress as a person since we met!" 
"That's all true," Ben says, pursing his lips consideringly. "Luca's past is past."
"But it isn't past, is it?" Tony says, turning to me. "What's all this bullshit he's pulling, Ari? Not coming to dinner tonight when we all know it's not because he's all sleepy. And that thing, in Newtown, with those three girls?"
He turns his head at me and I flush, not liking how right he is. But is that manipulation? Or...is Luca just dealing with his own emotions?
"Wait, what thing in Newtown?" Jesse asks, sitting up straighter. "What happened."
I sigh and turn to my cousin, briefly summarizing the story of Luca getting distracted by three fans while he should have been watching me, waiting to see if I needed him. How Tony stepped in instead, when Luca had his eyes elsewhere.
"Ohhh fuck," Jesse says, quite still on his chair. "Rafe is going to flip - Jackson's going to tear his head off -"
"They are not!" I snarl, leaning forward to glare at my cousin. "Because you are not going to tell them! No one is - square of secrecy!" I dart one finger around in a square that encompasses all of us.
"Is that really how you want it to be, though, Ari?" Ben asks, looking again at me with a bit of sorrow. "That you have to just not tell your brother and your other mate about Luca's actions to keep the peace? Shouldn't Luca just behave better so that you can be transparent?"
"He's trying, all right?" I growl, glaring around at them. "He made a mistake! It could have happened to anyone!"
"No, that's what he wants you to think," Tony snaps in return, looking at me hard again. I gape at him, a little appalled that he's stepping in so hard. Look, Ariel," he says, leaning forward to me, again said, "I'm trying to be mean to you it just kills me to see you continually defending him when he's not being very nice to you in return. Like his job that night in the bar was to keep you safe and he allowed himself to be distracted by those girls." 
###Chapter 0656
"But I was fine!" I protest, casting out a hand. "That guy with the beard - he was just hitting on me! He was harmless - he went away as soon as you asked him to!"
"Right," Tony says, nodding to me. "But he could have been dangerous. It was just luck that brought a relatively nice guy over to your table. Luca left you high and dry, Ari, and you should be madder about it than you are." "I'll be fucking mad about it for you," Jesse murmurs, slumped in his chair with his arms crossed.
I take a deep breath, looking down into my lap, getting angry. Because everyone's being very cruel about Luca - and no one's giving him a chance. "Luca is a full, complicated person," I say, a bit between my teeth. "And he's allowed to have flaws. He's...he's got a lot going on, emotionally. He doesn't have it all figured out!"
"You're very kind, Ari," Ben says, reaching out and putting a warm hand on my knee. I look up at him, blinking hard against the tears stinging my eyes. "It's one of my favorite things about you."
I gulp back my tears, nodding to him, thankful to have such a good friend.
"Ariel," Tony says, gentler than before. I turn my eyes back to him to see his face looking almost...pleading. Like he really wants me to understand. "Just...one more thing, okay? And if I'm wrong about it, I'll back off. I promise. Even be nice to that prick -" "Tony," I growl, warning, even as I sniff back my tears.
His face twists into a sad little smile, but he nods to me, agreeing to be nicer to begin with.
I nod to him in turn, letting him get to his one last thing.
"After I left the table," Tony says, measured and low, "and you guys left the bar - let me just tell you what I think he did, according to who I think he is and how he treats women. Okay?"
I hesitate but then nod, allowing it. Kind of curious, despite myself, if Tony knows Luca better than we all thought. Better than me, even.
"My best guess," Tony says, his face even, "is that you left the bar together and you were angry and told him how you felt. Then he apologized immediately."
I go a bit still with how right Tony already is.
"And then," Tony says quietly,
nodding in tune with my reaction, "Luca told you something that made you feel sorry for him. And then you spent the rest of the night talking fo him about his problem, about something that made him sad. So essentially, he did something shitty to you and instead of spending the rest of the night making you feel better about it... he turned the tables, and you spent the rest of the night making him feel better." 
My jaw drops open as I stare at Tony.
Because...when he says it that way....
I realize that that's exactly what happened.
"Manipulation 101," Tony says, quiet and sad. "Find a nice girl. Treat her like shit. Make her comfort you for doing it."
Tears again fill my eyes as I look down at my hands, not liking this realization at all. Kind of wishing I'd never heard it. Because honestly, it was almost easier when I didn't see it.
"And today," Jesse says, his voice thoughtful. "Ari has an incredible breakthrough with her magic -"
Ben perks up a little at this news.
"And instead of celebrating her by coming to dinner and making her feel amazing about it, Luca mysteriously disappears and makes you feel sad instead. Makes the way you're feeling tonight all about him, instead of about you..."
I sniff hard, whipping my eyes up to
my cousin, my lip trembling even as
I frown. "He's tired," I say, my voice all wobbly. "He...he has complicated feelings about being part of my magical gift...he's allowed to have feelings." 
"I'm sorry, Ari, but that's bullshit," Tony says, his voice full of grief. "He
just can't stand that you're the most powerful, badass person in this school, maybe this nation. He thought the Goddess gave him a princess trophy mate and he's now figuring out that he's the side piece who stands around holding your hand while you make a burning Whirlwind of destruction It makes him feel worthless and instead of dealing with that his solution is to make you feel worthless in turn. Seriously, you have this amazing breakthrough today, and he's got you so worked up that you're too sad to eat? You're being way too kind, Ariel. He's treating you like crap and I can't fucking stand it." 
I drop my eyes to my lap again, tears slipping down my cheeks.
###Chapter 0657
She's not going to eat a single taco at this rate."
"Ooookay," Ben says, his own voice low and sad. A moment later I feel his arms around my shoulders, feel him pull me into his lap and tilt me back so that my head is against his chest, my head tucked beneath his chin. "Maybe...maybe enough of the tough love for now. "I'm sorry," Tony murmurs, and I glance over to see his own head hanging.
But even if my throat is too thick right now to enunciate it, I'm not mad at him. I mean, he's just speaking the truth, isn't he?
Because as much as I hate it, every single piece of that was true.
"Jesse?" Ben murmurs, glancing over at him. "I think we need chocolate?"
"On it," Jesse murmurs, pushing himself up from his chair and heading over to the nook.
"Don't get my chocolate!" I call out, frowning to him. "Get yours!"
"Your chocolate is way better, Ari," Jesse says, turning to glare at me, his hands on his hips.
"It's supposed to be a present to make me feel better," I growl, pointing vehemently over at his dresser, where I know he has a stash.
Jesse sighs and goes over to his dresser as I close my eyes, resting my head back against Ben. He tightens his arms around me in a warm hug and I smile a little, even as I sniff. But I jump when a huge weight lands in my lap, gasping as I look down at Jesse's entire candy stash.
"You can have all of it if it'll make you feel better," he murmurs, peering down at me. "You're too cool to cry, Ari." His mouth twists, almost as if he'll start crying too to see me so sad with no obvious solutions. "Jesse," I croak, reaching out a hand for him.
But Jesse sniffs and turn hard towards the door. "Nah, you eat a bunch of sugar, I'm going to go...for a walk..."
"Jesse!" I gasp, sitting up straight in Ben's lap, appalled. Because Jesse has never just gone for a casual stroll in his life. He's way too lazy.
"What!?" he growls over his shoulder, defensive, as he strides for the door. "I'm definitely not going to go beat the crap out of Grant -"
"Jesse!" I shout again. "Get your ass back over here - that is so not your -"
But the door clicks and then swings open and the four members of the Square of Secrecy all go silent as we stare at Rafe and Jacks, coming through the door.
They both immediately frown.
"What the hell is going on?" Rafe asks, pushing the door shut and turning towards us with a glare. "Why are you so quiet?"
Jackson's eyes immediately move to me curled up in Ben's lap with my cheeks streaked with tears, my lap full of candy. A growl bursts from him and he crosses the room in a few short strides.
Ben grimaces and immediately
unfolds his arms from around my shoulders, realizing he's in a potentially dangerous situation, but Jackson ignores him, bending low and immediately snatching me up, my knees folded over one of his arms as the other supports my back. Candy flies all over the floor, making Jesse gasp. 
"What's wrong?" Jackson growls down into my face, all murdery and sweet.
I can't help but smile, lifting a hand to his cheek. "Don't worry, I'm okay."
"You're crying," he snarls, vicious.
"And..." he looks down at the table at my still full plate. "You didn't eat anything." He whips his head to
glare at the Ben and Tony. "I told you
to make sure she ate!"
"Yeah, we did a shit job at that, didn't we," Tony murmurs, still lounging in Rafe's chair, his mouth twisted in disappointment. To his credit, he shows absolutely no fear of Jackson's foul mood.
"It's okay," I say again, laughing a little and patting Jackson's cheek before I wrap my arms around his neck, wanting him closer. My mate calms slightly, exhaling a long breath as he holds me close promise I'm okay. Just...a lot of
el!
emotions, all right?" 
"I hate that you're being vague," he growls, slowly rubbing a comforting hand up and down my back. "You'd better tell me everything."
I nod, agreeing to it. "Tony used to be a busboy," I whisper in his ear.
Jackson pulls back to frown at me and then turns his confusion on Tony, who just sighs and lifts a shoulder, not bothering to deny it. "Secret's out."
Jackson turns back to me. "Why are you crying about that?"
I laugh a little, unable to help it, but before I can explain Rafe is at Jackson's side, peering at me. "Are you seriously all right?" he asks.
"Yes, Rafe, I'm fine just...girl stuff." I sigh, then try to look over my shoulder. "Don't let Jesse leave," I say. "He wants to go on a nefarious mission which has not been approved."
###Chapter 0658
"Oh, Jesse's not going anywhere," Rafe says, reaching out a hand to beckon to our cousin. "We've got to talk. As a group."
"Where's Luca?" Jackson asks, looking around the room with a frown, probably noticing his absence for the first time.
Ben, Jesse, and Tony collectively groan and I grin at my mate. "I'll tell you later," I whisper, nudging his nose with mine. He growls a little, intuiting now the source of my tears, but doesn't fight it.
Tony slips unasked out of Rafe's chair and everyone settles in around the coffee table. Tony refills his plate with tacos as Jesse falls angrily back into his chair and Jacks sits on the couch with me in his lap, pressing a kiss to my cheek and holding me close to his chest. Inside my soul his wolf gives an impatient nudge at the bond, which I open completely so that he can trot across the little bridge and turn in a protective circle around my wolf, rubbing his head against her and growling his wary unhappiness.
My wolf gives a happy little howl and returns the gesture. Both Jackson and I physically relax, warmed at the contact, feeling much more at ease.
"How'd it go?" Jesse asks, clearly forcing himself to the new topic. "With the Captain?"
"Poorly," Rafe grumbles, sprawled in his chair. "He's pissed we even asked to switch things up. Ordered us unceremoniously out of his office, told us we're facing demerits for insubordination."
Jackson growls aloud, as if the thought of a demerit could even deter him.
"Thanks for trying, guys," I say, sitting up a little, really feeling much better. Even if Luca is being a jerk, it's wonderful to know I have so many other people beside me, fighting for me. "I think we need to try again, though. I don't think there's any reason why I should be running this scenario at Blythe's side."
"What do you mean?" Tony asks, genuinely curious.
"I mean that it's...stupid," I say, giving a simple shrug. "The group of us want to go to war together not because we're just buddies who want to protect each other, but because it makes sense. And after we saw what I can do today, with Luca and Jackson and Jesse at my side?" I shrug like it's obvious. "I mean, to send me to war - even practice war - without them is -"
But I'm interrupted by a steady, stern knock at the door.
Each of us turn towards it, surprised and expecting it to just swing open. I mean, all of our usual visitors won't even bother to knock.
But when nothing happens and the knock slowly comes again, I swallow, pushing myself out of Jackson's lap.
Rafe gets to his feet and moves towards the door, sending a glance back at me. But I nod to him, letting him know that I'm ready.
When Rafe swings the door open and gives the Captain a salute, I'm not at all surprised to see him.
And I'm not surprised, either, when he ignores Rafe and sets his angry eyes on me alone.
"Cadet Clark?" he snaps, nodding to the empty space in front of him. "Clearly, we need to have a conversation about insubordination as well."
Slowly, I get to my feet, a very slight
bit of anger starting to burn away all of the other emotions that have
been rushing through me tonight sadness, and betrayal, and even the very small bit of comfort that Jackson has given me in the past few minutes. 
"Have I been insubordinate, sir?" I ask, folding my hands behind my back.
"You've been insubordinate by proxy," he says, his own anger showing through. "Sending your brother and your mate down to make ridiculous requests in your favor."
I straighten my shoulders immediately. "Rafe and Jackson acted of their own accord."
"I find this hard to believe," the
Captain says, looking around our room at my friends. "Come, Clark," he snaps, turning his eyes back me. "We're going to my office to
have a little chat about kark
place." 
our
I stand still for a moment but then slowly start across the room towards him. I feel Jackson flinch behind me, wanting to pull me back to him where I'll be safe, but inwardly my wolf gives his wolf a little tick on the cheek and then trots away. He lets me go to handle this on my own, and I send him a wave of love and gratitude in turn. 
Slowly I cross the room and stand before the Captain. But then I stop.
"Whatever you have to say to me can be said before the rest of them," I say quietly, tilting my head back to look up into his face. "They are my team, after all."
A little growl hums in the Captain's chest. "You will fall in line and come with me, Cadet."
"Please, Captain," I say, quite prim, gesturing into the room. "Won't you come in?"
###Chapter 0659
The Captain and I are locked into a stalemate for a long, long moment, neither of us given in. He glares down at me, baring his teeth just slightly, trying to get me to break. But I just stare back up at him, impassive.
I've dealt with Alphas bigger than him all my life. If he thinks he can scare me, he's got a big surprise coming.
The Captain snaps his head to the side, looking in at the room of quiet Cadets just quietly watching us in a little bit of fearful awe.
"Perhaps you all do need to hear this," he growls, stepping into the room, pretending like it was his idea all along. I very carefully keep the smile off of my face as I press the door shut behind him and then move to stand before him, Rafe a few protective feet behind me, even as he lets me take the lead.
"I want to make it very clear," the Captain barks out, finishing his little survey of the room before returning his eyes to me. "That you all need to stop thinking that you have special privileges because of your connections to the throne. You are under my command here at the Academy and you will fall in line."
"Have we broken the rules, sir?" I ask, folding my hands behind my back, my fingers twisting tensely together.
"You have made a ridiculous request to re-form the draft pick from this morning, to bend the rules in your favor so that you can have the teams you want. It will not be done. The draft was fair and in accordance with the rules of the Game." "Not the teams we want, sir," I say, holding his gaze. "The teams we need."
His growl deepens as he glares at me, not liking at all that I'm not simply folding under his command.
I stay silent, looking up at him.
"This is finished," the Captain growls, starting to turn to the door. "I came up here merely to remind you of the chain of command. Stop wasting my time by acting like spoiled royals - you've already had enough special concessions to last a lifetime." As he reaches for the handle, I clear my throat. "If I may, sir?"
He turns towards me, a little appalled that I have anything to say.
But I just stay silent, staring at him, waiting for permission to speak.
He raises an eyebrow, the only invitation I'll get.
l.ne
the
"Thank you," I say, giving a little half bow of thanks for his concession in hearing me out. "But sir, we don't want to play in the Games together simply because it gives us an advantage." I glance back at the group, fully aware that this was conversation that we were just having. "But because it would be foolhardy to train us separate from each other. We need to train in battle situations together." 
"Why?" he growls.
"Because," I say, giving a simple shrug. "We need to go into battle together. It's...just a fact."
My words set him off and the
Captain takes three steps closer to me, snarling. Rafe closes the distance too, just slightly, but enough to make the Captain his eyes briefly to him, to see it. "You will all go into battle in whatever formations the military sees fit to assign you," he snaps, starting to lose his temper. "It has nothing to do with what your preferences or friendships are. You will go where
you are useful and that is the end of
the story." 
"I understand, sir," I say quietly. "But we are most useful at each other's side. It is...frankly, sir, it is stupid to train us apart."
The Captain gives me a livid snarl and I swallow hard, thinking that...well, that perhaps that pushed it too far.
"Sir, if you could only see what we can do -"
"Enough, Cadet!"
"Please, sit, what we developed today in our magic class is incredible - the implications it can have for the war - if you could just see it you would understand why we shouldn't -"
"Enough!" he roars, his face turning
bright red, leaning close enough to me that his spittle this my face. "You will fall in line! You will follow orders! You will stop asking for these concessions and play the Game in the order you were assigned!" 
I purse my lips hard, an imaginary hand inwardly gripping my wolf's fur as I hold her back. "Please," I beg, between my teeth. "If you would simply allow us to demonstrate."
"You will obey, or you will be kicked out of this Academy, Cadet," the Captain snarls, truly at the end of his tether.
###Chapter 0660
I stare up at him, my temper firmly leashed, my jaw set even though I am absolutely filled with rage from head to toe. How dare he - how dare he not even listen to me!? When I have so much to give - and so much I can offer.
"Is that your final word on this, sir?" I ask. "You won't even allow me to demonstrate what I mean?"
"No," he snarls. "I would like you to demonstrate your obedience, like every other Cadet here."
When I feel my palms start to heat with my anger, my gift starting to make itself known, I check myself, force my anger down. My wolf curls herself in my soul, even though it takes a great deal of effort to do so, closing her eyes even as a growl slips from between her teeth. The Captain takes this as affirmation, turning hard towards the door. Before he can go, though, I call out his name one more time.
He turns to me, slow, his expression letting me know that I am on quite dangerous ground.
I look down at the floor, steadying myself, forcing my breath to stay even. "Please, sir, about my safety in the Games, considering everything that happened in the Examination."
He stays silent and still, allowing me to continue.
I raise my eyes to meet his. "Considering that Blythe and Wright were partners," I says quietly. "I wont play tomorrow if you can't assure my safety. I don't know Blythe. I don't trust him. Them," I say, gesturing to my group of Alphas. "I trust."
The Captain straightens slightly, holding my eyes, I think realizing that this is a reasonable request - and perhaps also a concession he can make. "I will guarantee your safety, Cadet," he says quietly.
"Thank you," I say, bowing a little, inhaling deeply as I do, letting it end there.
Rafe scoffs behind me, ready to protest, but I throw out a hand towards him, stopping him in his tracks as he strides for the door.
The Captain glares at us anew but leaves without another word, slamming the door shut behind him.
"Ariel," Rafe snarls, turning to glare at me now. "You should never have agreed to that - I don't want you in that Game without at least one of us by your side, if not all of us -"
"I didn't agree to anything, Rafe," I
sigh, turning back towards the room and striding across it myself - heading for the bathroom, though, instead of the couch. Because m pissed as hell, and exhausted after crying so much earlier. 
"Ariel!" Rafe barks after me. "This is not finished!"
"Yes it is!" I snap back, reaching for the door handle.
To my surprise, a hand appears on top of mine just as I reach the door - not stopping me, but making me pause. I look up into Jackson's eyes, wondering how the hell he got there so fast. "Please," he says, more of a growl that a calm request, clearly keeping a leash on his own frantic anger as well. "Come and talk to us, Ariel. We're not finished here."
"I need a minute to myself, Jacks," I say, quite snarly myself.
He softens at that and sighs, lifting his hand up. "You're okay?"
"I'm okay," I whisper, reaching up to trace my fingers briefly across his cheek. "I just...need a minute. Truly. Are you going to be okay with that, if I take a little time to process my thoughts?"
Jackson sighs but then nods to me, letting me have my space.
I slip into the bathroom, not even letting my thoughts get very far, my wolf nipping each one off in turn. Because if let myself fully indulge, in everything that's going through my mind -how angry I am at the Captain, and how incredibly hurt at Luca's actions, how frustrated and scared I am about the war how anxious I am about the Goddess's timeline for my marks, and how frightened and thrilled I am in turn at the change in my magic and all the possibilities it presents... 
God, I'm just going to spiral and go insane.
So I just flip the taps on the gigantic tub, and let it fill all the way to the top as I strip off my clothes. When it's finished, I walk down the little set of steps until I'm up to my
and sink to the bottom. 
shoulders, and take a demet
And when I get there, I open my mouth and scream my frustration out as loud as I can.
###Chapter 0661
The boys let me have my space for much longer than I thought they would - for hours, really. I spend a long time in the bath, simmering and calming down before I begin to sort through my thoughts. Then, when I'm calm enough, I take each individual issue in turn, piece
by piece. In time, each of the thoughts takes a new route, becomes a plan.
Eventually I get up and towel off, wrapping the towel warm around me. But even then I don't leave, pulling myself up onto the wide marble counter and putting my feet in the sink, resting my head against the mirror as I turn my plans over more and more, trying to see the flaws in them, trying to ensure that I pick the best route.
The only interruption is a harsh knock at the door at least an hour in - probably more - before the entrance cracks open and someone sends a cold plate of tacos skittering across the floor. The demand is clear in the action - eat, damn it.
I smirk, but do as I'm bid, getting up and gathering the dish. But I take it right back to my spot and eat quietly as I continue to plot and ponder.
It's quite late, really, when I come out of the bathroom and head into the nook. The room is already dark, the boys in bed.
"Finally," Jesse grumbles, immediately getting up and moving immediately for the bathroom. "Others need this space too, you know."
"Sorry," I call, my voice more even than it was before as I pick up the cadet handbook and carry it to my bed with me. But Jesse doesn't say anything in response.
He doesn't need to. I know he's not really mad.
I sigh and turn towards the nook, slipping in and quickly heading for my chest of drawers, pulling on a quick pair of underwear and pajamas before climbing into bed.
Jackson's awake, as I knew, and immediately opens his arms for me. I sigh and let him wrap me up, putting the book aside for a minute and resting my face against his blissfully-warm chest.
"I'm sorry," I whisper, thinking of Luca and how he, too, abandoned me when he was upset. I hope quite desperately that I didn't do the same to Jacks. "I hope that didn't upset you. I just...needed space to think."
"It's fine, Ariel," Jackson murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair. "I was always ten feet away. I could feel you just needed to think. You're allowed to do that."
"I know," I murmur, pressing myself tighter to his side. "I just don't want you to feel abandoned."
He growls, rolling me a bit so that I
rest fully on top of his chest and stomach now, where I always end up sleeping and where I think he-
likes me best. "That's not whate
happened," he whispers. Thanet
he
hesitates. "Do you want to tell me
what that was all about?
"I do," I say quietly, a little whine in my voice. "But...I'm also scared that if I start talking about it I'll go to pieces." I sigh and let my eyes drift shut. "It's just been such a big day, Jacks. I feel like there is...so much on my plate." He hums, understanding - as he always is. And I smile, turning my face a little to press a kiss to his chest. "Sleep, then. We'll talk in the morning."
I smile a little, snuggling closer. "Can we go for a run? In the dream scape?"
"Sure, babes," he murmurs, petting a hand over my hair. "Whatever makes you feel good works for me."
I nod, and sigh, not fully better yet but...certainly getting there, with Jacks at my side. I wait a little bit until Jackson drifts off and then quickly pick up the cadet handbook and the little book light I got for Midwinter, flipping through a few pages and doing some light reading before I, too fall asleep. 
I wake in the morning newly determined to enact my plan.
Which, unfortunately, makes me snappier than I'd like to be. Because even if a night of running with Jacks in the dream scape did a great deal to heal my exhausted little heart, after a night of thinking and dwelling on everything that Luca and Blythe and the Captain did and said... 
God, but I'm pissed as hell. And kind of ready to let the world know about it.
###Chapter 0662
"Whoa," Jackson says, inhaling a deep breath as he wakes up next to me, immediately feeling my foul disposition. "You're in an...interesting mood today."
I huff a little laugh and sit up, straddling his hips and putting my hands on his chest, peering down into his face. "I'm not moody at you, though," I say, tilting my head and taking in his incredibly handsome face, his muscled and honed body. God, crap, but he's good looking.
Jackson bursts into a smile as he senses the direction of my thoughts, his hands moving to my hips. "Good," he sighs. "I think I'd be afraid, honestly, if you were truly mad at me. I fear the wrath of Ariel."
"Clever boy," I whisper, grinning and leaning forward, pressing a kiss to his mouth. Jackson wraps me up, as he always does, returning my kiss with all the warmth and love that I give to right back to him.
I break it before I want to, before we have the chance to get all worked up and panting. "Time to get up."
He groans, tightening his arms around me. "No, let's quit school," he grumbles.
But I just laugh and kiss him again and press myself away, hopping out of bed and striding for the bathroom.
"I don't like it when you have plans!" he calls after me, wary.
Jesse sits up in his bed, rubbing an eye. "Ariel has plans?"
"Oh god," Rafe groans. "What the hell are we in for now?"
"Ari!" Rafe barks, grabbing my arm as I stride out of the castle, heading for the helicopters ahead of me. "Stop this right now!"
"Oh, let go of me, you big brat," I snarl, turning to glare at him. "We've already been over this! This is happening, and if you try to stop me, I'll set you on fire!"
Jesse and Jackson spill out of the castle after us, looking equally tense.
This is a fight we've been having all morning - each of the boys demanding that I tell them what I've got planned, or that I not participate in the Games, and me pleading and demanding that they trust me in turn. The fight continued until it was time to go, and then down the stairs.
And now it's time for us to get on different helicopters, and we've come to no sort of agreement, and everyone's pissed.
"You can't just keep threatening to light me on fire!" Rafe snarls, tightening his hand on my arm.
I narrow my eyes at him and then snap my gaze down to the little strip of grass that remains between us. It bursts into flames. Rafe gasps and jumps back before starting to stop on it.
It's out in a second. It was just a tiny fire, after all.
"God damn it, Ari," he growls.
"You need to stop threatening me, Rafe!" I snap, glaring hard at hime "You're just pissed that you can't bully me anymore now that I have brute force equal to yours - 
"Enough!" Jesse shouts, coming to literally stand between us and shoving a hand against each of our chests, which has me stumbling a few steps back while Rafe just stands still. Jackson's behind me in an instant, catching me before I can trip over my own boots. 
"Ari, just tell us," Jackson begs, anxious.
"You trust me or you don't," I snarl, looking between the three of them.
"That's not fair, Ari," Rafe says, shaking his head at me. "It's not that black and white."
"It is when you want it to be, Rafe," I say, raising my eyebrows at him. "What, because I'm not in the chain of command I can't make calls?"
He tightens his lips, glaring at me.
"I'm doing this," I say, straightening
up and setting my shoulders. "Ommy
own, my move. Not ours
and Jackson and Jesse figafe
me. Me." 
for
"But we all know you're up to something," Jackson growls, glaring down at me. "And we don't want you to get killed -"
"He promised I'd be safe!" I say, gesturing out to the field to where the Captain is somewhere.
"But Ari," Jesse says, stepping towards me, worried.
"Enough!" I shout, desperately resisting the urge to stop my foot. "You will let me be my own person! You will let me make my choices! This is done!"
All three go very silent and still for a moment before Rafe slowly steps forward.
###Chapter 0663
To my shock, Rafe just wraps me up in his arms and pulls me into a tight hug. "If you get killed I'll never forgive you," he murmurs, his head ducked low against my own. "And dad will slaughter me. So. Avoid that, please. I would like to live long enough to meet my mate." I go still but then laugh a little, hugging my brother back for a long moment before he lets me go, still looking down at me like he hates me a little bit but giving into it.
Jesse just sighs and wraps me in a hug next. "Give 'em hell, baby trouble," he murmurs. "And don't shoot me in the face when you come for me - I'm very pretty, it's my only saving grace. Don't take that away."
I laugh, shoving him away next and turning to Jackson - who is hardest of all.
He just sighs and nods towards the helicopters, to where all the troops are gathering - some of them his, waiting for him. The four of us walk together, me close to Jackson's side.
His wolf snarls and howls, scratching at the edge of our bond, desperately unhappy though Jackson holds him back and doesn't allow any of this on his face.
You know this is killing me, right? He asks, speaking directly into my mind.
I turn my face up to his, sad to put him through it. I know. But thank you for trusting me. I promise I'll be safe. What I have planned wont' take long.
The minute you feel unsafe, you call for me, okay? He says, looking directly into my eyes, his pain and worry showing directly there. No matter where you are, I'll hear you and I'll come. I promise.
I step closer, biting my lip a bit as I look up at him with shining eyes and nod. I don't think we have to worry about it, I whisper, back, still grinning. But I will. I promise I will.
Jackson narrows his eyes at me, smirking a bit like he can't help it. What on earth do you have brewing, fire sprite?
I just grin up at him and shake my head, letting nothing out. But my wolf trots across the bond, pressing herself warm against his gigantic wolf's side. His wolf snarls a bit, dipping his head to press his teeth to her neck and pretending to give her ruff a little shake like a wayward pup who doesn't listen. But I laugh, taking it for the joke he means it, and my mate beams down at me.
Jackson stops outside his own set of helicopters, where his troops are massing. Jesse stops too, going to stand with Tony, who is also on Jackson's team as well. "Well go on," Jackson says to me, his words tight as he nods towards the small helicopter at the end of the row. "Quit spying on my strategy, enemy."
I just beam at him, standing on my toes, resisting the urge to jump into his arms. He just grins and forces himself to turn away.
"Shoot straight!" Rafe calls to me,
waving me
I
my though I can tell it's
killing him to let me go too. I wave to my brother, beaming at him, and start towards where I can see Blythe kneeling by our supplies, checking through them as he waits for me. 
"Ari!"
Someone catches at my arm and I turn in surprise to look up into Luca's eyes.
"Ari, where are you going?" he gasps, staring at me in shock before turning to look at Rafe and Jackson. "Didn't they - what are you -"
"I'm playing the Games, Luca," I say, deftly pulling my arm from his hand. "Just like you."
"But you..." he frowns at me, confused.
"Is there something you need?" I ask, deliberately cold, staring blankly up into his eyes. "I have to go join my team."
Luca sighs, giving up the pretense and pursing his lips as he looks down at me. "Ari, look, I'm really sorry I didn't come up last night -"
"No time now, Luca," I say, turning away and starting for Blythe.
Luca grabs my arm again, pulling me back, and this time I snarl as
stop, looking deliberately down net
his hand and then slowly lifting my eyes to his face. 
Luca's eyes go wide and he drops my arm. "Ari..."
"Anything you wanted to say, Luca, you could have said to me last night," I say, quiet and controlled. "Right now, I'm out of time."
"I was really tired last night -" he whispers, affronted.
"We're all tired, Luca," I say, my voice flat. "See you tonight for dinner, if you can muster up the energy."
I stride away to Blythe, not bothering
to look back at my mate. Because
I'm still livid with him, even if I've got bigger things on my plate right now. 
AUMS
###Chapter 0664
"Hey, Blythe," I say as I approach. He looks up at me with a bit of surprise.
"Hey, Clark," he says, breaking into a smile. "Didn't think I'd get you here without a bit of kicking and screaming."
"Well, I'm here," I say, giving a little shrug. "Any chance you want to make a last minute trade?"
He just raises his eyebrows and stands.
"I have it on good authority," I say quietly, "that both Rafe and McClintock will work together to trade you their best guys if you just give me to one of them. You don't even have to give me my gun to go with me." I give a little kick to the familiar case that I now know holds my paintball sniper rifle.
Blythe twists his mouth to the side and gives a shrug. "My plan is to still work with you, Clark. I'm...kind of sorry to hear that you hate it so much that you don't even want to try working with me. I didn't do all of this to be a dick. I was looking forward to getting to know you. Building a team."
"I already have a team," I say quietly, looking off to the side. "So, is that a no on the trade?"
"It's a no, kid."
I clench my teeth a bit, but shrug, letting it pass. "Okay." I look around at the rest of the pile of supplies. "Is any of the rest of this for me?" "Sure," Blythe says, giving me a small smile. "A lot of it, actually. Since I only requisitioned one Cadet, we got a lot of really good supplies."
"Cool," I say, crouching down and looking around at it all. "Should we get it on the chopper?"
"Yeah," he says, laughing a little, cheerful to see me cooperating instead of continuing to fight. "Let's get going."
In the helicopter, Blythe explains the majority of the supplies that he requisitioned and I listen carefully, noting it all. Then even before we land we start to strap on what we can, knowing that the game starts as soon as the helicopter takes off and that at least one of the other teams will be coming for us fast, wanting at least to take out me and my rifle.
I sling that onto my back and then begin to strap on the hip and thigh holster that Blythe ordered for me, which is small and precisely measured enough for me to guess that Daphne had a hand in making it. I smile, silently thanking her for it as I fasten the last buckle. Then, to my distinct pleasure, Blythe starts to hand me guns.
"What are all these?" I ask, laughing a little.
"Compact revolves at your hips," he says, nodding to me as I start to strap them on too. "Larger pistols and extra magazine at your thighs."
I grin as I finish strapping it all to my body and then drape my bandolier of sniper bullets across my chest. "Cool. I like your style, Blythe."
He laughs, nodding to me. "See? I knew we'd get along, once we had the chance to try it."
I nod back to him but don't say
anything else, just peering out the
window of the helicopter as he begins to lay out his strategy for me, which involves attacking Rafe first and going from there. I don't really pay attention, though. 
I have other plans, after all.
The helicopter lands and Blythe and I climb out at our assigned base. The field today is very different than before gently rolling hills covered in trees, much less advantage for a sniper than the previous cliff faces. I wonder if the Captain thought about that when he chose it. 
"Okay," Blythe says, waving off the helicopter and tooking down at the map as he lifts a canteen of water over his shoulder. We have very little to offload from the chopper since it's just the two of us and Blythe plans to abandon the base immediately. "We've just got to figure out which of these bases belongs to Sinclair -" 
"Is it started?" I ask, peering up after the helicopter, curious.
"What?" Blythe asks, looking up at me.
no
"The Games," I say quietly. "Has it started?"
He looks up after the helicopter too, which pulls away.
"Um, yeah," he says, frowning after it. "Soon as the helicopter's gone, we're in."
"Okay," I say with a sigh, taking a step away from Blythe and casually unholstering the pistol at my hip. "Sorry about this."
I aim the pistol directly at Blythe's chest and pull the trigger.
A satisfying burst of pink paint blooms on his vest.
###Chapter 0665
Blythe stares down at his chest for a moment, appalled, before he whips his handsome face back up to mine. "What the fuck, Ari!?" he shouts, his teeth lengthening to dangerous points. I take a step back, leveling the gun at his face, knowing a paintball placed there will "I told you I didn't want to work with you," I say, my voice cold. "You should listen to soldiers who tell you, several times, that they're not on your side."
cause enough pain to give me a head start if I need to run.
"You've completely fucked me over here!" he shouts, advancing a step and forcing me back another. "This affects my command record! This is going to -"
"Yeah, well, you fucked me over too," I snarl, showing my own teeth and tensing my hand on the gun, letting him see me do it - that I am ready to shoot and I'm close enough to snap his long, pretty nose or give him a black eye. "But you're in good company - so don't take it too personally. And now if you don't mind, I have to go fuck over everyone else who's pissing me off today."
Blythe growls, his teeth still bared, but he stands straighter, clearly not continuing his advance. I drop the gun, just an inch.
"I wasn't trying to piss you off," he says, looking me dead in the eyes. "I wanted...I wanted to fucking get to know you, Clark."
"You could have just come to our breakfast table, Blythe," I say quietly, cold. "We're there every day."
He scoffs. "Yeah, just waltz up to Rafe and Jesse Sinclair's table and ask to sit down?"
"Luca Grant did it," I say, perfectly quiet. "So did McClintock." I don't bother to mention that I invited him that first time. "Didn't have to pull a power move and yank me away from my team just to get my attention."
I sigh and drop my gun completely, starting to turn to survey the landscape, knowing I have to get started.
"It's not that simple," Blythe snaps. "Rafe and Jesse have already written me off - McClintock is a closed book - Juniper said that -"
"Juniper," I snap, turning back to him with a frown. "What the fuck does Juniper have to do with this?"
He goes a bit still, staring at me, and I realize that he didn't say her name on purpose. His mouth falls open as he struggles for an explanation that doesn't come.
"Stay the fuck away from Juniper Sinclair," I snarl, storming back to him and shoving the gun right in his face. "Do you hear me!?"
"Ari!" he gasps, shoving the gun away. But I've already got the another one in my left hand snapping that up into his face next, my finger on the trigger.
"Away. From. Her." I snarl. But then I drop my gun seeing his face go pale, that he realized he fucked up. "And don't think that I'm not telling Rafe that you had her name in your mouth. This is not the end of this. Now get the fuck out of here - you're dead, the game's over, these are my supplies now." 
Blythe groans but turns away from me, storming back beyond our base to the check point there where he can receive further instructions for how to reach a helicopter and return to school. But as he walks away I quietly add him to my mentalshit list and then move on from it, knowing that I have much, much more to do. 
And that there are people probably moving for me right now.

HEY JACKS! I shout in my head, as loud and hard as I can, even as I start gathering up the fancy equipment Blythe left behind - a heat senser, an assault rifle, and even a little hand-held drone that could be used to scope out the landscape ahead. I attach the sensor and the drone to my belt and then spread the map out on the
ground before me. 
Jackson's response takes a moment but when it comes into my mind, faint and echoing, I can tell he's freaked. Ari! Where are you!? I'm coming now - what's wrong -
No, no, I respond, easier now. Sorry - I only shouted because I wanted you to hear me.
The response is at first only a frustrated snarl. You're all right?
Yup! I respond, cheerful but clipped. Hey, which of these little X's on the map is you?
I can almost feel him sigh as he replies. I'm not supposed to tell you that. You're the enemy.
Oh shut up and spill, I say, grinning, adoring him even from afar and letting him feel every bit of it.
Jackson sighs again and then tells me where he is. I grin when I see that it's not the furthest X from me; indeed, that it's only a mile or two away.
Thanks, puppy, you're the best, I say mentally to my mate, sending the impression of a quick kiss down the bond too.
And then I get to my feet, heft the big assault gun into my hands, and start jogging into the woods.
About thirty minutes later, panting slightly and begrudgingly grateful for Rafe and Jesse dragging me out for a run every morning for the past few months, I come within sight of Jackson's camp.
###Chapter 0666
I call the little drone back to me with the handheld base, grinning as it lands in my hand like a bird and reattaching it to my belt. "Thank you!" I murmur to it. "I'm asking for one of you for my birthday."
It really was incredibly useful to be able to send the little drone out ahead of me to scope - it's small and quiet enough to go mostly unnoticed and it allowed me to see a whole pack of what I assume were Wright's soldiers running straight for my base, probably intent on overwhelming Blythe and I from the start. But, since I knew their path and where they were heading, I just headed slightly west and stayed out of their way, keeping an eye on them with the little drone and continuing my trek north while they headed towards my empty camp.
I take a deep breath and start up the slight hill towards Jackson's camp, doing nothing to hide the sounds of my approach or otherwise disguise myself. Instead, I pull a little white napkin out of my pocket - one I stole from our breakfast tray this morning - and start waving it over my head.
I see the flurry of activity that breaks out in Jackson's camp as soon as I'm spotted and can't keep the little smirk from my mouth as I approach.
"Halt!" comes a voice from above, and I turn my gaze on a couple of Cadets peering over the edge of a hill at me. "Stay there!"
"I'm not going to shoot!" I call out, still waving the little flag. It's a lie, but...well. If they fall for it, that's their problem.
"Just stay there!"
I do as I'm told, dropping my arm and waiting, grateful that they didn't shoot me on sight.
But if I know my mate, they're under distinct orders not to.
Jackson appears a moment later, his huge form cresting the hill and standing on top of it, glaring down at me like he's already worried that what I'm going to say and do next is going to ruin all of his plans. Which it is.
"What the hell are you doing here?" he calls.
"I come bearing gifts!" I say, holding out the gigantic assault rifle.
Jackson's eyebrows go up, liking that one. "Where's Blythe?"
"He died," I say, heaving a big dramatic sigh and twisting my lips like I'm sorry about it.
Jackson sighs again but orders his troops not to shoot and waves me forward.
I grin, setting forward at a jog and heading directly into the camp.
Unable to hide their curiosity, the soldiers in Jackson's camp peer at me from their assigned locations. Jesse gasps, immediately striding forward, and I hear Tony give a whoop as he likewise rushes over. "Hey!" Tony says, dashing in and wrapping me in a hug just as Jacks opens his mouth - probably to scold me.
"Hi, I brought you a present!" I say, hugging him and then detaching the little drone from my belt and pressing it into his hands. "It's super cool, it -"
"Ari," Jesse growls, "You can't just -"
"And this is for you!" I push the assault rifle at my cousin, making his mouth form into a little stunned "o" of delight as he takes it and begins his inspection. "You can't just abandon your team and join ours, Clark," Jackson says, his voice dark. "You can't just give us your supplies."
"Well, then say you captured them or something, say, giving a shrug and starting to unsling my paintball rifle and drop the guns from my hips and thighs Jesse's eyes go wide when he sees just how much firepower I'm currently carrying. 
"Ari," Jackson sighs, dragging a hand down his face, "you can't just break all the rules because you're -"
"Yes, Jacks," I say, deliberately interrupting him and looking him hard in the eyes. "I can."
Everyone goes a bit still as I palm my last handgun - the same one I used to kill Blythe - and raise it to point at Jackson's chest next.
"What do you say?" I ask, starting to
grin, a bit wicked. Jackson's face goes slack as Tony's bursts into a smile. Jesse just looks between us, shocked and confused. "Want to blow off this stupid game with me? Go get some sun?" 
Tony bursts into laughter as Jackson stares at me for a long moment.
Then my mate's face breaks into a wide smile. "Passing command to you, Sinclair," Jackson murmurs, keeping his eyes on me and taking his earpiece off, holding it out to Jesse. "W-what!?" Jesse gasps, staring at him, still not getting it.
But the sound of my gun breaks the stillness of the fort. Jackson doesn't even take a step back, just looks down at the pink splotch on his front before tooking up at me, proud and pleased and a little bit vicious "Come on, kid," he murmurs, holding out a hand to me. "Let's bail." 
###Chapter 0667
"Wait, I can't go yet!" I gasp, laughing, delighted that this is working out as I planned. "I'm still alive!" I turn to Jesse, buzzing with happiness and energy. "Want to take me out, cousin?"
"You're insane," Jesse murmurs, but he sighs and reaches down to take one of my pistols off the ground. "But yes, cousin, nothing would give me more pleasure."
I gasp dramatically as Jesse raises the gun and gives me a steady shot in the shoulder. I gasp, stumbling back, pretending to be grievously wounded. But then I'm laughing, dashing forward and taking Jackson's hand as he snarls and pulls me to his side. "This really is crazy," he murmurs, beaming down at me as Jesse turns towards his shocked troops and starts to shout out orders. "There's going to be hell to pay for this."
"I said I wasn't going into battle without you," I reply, stepping close and smiling up at him. I shrug. "They should have listened."
"Oh, get out of here, you ghosts," Tony says, laughing and giving me a little shove. "The rest of us have work to do."
"Don't lose!" Jackson calls, tugging me with him as he turns away towards the check-point at the back of the base. "Follow the plan - it's a good one-you should -"
"Go on, McClintock!" Jesse shouts. I turn for a second to see him grinning at us, waving as we go. "I'm in charge now!"
"They're doomed," Jackson murmurs as I turn back to him and we head through the woods.
"Oh, who cares," I sigh, pressing myself closer to his side than I probably should. "Let's go hang out."
About thirty minutes later we're back at the school after a fairly awkward helicopter ride with Blythe and two more Cadets I don't know. Blythe just gaped at me as Jackson and I climbed into the helicopter, clearly not understanding what the hell my motives were in taking him out only to die so soon.
But I just glared at him right back and don't say a word, remembering what he said about Juniper. Mind to mind, I passed Jackson the information about what Blythe said. Jackson went rigid and then turned a ferocious snarl Blythe's way, ready to rip him to pieces. It gave me a great deal of pleasure to see each and every drop of blood drain out of Blythe's face.
But that pleasure quickly drains from me as we disembark the helicopter and Jackson and I go our own way, because I still have a great deal more to do today.
Well, tonight. Today I imagine the
people want to have
conversations with will be busy with the Games. But still, there's a great deal to prepare for tonight.
Jackson walks quietly at my side during our traverse through the castle and back to our room. But when we get inside, he quietly takes my hand and turns me to him. "Why didn't you tell me, Ari?" he asks, frowning down into my face. "I could have helped you with this."
"It was mine to do, Jacks," I say, raising my chin and squeezing his hand. "I kind of needed this to not be a Team Sinclair sort of thing. I needed it to be mine."
He raises an eyebrow at me. "But aren't we a team? You and me?"
I step close to him, looking quietly up into his face. "We are,” I say, meaning it with my whole heart. "But when you and I are a team, Jacks... think sometimes people just see you, and don't notice lil ole me standing there at your side.
He growls a little at the idea. "Only fools would make that mistake," he says, raising a hand to my cheek.
"Yeah, well," I say with a sigh. "World is full of a lot of fools."
"And you've thought about the
consequences of this?" he asks
quietly. "The Captain is going to flip.
At best you're going to lose your
status as his little pet sniper, his
favorite student. At worse, you'll get
kicked out of school."
I take another step closer, wrapping my arms around his waist, resting my chin on his chest as I look up at him. "I won't get kicked out of school."
"How do you know that?" he murmurs, knocking my cap off and stroking a hand over my braided hair.
###Chapter 0668
"Nepotism," I say with a grin.
He laughs, short, and shakes his head. "You're very confident, Sinclair."
"It's what I tried to say last night, Jacks," I whisper, my face falling into more serious lines. "We're not just...students playing games anymore, not really. We're prepping for actual war - and considering what we can do when we're together, they shouldn't be training us separately. It's a waste of time. And if they won't listen to me when I say that - I'll make them listen."
"Bold little fire sprite," Jackson murmurs, gazing down at me, his support clear in his expression as well as down our bond. "I hope you're right."
"You're in trouble too, you know," I say, grinning up at him. "You didn't have to leave. You could have shot me first - I'd have let you."
"And turn down the opportunity to hang out with you all afternoon?" he says, raising an eyebrow at me. "As well as make a very bold statement to the authorities that my allegiances are to the Princess and her alone?"
I grin at Jackson and he shakes his head.
"No way, tiny," he murmurs, bending slightly to press a kiss to my forehead. "I wasn't missing this."
I laugh and reach my arms up, emitting a little squeak of demand, and Jackson laughs, immediately picking me up and turning me in a circle as I wrap my arms around his neck, burying my face against his shoulder and hugging him quite tight. And even as he holds me close and I let warmth and happiness flood me, I know that it's short-lived.
Jackson is right - that I've got a storm of trouble coming my way quite soon. Still, until it does? I'm going to enjoy every bit of rest and relaxation that I've got.
"Come on," Jackson says with a little sigh, carrying me to the couch and then putting me down on my feet when we get there. "Are you hungry? You should eat - and then we have work to do. We've got to plan out what you're going to say to the Captain, because he's going to walk in here in a complete rage and -"
"Oh, I've already done all that," I say with a little yawn, stretching my arms over my head.
He goes a bit still, frowning at me. "When did you do that?"
"Last night," I say, waving a hand at him, dismissing the point. Honestly, I've got all of that planned. "I think I have other priorities this afternoon."
Jackson just stares at me like I'm insane again - but I just smile and
fold my hands behind el.
turning sharply on my heel and heading for the bathroom. 
"Okay," Jackson sighs, sitting down on the couch. "I'll be out here when you're ready."
I don't say anything. Instead I just quietly go into the bathroom and step to the side, leaving the door open. I turn on the shower to a nice steamy setting and unbraid my hair. Then strip off all of my clothes, starting with my boots and leaving everything in a piled heap in the corner. 
Taking a deep, happy breath in anticipation of the way the water is going to feel against my skin, I step beneath the rainfall shower head and tilt my head back, instantly drenched and loving the feel of it on my face. 
As I do that, I send a little pulse of want down the bond to Jacks. Just a tiny thing. A nudge. An invitation.
A few moments later, I hear his footsteps at the door and I turn around.
I step forward a little so that the water only hits my back, taking a moment to wipe my face so that I can see him standing there, staring at me, a little shocked.
I take a moment then as my heart begins to pound and I bite my lip. "Well?" I say, the word soft as I give a little shrug. "Are you coming in?"
My mate growls, the sound resonant and possessive in his chest.
And then he steps into the room and starts to strip off his clothes in turn.
###Chapter 0669
My heart absolutely pounds in my chest as my mate kicks off his boots and pulls his shirt over his head. When his hands move to his belt next, deftly unbuckling it and then unbuttoning his pants, beginning to shove them to the floor, my mouth goes dry.
And I forget to breathe.
Because, I mean, up until now I have felt very brave.
But quite suddenly I am on very, very new ground. And it's quite scary here.
Jackson feels my fear, probably hears the frantic thrum of my heart, and smirks at me as he straightens up, standing before me completely naked for the first time.
And if there was any breath left in my lungs it would all woosh out at once because he is...he is one hell of a specimen.
God damn it, but he's gorgeous. I let my eyes move slowly all the way over him, from his beautiful face all the way down to his feet. And god, hell, but I'm pleased by what I see.
"Breathe, Clark," Jackson murmurs, stepping close to me and wrapping an arm around my waist, pulling my slick body tight against his and running a hand over my wet hair as I stare up at him. "It's all right."
Obedient, I suck in a deep breath, staring to shake a little bit, which makes him grin.
"Where'd that brave girl go?" he whispers, smiling down at me. "The one who was ready to take on the whole school and give the Captain and the rest of the military a piece of her mind? What, she's scared of a naked guy?"
"No," I snarl, giving him a hearty smack on the chest that makes him laugh. "I'm just adjusting, okay!? You naked is...impactful, all right?"
"There she is," he murmurs, taking a moment to stare down into my eyes.
But just a moment - because half a second later, Jackson lets out that wicked snarl I love and snatches me up into his arms, stepping into the shower so that the water pounds down around us, his mouth finding mine like it belongs there.
I moan into him, not bothering to muffle it, my legs going around his waist as Jackson lifts me up against him, one hand sliding slick over my back, the other lifting to wrap in my hair low behind my head. I gasp as he tightens the strands in his fist, tugging my head back just slightly, baring my neck to him.
It's the most delicious agony as he
moves his mouth from mine and licks his tongue down the length of my throat, pausing to press his teeth - just delicately - over that soft place he loves just between my neck and my shoulder. I shudder, hard, my hips shifting me tighter against him, but he lifts his head and kisses
-
me again fervent and a little out of
control. 
Jackson and I lose ourselves to each other then in the water, his heartbeat soon coming to match my own for pace and urgency. He kisses me like to take his mouth from mine for even an instant is a sin and each move of his lips against mine, each press of his tongue, has me falling even deeper into a dizzy spell of want.
Because the effect he has on me - it
hasn't changed, not since that first time he kissed me in the darkness on that cliff. Just like that first time, want him instantly, badly, on a very visceral level. I want him to set me down immediately on the cold tiles of this shower, and lay his body over mine, and sink himself so deeply inside of me that I forget my damn name. 
Except this time, Jackson and I are closer. Our bond is established, and open, and so, so much deeper than it's ever been. So when my wolf howls to his, telling him how badly we wants this, his is already there, pressed against her side, baring his teeth, snarling in that fierce way she so loves.
Jackson groans, his shoulders trembling slightly, and pulls his mouth from mine, though I can tell it takes a great deal of will and effort to do it. He breathes deeply, staring into my eyes, searching them.
"Do you want this?"
His question is just a whisper.
I only hesitate for a second before I nod, fervent, water spilling down my face and his. My eyes drop to his mouth and I can't help raising a
hand to it, running my thumb oven et
his bottom lip, tracing the line of water there and thinking how badly I want to drink it - that anything, anything that touches him first is
sacred. 
"I do," I whisper, leaning forward to press my mouth to his again, but just for a moment before I groan and pull away, half an inch. "Do...do you?"
Because it's always been him pulling back, wanting to wait. And as much as I am desperate for him right now in this moment, I don't want to force it. Not if he's not ready.
Jackson takes a moment and I raise my eyes to his beautiful sapphire gaze - so stunning that I get lost in it, almost missing his very small, very subtle nod.
###Chapter 0670
But then I register that nod and my eyes go wide.
"Really?" I ask, the word hitching in my throat as anxiety hits me again. "Are you - are you sure Jacks? You wanted to wait -"
He gives a tiny shrug, his own throat working. "I didn't want to wait forever. I just wanted to wait until it felt...right. And it feels right, doesn't it?"
I stare at him again, truly considering the question, wanting to give it the full thought it deserves. But it doesn't take me long- because again, I've always been ready - would have gladly let him throw me down and take me in the dirt that first time he kissed me. Jackson - I've been desperately wanting him for a long, long time. And if he's finally here with me?
"It's right," I whisper, smiling softly into his face, running a hand through his hair, so soft and dark now that it's wet.
He smiles, closing his eyes and leaning into my hand for a moment, and then he kisses me again, more gently this time, deliberate and soft, every move of his lips reflecting the great well of emotion that I can feel building on his side of the bond. And I wind my arms around his neck, delighted and thrilled and...well, and terrified.
But that's normal, right? When you're about to lose your virginity?
To be scared and...a little freaked out that you don't know what to do?
Jackson laughs a little, breaking away from me, and shakes his head a bit. "Don't be scared, Ariel."
"Why not!?" I sputter, laughing shakily, honestly a little glad for the levity in so intense a moment. "I can be scared! It's new! I've never done this before!"
"Well if you're scared," he murmurs, dipping his head and again pressing kisses to my neck, "we don't have to -"
"Jackson McClintock," I snarl, pulling back and pounding two little rabbit punches against his chest. "If you say you're finally going to have sex with me and then you take it back I swear to god I'm going to tear you to pieces -"
He bursts out laughing, shaking his head, his whole body shaking with joy and mirth. "I'm not taking it back," he says, grinning wide. "I just - there's no rush, Ariel, I don't want you to be frightened. If it's scary, we can wait -" "No," I snap, a little fierce growl building in me. "I - I don't want to wait - I just..." I hesitate, biting my lip.
Jackson nudges my nose with his, quite gentle. "What? Tell me."
"I don't know..." I shake my head, a little frantic. "I don't know...how to do it..."
He laughs a little, though none of it's mocking, and starts to bend, clearly intending to put me down. I squeak in protest, very happy to be up in his arms my favorite spot - but he growls, authoritative, demanding that Tobey. So I put my feet down and consent to be placed on the floor, where I reach out for him, my hands landing on either side of his waist. 
"You don't need to know what to do, Ariel," Jackson says, his voice hitting that low register I very much like.
"Yes, I do!" I protest, my breath coming fast again as I start to freak out. "I - I mean I have to participate, don't I?! I've never done this before and -"
"Ariel," he growls, his voice low with command. My eyes go wide, because Jackson has never used that particular tone with me, and I look up into his eyes.
"Listen, tiny," he murmurs, slipping
his hand lower to catch my chin
between his fingers and tilt my face up to his. "You handle throwing the Games into disarray, confronting the Captain, potentially getting us kicked out of the school, any magical wildfires that come along, and with albprobability the future of this war. But," he turns his head slightly, a smile turning the corners of his lips. "When it comes to fucking you? I'll be in charge." 
My eyes go wide as I just... gape at my mate, discovering that I like him bossy.
That I like it very, very much.
"Now," he murmurs, wrapping an arm around my waist and pulling me tight against him. "Am I your Alpha or not?"
I bite my lip, grinning a little, trusting him utterly. "Yes," I whisper.
"Good," he says, dipping his head lower. "Then trust me, mate. And do as I say."
I breathe out all in a rush, ready to
tallin
cede him complete control and
pulling myself closer. But my eyes t
suddenly go wide as I suddenly become aware of...him. Between us, pressed hard and thick against my stomach. 
Jackson pauses, frowning at me, going still when he feels my surprise and dismay.
"Jacks," I whisper, staring up at him wide-eyed.
"What?" he asks, going still a bit.
But I shake my head at him, completely freaked out. "Jacks, this isn't going to work."
"Ariel," he whispers, frowning down at me. "What are you talking about?"
###Chapter 0671
I just stare up at Jackson for a long, long moment, not knowing what to do or how to express this brand new fear and keep my dignity.
"Ariel," Jackson says again, his frown deepening as he strokes a comforting hand over my hair, his hand tracing through the long damp strands of it. "What's wrong? What are you talking about?"
Slowly, I drop my head and look down, stepping away from him slightly - just enough that I can get a good look at him, my fingertips still trailing along the skin of his waist. And when I do get a good look at Jackson's full body it does...absolutely nothing to quell my newly burgeoning fears. "Jackson," I murmur, glancing up at his face and then back down. "Jacks...it's not going to fit."
He goes perfectly still for a few long moments as I stare, but then he bursts into laughter. I whip my head up, staring into his eyes, not entirely sure why he's not taking this as seriously as I am.
Fervently, I shake my head, pleading with him to see the facts of biology for what they are. "Jackson, I am a small person -"
"Ariel!"
"It's just proportionally! It is not going to fit!"
He laughs harder now, pulling me close again, wrapping his arms around me and holding me tight.
"I'm serious, Jacks!" I shout, devastated and appalled as I once again feel the mass of him against my body, intimidatingly large. "Seriously, do you not understand physics!? There's a limited amount of space -"
"Ariel," Jackson growls, his laughter fading a little as he moves one hand to my face and palms my chin, turning my eyes up to him. He still smiles, shaking his head a little. "It's going to fit, okay?"
"It's not -"
He growls again, dropping his other hand now, sliding it down my arm until he grasps my own hand. Then he raises both together, slipping them between our bodies and not stopping until my palm lays flat against him, my fingers curling around the wide width of his cock. "Trust me, Ariel - it's going to fit."
My chest rises and falls quickly with my anxious breaths, even as my hand starts to move, experimentally feeling out the long length of him. My eyes go wide as I press my hand first down to the base of his cock and then trace all the way up to the tip, shocked not only by the length and girth of it but also by how incredibly soft the skin is, and how hard beneath. 
Fascinated, I look down at it again, moving my hand over it, slow and experimental. And even if I am still, quite justifiably, intimidated...heat turns in my core. A hard shudder passes through Jackson as I move my hand again up to the top wrapping my fingers all the way around it to see if they'll meet on the
other side. 
They don't. Not even fucking close.
Jackson takes a long, shaky breath and I look up into his face, curious, watching his expression as I move my hand slowly over him, getting used to this new aspect of my mate. "What does that feel like?"
"It feels," he growls, clearly struggling hard to control himself, "like I'm about eight seconds from throwing you over my shoulder, Ariel, and carrying you to bed."
I burst into a grin but then I bite my lip, glancing back down at where my hand moves again slowly down and then up. "How do you know it will fit?"
"Because," he snarls, "you were made for me, Ariel. Just like I was for you. Every piece of your body is a match for mine, and especially this one. There's no way it doesn't fit."
"I don't know," I murmur, looking back down at Jackson's thick cock and biting my lip, filled with doubt. I mean, I don't know what I expected - he's a gigantic person, why wouldn't every single part of him be gigantic? "It's like...really big -"
"Only one way to find out," Jackson snaps, and then I gasp and burst out laughing again as he dips low and tucks his shoulder firmly into my waist, wrapping an arm around the back of my knees as he stands up and briskly reaches out to flick off the shower. "We didn't even wash our hair!" I shriek, still laughing so hard I can barely draw breath.
"Fuck washing our hair," Jackson snarls, striding from the bathroom soaking wet and not even bothering to grab a towel. "I have other things on my mind."
I takes half a second for Jackson to
cross to the nook, where he carefully tips me from his shoulder and laughs with me as he catches me in his arms and then lays me out quite gently on the sheets, my soaking head against the pillows. But everything becomes a great deal less funny a moment later when he climbs onto the bed with me and slips a hand under my hip, turning me over onto my stomach. 
###Chapter 0672
My breath hitches with fear because...what?
"Don't get scared," Jackson murmurs, putting his hands on my hips and tugging gently backwards until I'm on my knees in front of him. "You trust me, right?"
I nod instantly, because I do - but I have to admit, I am scared. He bends forward, slipping a hand around to my stomach and sliding it up to my chest, using his leverage there to pull me up straight so that my back is flat to his chest with him kneeling behind me with my knees spread apart. And as he dips his head, moving my hair aside and pressing a warm kiss to my neck, I realize that it's not that I'm scared of him... Just of...well, is it going to hurt? What if I'm bad at it -
"Stop that," Jackson scolds, feeling all of my hesitations and cutting them off before they spiral out of control. "It's not going to hurt and there's no way you can be bad at it. You're my mate, Ariel. I'll show you."
My breath comes faster as he drifts kisses down my neck, heading for my shoulder. His right hand cups my breast, his thumb drifting soft over my nipple, making a rushing little gasp fall from my lips. His other hand drifts lower, pressing hot against the skin of my stomach, pressing me back against him.
"This was made for you," he murmurs, slipping that hand between us and shifting that thick cock lower, so that it's not pressed tight against my ass anymore but is, instead, pressed between my legs, brushing up against the hot core of me. "See? Your body wants it, even if you're afraid."
I moan, unable to deny it, because he's right. Jackson slides himself against me, letting me feel all of the thick, hard length of him - feeling how slick and ready I am in turn. I pitch forward a little, wanting more, pressing myself back against him. But Jackson catches me, pulling my back again against him, shaking his head.
"Not yet," he growls, still slowly pressing himself between my legs, drawing slowly back so that I groan, feeling all of that cock slipping hard against my sex.
I give a little mew of disappointment,
wanting more already, but Jackson
just laughs and turns my head towards him and kisses me. I reach backwards, giving myself completely over to the kiss as Jackson
эле
continues his work, slowly moving himself against me, giving me time to acclimate to the size and feel of him - to realize that it's not
frightening at all. 
That it is, instead, a little bit maddening.
Jackson grinds harder against me, repositioning again and shifting his hips lower so that the head of him presses hard against my entrance groan, my mouth breaking from his at the intensity of the sensation, as my body again pitches forward against his arms, as my hips press instinctually back - wanting more, wanting him pressed inside. 
Jackson moans too but keeps a tight leash on himself and a grip on me as my body tries to pitch forward. Still, he pushes forward, just a little bit, so that that thick, hard cock slips - just an inch - inside of me. My eyes press shut and my mouth falls open in a moan as I immediately lose all control, all sense of myself - seeing stars behind the darkness of my closed eyes, my hips pressing further back,
wanting more - more -
But my mate snarls, pulling away. I gasp in dismay, my eyes flying open, turning towards him to ask why he stopped -
Jackson's already in motion though, turning me further towards him, catching my leg up behind the knee and wrapping it tight around his hip even as he tilts me carefully backwards so that my back presses down into the mattress and he's laid himself out on top of me, his weight supported by the forearm he places next to my head.
"Not like that," Jackson murmurs, pressing a soft kiss to my mouth as I wrap my arms around his neck. "Not your first time. Later..." he lets the word fade, lets me fill in the idea for myself. But I have no time for that, not as I wrap my leg tight around his hip, lifting myself closer to him, hungry.
###Chapter 0673
Jackson snarls his possession and his want as he repositions himself, pressing the tip of his cock again at my entrance, his chest heaving with desire and restraint. "Please," I beg, shaking my head, sliding my hand down to his lower back and pressing urgently there. "Please, Jackson, I want it -"
He groans hard as any remains of his restraint breaks, as he allows his hips to shift forward, pressing into me truly for the first time. My head snaps back on my neck and the moan that breaks from me is loud, feral, as I feel him beginning to fill me. He moves slowly, holding back for my sake, not wanting to hurt -
But I groan, and shake my head, and lift my hips hard against him as I tighten the leg over his hip, forcing him forward - wanting more - wanting all of him -
Jackson gasps and then emits a hard, guttural groan as he slides all the way into me at last, filling me to the hilt, losing himself completely to the sensation. I cry out, panting, gasping and shaking at the way he fills me, how incredibly good it feels when I stretch to accommodate every thick inch of him, the insane pleasure that starts to build in my core and spread throughout my whole being.
Our bodies take over, my hips rising to meet Jackson at every stroke as he holds himself above me, drawing his hips back and starting to pulse and then - at my urging - to pound himself into me again and again. I'm gaspingly lost to it as Jackson takes a tight hold of my ass, pulling me close and angling me so that he thrusts even deeper, an act that has my head hanging back and my mouth muttering gibberish about more, and harder, and faster.
My mate obeys, snarling and giving me all of himself, so hard and steady and rough and tender that I forget who I am - forget that the rest of the world exists. Jackson's hips slap hard into my ass as his cock presses again and again into a point within me that I didn't even know was there, that has the growing, curling sensation within me quickly reaching it's tipping point - ready to spill over.
"Go," Jackson growls, and I lift my head just slightly, opening my eyes to meet his above me. "Break for me, Ariel."
I moan as I obey my Alpha, as he slams himself into me and makes me shatter into a million pieces. Again and again the pleasure crashes through me, sweeping me away with it as I am suffused with light, as my toes curl, as my whole body goes tense and I gasp for breath, my head ripped hard to the side, baring my throat.
I feel it, then, his lips on my neck in that spot that he loves. And then the gentle press of his extended canines against it. I moan, long and heavy, pressing my neck towards him, my wolf howling for it - begging for his mark. "Please," I whisper, begging. Jackson's teeth press sharp against my skin for a long moment, but then he pulls away. A warm lick of his tongue replaces his teeth as his pace increases still - and I turn my head back to him, confused - wanting it - wanting his mark -
But he presses hard into me again
one last time so deep and low that I feel myself break again as he reaches that point too. I feel him still as he roars, as he spills himself into me, thick and hot. My hips pulse up against Jackson as he comes to his end, urging my mate forward, wanting him as deep as he can go at this moment. 
I cling to Jacks, my arms around his neck, my face buried against his shoulder, shuddering and shaking as I hold him through his own sensations, a rich feeling of rightness traveling throughout my entire body, suffusing it so that I'm sure I must be quite literally glowing.
Jackson collapses against me for a
moment, but then quickly slips to
the side, well aware of the fact that - as I pointed out earlier - I am a very small person and he could probably crush me with half
vel
a
thought. He takes me with him, though, tugging me tight against his chest, wrapping me up in his warmth. 
I rest my head against Jackson's sweaty chest my eyes closed, allowing myself to catch my breath, every inch of me aware of every inch of him. And I swear as I lay there that I Ose all concept of the world around us that nothing -
except my mate, and exists at all
me, and this
sense of completion that feel.
I have no idea how much time passes. Neither of us say a word, just holding each other and breathing, I think trying to put our minds back together.
When I do finally find words again, the only thing I can think is...
God, fuck, that I'm...I'm going to need to do that again. And again and again and again.
Jackson starts to laugh a little, his head tucked down against my neck as he breathes deeply, catching his breath.
###Chapter 0674
"What?" I murmur, lifting my head a little, curling my body even closer to his, wanting as much of me touching as much of him as possible. "What's so funny?"
"I just...can hear every single one of your thoughts," he murmurs, shaking his head and grinning at me.
I burst out laughing, giving him a lazy smack on the side even as I press a few fervid kisses to his cheek. "Well then I guess we're lucky I liked it," I murmur, tracing a hand long down his side, loving the shape of his muscles beneath my fingers. He snarls, still possessive and wanting me near. "Told you I was made for you." He pauses then, stroking a hand over my hair. "I'm glad you liked it. That's...important to me."
"Well, what about you?" I ask, lifting my head a little and peering down at him, still caught up in and enjoying very much the afterglow. "Did you like it?"
"Ariel," he murmurs, looking up at me with half-lidded eyes, shaking his head and opening the bond more so I can feel precisely how incredibly happy he is right now, how simultaneously overwhelmed and peaceful. "If you think, for a single minute, that I'm not quietly plotting how to get you to quit this school and run away with me to live in a cabin in the woods for the rest of our lives, doing precisely that every waking moment...then you're not nearly as clever as I've given you credit for."
I laugh, smacking him a little and laying down again, snuggling up close. "We can't do that," I murmur. "We have stupid responsibilities."
"Listen, I'm at your beck and call, Princess," he murmurs, pressing a sweet kiss to my cheek. "The minute you say you're ready to abandon those responsibilities and I'll bail with you. Especially if we're headed to that cabin."
"You're my Alpha," I sigh, playing with his hair with my fingertips, my eyes drifting shut. "You call the shots now, apparently."
"Yeah, I think we both know that that only applies in bed," he says, his voice dry, making me laugh.
"Oh, you like being here at the Academy too," I say with a happy sigh, winding my arm around his waist. "Sex cabin or no sex cabin, we both want to be here."
He makes a huffy, noncommittal noise, but we both know it's true. I smile softly.
We lay precisely like that for a few minutes longer, just holding each other, quietly passing our emotions back and forth along the bond, snuggling close. Jackson is playful and sweet in these moments, an abrupt change to the bossing controlling Alpha I took to bed, but not one I mind at all. They're both different sides to my big, brutal, scary mate - sides just for me, which make them even better.
Little tingles of happiness trace through me as Jackson presses kisses to my forehead, my cheeks, my mouth - but when he trails the tip of his nose down my neck and presses a kiss again to that spot, I go a little still.
"What?" Jacks asks, pulling away a bit, of course noticing the change.
"Jacks," I say, pulling away a bit and frowning at him. "Why...why didn't you give me your mark?"
Jackson exhates, long and slow, but he doesn't break eye contact with me. We sit for a moment in silence and I do my very best to be patient. Inside, though, my wolf dodges from toe to toe, anxious and unhappy to have been denied. 
"I really wanted to, Ariel," he whispers, reaching out and cupping my cheek in his palm.
"I really wanted you to," I whisper back.
But still, he shakes his head. "Time wasn't right."
Dread floods me and I immediately shut down the bond, not wanting him to feel it as I remember what my grandmother said that if I don't get that mark that she'll take him away. And after this? Losing him?
Impossible - horrible - everything in me rages against it. Tears flood my eyes and I grit my teeth.
"Oh, god, please don't cry," Jackson murmurs, wrapping me up close. "I'm so sorry -"
"No, it's okay," I say, a little shaky, looping my arms around his neck. "I just..." I sniff. "I really wanted it, Jacks."
He nods, understanding, and rests his forehead against mine. "I think...Ariel, want you to have my mark more than anything. But if you have it, it will...change things for me. You will be mine, in my heart, and if I see another man touch you even look at you..." 
He hesitates now, not wanting to say Luca's name in this moment, not wanting him in the bed with us after the incredible things that passed between us this afternoon - even in name, in spirit. But I nod,
лош
understanding. 
"I mean...have things changed?" Jackson asks, I think doing his best to keep the hope out of his voice. "Did you...are you choosing to leave him behind, Ariel?" he asks, looking up at me from beneath his lashes.
###Chapter 0675
Slowly, I shake my head. Because even if my grandmother hadn't forbidden it, I still know that it's true. That I still want Luca - he's still my mate.
Jackson nods, closing his eyes just for a moment, processing it. And I feel the hurt swelling down the bond, but also feel him shutting it down, not wanting to let me feel that. Not wanting me to feel guilt.
I sigh, wiggling a little so that I rest lower against Jackson's body, resting my head on his chest, tucked beneath his chin. He tightens his arms.
"Even if...even if I gave you my mark, though, Ariel...it wouldn't have been right. Your scent would have changed, and everyone would have known, and people would have figured out that you're a girl. It would have been a big deal - and you have so much on your plate already."
I sigh, nodding, knowing that he's right.
Still, my wolf bares her teeth, disappointed. Our mark, she growls, inwardly, just to me. We need it. Want it. Ours.
I murmur softly to her, stroking a hand over her fur, even though I feel precisely the same. I mean, I know Jackson's right, but a very fervid part of me wants to just tell everyone else to go fuck themselves. He's my mate - I want his mark, my mark. Why on earth are we tiptoeing around everyone else to get it?
"Hey," Jackson says softly, worried, drawing my attention back up to him.
I lift my scowling face to meet his and his eyes crinkle into a soft smile.
"I love you," he says, cupping my cheek in his palm. "I am so in love with you, Ariel. You don't need to worry - I promise, I'll give it to you. But...maybe this is enough for today?"
"You'd better give it to me," I snarl, snapping my teeth at him and giving him a playful shove, making him laugh. "I just...love you a lot, Jacks. I know everything you said is right. I just..." I sigh. "I really want it."
"Bossy little wolf," Jackson murmurs, suddenly snatching me up and rolling me so that I sprawl over his chest. I laugh, cheered a bit, sitting up a little so that I can grin down at him. "Very greedy too, wanting to lose your virginity and get a mark in one day? Honestly, Ariel, save something for the future -"
"Jackson!" I shout, laughing, giving his shoulder a hard shove as I sit up fully and straddle his hips, smacking him on the chest. "You are being so withholding! Making me beg for sex, beg for a mark! The Goddess is going to smite you for turning me into a sniveling little sex supplicant -"
He roars with taughter, grabbing for
me, pulling me close, but I resist - continuing to smack him and call him names. A scuffle ensues,
me
in the sheets until I'm pinned back against the mattress. 
Jackson of course wi
Which, honestly, I don't mind. Not at all.
Still, I pout, petulant, and wiggle my body beneath him, making him clench his jaw in order to focus and maintain his glare.
"Fine," I snap, snarling playfully back and holding one finger up to his mouth. "Just give me a mini mark."
"What?" he asks, his face breaking as he grins down at me. "What the hell is a mini mark?"
"Just like a teeny tiny little mark!" I burst out, grinning playfully up at him, "here, on my finger, where no one will notice it!" "Ariel!"
"Jackkkks," I moan, letting my head tilt back in despair. "You never give me any marks and I ask so nicely! How can you deny me a little tiny miniature mark that no one will ever see or notice but which I can have because I love you so much and -" 

"Fine, fine," he grumbles, giving in. I grin up at him, placated when I see him part his lips, his canines already extended. The sight of him so dangerous and feral makes heat again Start to spread in my core. Then he leans gently forward, first
kissing my proffered finger
softly and then nipping it, just barely, with one razor-sharp point.
I jump a little at the sudden pain but then burst into a grin as I observe the tiny little line of blood, the barely-visible edge of the cut.
"Happy now?" he asks, raising an eyebrow at me.
"Yup," I say, turning back to him with a big grin. "I like it when you let me win. And I love my mini mark."
Jackson laughs again, dipping his lead low to lick at the little drop of blood, and then rolls again to his side so that our bellies are pressed together. I sigh happily and drop my hand, feeling my wolf healing already at work on the cut.
###Chapter 0676
Jackson growls comfortably, cuddling me close and nudging my chin aside so he has access again to my neck. "When I give you my mark for real," he murmurs, "I'm putting it right here." He presses a kiss, then, to that special spot low on my neck. And I shiver with delight and anticipation, again wanting it now - right now. I bite my lip, looking at Jackson with hazy eyes, slinging my leg up over my hip. "How long does it take?" I whisper.
"For what?" he murmurs, already moving closer.
"For you to be like...ready again." I laugh a little, not knowing how to say it.
"Oh," he sighs, pretending to consider it as he brings his mouth close. "Just about...this long." And then my mate kisses me and turns me over again in the sheets. As always with Jacks, I'm immediately lost to him.
A few hours later, Jacks and I are all cleaned up and much more composed. We took an actual shower, complete with washed hair this time, and changed the sheets, made the bed, and put on our clothes. Indeed, if it weren't for the fact that we can't stop touching each other, and that Jackson won't let me step further than an arm's length away from him, I honestly think we're doing a pretty good job of pretending that nothing happened.
But when Daphne's steps into the room first, and her eyes immediately catch on mine and flare, I know that she knows.
"Oh no," I say, dropping the pen I'm holding as I sit in Jackson's lap and work on some chemistry homework. "Is it that obvious?"
Daphne bursts into a grin. "Only to me, I think!" she says, squealing and dashing across the room to me, her hands out. I climb out of Jackson's lap and take her hands, looking anxiously around.
"But we made the bed - and we showered and everything -"
"No, it's just you!" Daphne says, happy, wrapping me up in her arms. "You looked so happy, all curled up in his lap, I can tell that you're closer - I just knew -"
"I'm going to...go pretend that I heard the dumbwaiter bell," Jackson murmurs awkwardly, standing and wandering over towards the little door.
"No mark, though?" Daphne asks, leaning forward and pulling at my collar.
"No," I scowl, tilting my head so she can see my bare neck. "We decided - well he decided that the timing wasn't right."
"Oh well," she says, shrugging and dismissing the point. "There's time. Was it good?"
"I'm still here!" Jackson calls, even as he opens the dumbwaiter door and needlessly peers inside.
I nod eagerly and wrinkle my nose at my friend, tugging her over to the couch. "Do you think the others will know?"
"No, boys are oblivious," she says,
coming with me. But then she hesitates, glancing at the door. "They should be back soon, though - we got word that the Games were complete. And..." she hesitates grimacing a little. "That... the guys in charge are pissed. Does your being back early enough to have one hell of an afternoon have something to do with that?" 
"Kinda," I say, scrunching my nose and shrugging.
"She doesn't mean 'kinda," Jackson says, wandering back over now that he senses the conversation is safe and sitting next to me on the couch, wrapping an arm around me and е gently pulling me back to rest against him. "She means absolutely, she started a shit storm, defied everyone's direct orders, and might
get us kicked out of school." 
Daphne gasps, but then her face breaks into a big smile. "Fun!"
Jackson and I laugh as he shakes his head at her. "You certainly found the right friends, Daph, if this is your definition of fun."
Daphne grins at him but we all turn
towards the door as it opens, all of our gigantic Alpha friends starting to spill through it. I smile a little, not missing the fact that Jesse is the first one through the door and
Daphne is immediately acet
the
room and in his arms. He laughs, hugging her close and cheerfully asking how she is as Tony, Luca, Ben, and Rafe spill into the room after him. 
"What happened!?" I gasp, desperate to know, sitting up a little and peering around at everyone.
"All hail the returning champion!" Ben says, laughing and turning to gesture at Rafe, giving an elaborate bow as he does. "The singular winner of both Games 1 and 2!"
I shout with joy and congratulations, but even my voice fades as I see that Rafe does not look very happy for a returning champion.
That his face actually falls slack as he looks around the room and sees his cousin talking excitedly to Daphne, an arm around her waist, gazing happily down into her pretty blue eyes.
###Chapter 0677
Daphne's back but certainly not staring at her anymore like she's the only person in the room - perhaps on earth.
Jesse feels the change in the room almost immediately and turns towards the rest of the group. "Yeah, Rafe beat me in the end," he says with a wide smile, breaking into the silence and carrying on as if nothing happened. He doesn't dropping his hand from its place on "He had my help," Luca says with a proud smirk, shutting the door behind him and striding happily to the center of the room.
"I mean, if I had simply had command from the start -" Jesse says, sending Jackson a wicked grin.
I look anxiously between my brother and my cousin, seeing the question on Rafe's face as he starts to put together the start of what I've known for a long time.
"Oh, you're lucky I gave it to you at all," Jacks calls, grinning at Jesse as the cheerful vibe returns to the room. I grin a little as I turn my face to Jackson, because it's clear to me that he's completely oblivious to the Daphne drama. Rafe roughly shakes his head like he's trying to clear it, as Daphne moves away from Jesse and takes her spot on the couch next to me. He blinks hard like he's not sure if he believes what he just saw.
"And what other choice did you have?" Jesse asks, putting his hands on his hips as everyone else settles into the room. Luca comes to me immediately and I reach out for his hand, squeezing it as he drops a kiss to my cheek and then settles on the floor at my feet. A very tiny growl grumbles in Jackson's chest but I put a hand on his knee and he settles, taking a deep breath and shoving down his newly intensified instincts regarding his mate.
"The other choice would have been me!" Tony says with a happy grin, leaning back on his palms as he sits next to Ben across from me, the coffee table between us. "Though honestly, I was perfectly happy messing around with the drone and the sniper rifle Ari left me." He turns to me with a wink. "Thanks for that, babe."
Luca growls this time and I can't help but laugh.
"Any time, Tones." I say, wrinkling my nose at him.
The dumbwaiter bell rings and Jesse moves off to fetch our dinner as the rest of the group happily chats. My stomach growls audibly as I turn towards the dumbwaiter - we didn't have lunch, after all, and it's been a long and busy day since breakfast. The mood is very cheerful in the room as we all eat the cheeseburgers and fries that the kitchen sent up, everyone filling me in on the results of the games.
Apparently, once Jesse quite ably took control of Jackson's abandoned team, Ben brokered a deal between my brother and my cousin so that Jesse and Rafe took Wright's entire team out together. Then, they went head-to-head in a bloody - or at least paint-y - battle that lasted most of the day. Halfway through the story the results arrive, slipped under our door, and we spend a great deal of time pouring over them and fussing over our victors.
To my distinct pleasure, Tony took
top kills again and this time he wasn't disqualified. Luca and Jesse likewise distinguished themselves, though Rafe took the crowning champion spot now that he has two Games wins under his belt. 
Jackson, Blythe and I are listed at the bottom of the page with little to distinguish us, except two stars next to my name that indicate I killed two team leaders, alongside DQFF. grin to see the stars, knowing that it probably killed the Captain t@give
酒
them to me since I earned them in direct rejection of his order that I play the game as assigned. 
"Honestly it was a little unfair," Rafe says, turning his eyes towards me, smiling happily now that he's put the Daphne Business out of his mind "It
was supposed to be four to mind
When Jesse and I ganged up on Wright, it was a pretty easy business." 
"Yeah well," I say with a happy sigh, stretching my arms above my head. "Sometimes a girl just needs a day off."
"Seriously, Ari," Ben says, raising an eyebrow at me. "What the hell were you thinking?"
"I was jealous of Tony," I say with a smirk, making my grey-eyed friend burst into a grin. "He can't be the only flashy wild card in the Games. I like to keep people on their toes too." "Yeah, but you're just a copy cat," my friend says, grinning at me. "I'll always be the progenitor of the plan to toss a grenade into my own team and then go home to chill."
"I live in constant awe of your devious mind, Tony," I say, laughing and giving him a little bow. "I take no credit for originality."
He grins at me and nods and I laugh, loving that we have this connection.
"Seriously, though," Luca says, frowning up at me. "What the hell happened? Jesse told us you just showed up, shot Jacks, and left."
I don't miss the subtle jealousy in his voice.
"Yeah well," I say with a happy sigh. "I needed to send a message."
###Chapter 0678
"Which was?" Rafe asks, raising an eyebrow at me, not so delighted with my performance as everyone else. "Seriously, Ariel, the Captain's not going to be happy. You're going to be in deep shit about this - way deeper than he was." My brother points at Tony here.
"Did you get in trouble?" I ask, blinking at Tony in surprise.
"Demerits," he says with a shrug, like it can't possibly matter to him. "Restriction to my room until further notice. That sort of shit."
I frown. "But I...just saw you in Newtown..."
"What the Captain does not know," Tony says, "does not hurt him." He presses a sincere hand to his heart - one that is immediately betrayed by his wicked grin.
I laugh, opening my mouth to ask more, but Rafe interrupts.
"I'm serious, Ariel," he says, his face looking a great deal like dad's as I turn my head to him in surprise. "What's your plan here, trouble? It's one thing to throw a grenade into the Games just to throw everyone off - but have you thought about the fallout to this?" "Of course I have, Rafe," I say, frowning at him, not liking how much he's underestimating me here. "Don't talk to me like I'm stupid and did this just because I'm mad."
"But then why-"
Almost precisely as if I timed it this way, a hard knock comes at the door. Rafe goes quiet as we all turn towards it.
"That will be for me," I say with a sigh, standing up and smoothing my hands down over my uniform before starting off for it.
"Ari," Rafe says, standing up and starting along with me.
But I turn back to him as I reach the door, putting a hand out towards my brother. He goes still. "My grenade, Rafe," I say quietly. "My fallout. I'll handle this."
I turn back to the door and pull it open. As I turn my face up to the Captain's glowering one, I unconsciously press my thumb against the mini mark that Jackson gave me this afternoon, wanting this tiny support even if I'm pretending to be all brave and stoic and alone on this. A warm pulse of support comes down my bond with Jackson and I wrap it around my heart, letting it bolster me.
"Cadet Clark," the Captain says, glaring down hard at me. "Would you like to join me in my office?"
"No thank you, sir," I say quietly, quite calm, folding my hands behind my back and looking up at him as evenly as I can.
He goes immediately beet red with rage.
"Please, sir," I say, stepping back and nodding towards the rest of the room. "This involves more than just me. There are several here who are necessary to this conversation."
"This conversation is regarding your insubordination and your possible expulsion."
"Yes, sir," I say quietly, still holding my ground. "Amongst other things."
His mouth falls open a little bit as he sees me refuse to collapse to his will. "You will come downstairs, Cadet, or you will be expelled from this Academy."
"With all due respect, sir," I say quietly. "I am not leaving this room before we have this conversation in the presence of all of these people."
"Really," the Captain says, sneering
down at me and glancing over at the group assembled in the room. "You risk expulsion because all of these people need to be present for this conversation? Including the
Academy's youngest tailor?
I grimace a little, realizing I may have made a mistake there - and as I glance at Daphne and see the way she shrinks a little against the couch I realize that she's probably not supposed to be here. But. What's done is done.
"Yes," I say, boldly raising my chin. "I stand by my statement. All of them."
"Well, Cadet," the Captain growls. "If you refuse to come downstairs, then I am forced to inform you here and now that will be journeying down there myself to process your expulsion paperwork. For
insubordination and blatant defiance
of orders." 
"You'll regret that," I say quietly, still meeting his eyes. "In expelling me you'll cost this military the strongest weapon it has. Something that could actually turn this war around."
The Captain blinks at me, shocked
and confused. But then his anger retakes possession of his will. "Your actions have been deliberately insubordinate, Cadet," he growls. "You were ordered to play in the Games as drafted and you madeca mockery of the exercise,
intentionally disrupting other Cadets' educational training. While you were a fine military candidate, your arrogance and willful determination to have your way at the expense of your fellow Cadets mark you as a danger to the future of the nation's military." He leans closer now, anger boiling in him as he says his final words through his teeth. "Not it's savior. And for that, you will be expelled." 
I nod, hearing every word he says. When the Captain straightens I loose a long breath, keeping a tight hold of my wolf's fur between my mental fingers, not letting my temper slip for a moment.
"All right, sir." I say, nodding once. "Are you finished?"
He pauses for a moment, studying my face. "I am."
"Good." I take a deep breath and straighten my shoulders. "Then let me begin."
###Chapter 0679
Silence rings out in the room behind me but I keep my eyes firmly on the Captains.
He straightens up, again looking at me with surprise.
If I'm honest, I think he expected a meltdown - expected me to protest, and to yell, and to demand reconsideration. In short, I think - quite frankly - that he expected me to act like a spoiled little girl.
But that's not what I am. At least, not anymore.
"I've been spending quite a lot of time considering my identity over the past couple of months." My voice is quiet, though not a single person here has any trouble hearing me, as I'm pretty sure that most of them are holding their breath. "And honestly, sir, I'm not entirely sure who I am anymore. I'm certainly not Princess Ariel, who was willing to completely negate her happiness and sell herself into a loveless marriage for the sake of a treaty."
The Captain blinks at me, taken aback. I don't give him a chance to protest and instead move forward with what I have to say.
"I became Ari Clark in September," I say, quite calm. "But I'm not him either - not really. He was frightened, and just wanted to be with his friends, and had no real purpose. No, I'm someone else now."
I glance back here at everyone else in the room, wondering if they're aware of the full transformation that I've gone through in the past few months. And with the way that some of their mouths turn up at the corners - Jesse, Rafe, and Jacks in particular - I know that they get it.
"But even if I am confused about my personal identity," I say, turning my attention back to the silent Captain, "there are some things I do know for sure. And one of that is the law of Moon Valley, which my father changed the day he ripped out the previous King's throat. With his teeth."
I let my own teeth show a bit, even as I stand proud and calm before this man.
"Are you aware, sir?" I continue. "Of who takes the throne in the case of the horrible occurrence of Rafe's death?" I nod over my shoulder towards my brother, though I don't look at him. "Because should Rafe be tragically taken from us, it's not my Uncle Roger who would take the throne. And it's not Roger's heir, Jesse Sinclair. It's not my grandfather Henry, it's not my mother, and it's not even my little
brother Mark." 
I take one step towards the Captain, whose eyes widen.
"No, sir," I say, dropping my voice lower. "The third in line to the throne of this nation is me. A fact which I sometimes forget, and which I think you have too."
I let silence reign for a moment as I
stand before the Captain, looking evenly at him even if I have to tilt my head back to do it. "Now, I'm not sure how it is that you and your colleagues decide which Cadets at this school are suitable for
Command positions. I do pove
begrudge your decision to mark Jackson and Rafe as worthy of command they were excellent choices who have proven their worth." 
I frown, tilting my head to the side, considering my superior officer.
ovel
"But this Academy has long made the mistake of assuming that only Cadets with remarkable physical prowess those on Warrior track, mean - are suitable for Command. Never ever has a Cadet been marked for Command from Espionage, Ambassador, of Assassin track. In fact," lgfance now at the little handbook still sitting on my desk in the nook, "we're ineligible for it." 
"Your point, Sinclair?" the Captain growls, starting to grow impatient and perhaps seeing the fault in his plans here.
"My point, sir," I say, a little thrill going through me to hear him address me - finally - in the same way that he addresses Rafe. "Is that from the very start you have marked me as ineligible for Command. Which is a mistake, considering that if I am not the hardest working Cadet at this school, I am also potentially the smartest, the best shot -"
He opens his mouth now to interrupt and I simply raise my voice, speaking over him.
"Not to mention a politically poised demigoddess of remarkable power who recently discovered that she has the probable capacity to burn a city to the ground simply by raising her hand."
###Chapter 0680
I unclasp my hands from behind my back as I speak and calmly raising one at my side, palm up. Whatever words the Captain was going to say get stuck in his throat as he just stares at me, stunned by my claims. But they're not claims. My wolf howls in my chest, proud and angry, knowing that they're true. That I'm all of that and more.
"Now I've seen you listen to Jackson when he interrupts your plans," I say quietly, not looking to my mate but feeling his wolf close to mine, just at the other edge of the bond, ready to race across it should I need him. "When he told you that he wanted to train me differently, to teach me how to sharpshoot on the run, you listened to him. In fact, you immediately approved the addition to my training. Because he's short-listed for Command."
The Captain closes his mouth, standing straighter.
"And I don't know whether it is simply because I am ineligible for command," I continue, my voice quieting now, "or if it is simply because I am a girl, and I am small, and I am pretty, and have a tendency towards a sweet disposition. But despite the reason, I find that it is true that you will hear out Rafe and Jackson. You took two meetings with them regarding the draft, heard their case for why I should be reassigned." I pause, turning my head to the side and considering him. "But when I asked you for the same courtesy last night - for you to simply hear me out and watch a simple demonstration that proves incontrovertibly why I should not be trained separately from my team - you refused."
The Captain inhales a deep breath, clenching his jaw, realizing that I'm right.
"And now that I've done enough to finally get your attention, sir," I say, "that's again all that I ask - for you to simply hear me out as you do Jackson and Rafe. And once I have finished explaining you why I should not be trained separately from Jackson, Jesse, Luca, and Tony, I will follow every single one of your orders without hesitation or complaint."
Finished, I stand straight before the Captain, evenly meeting his eyes.
He takes a long moment, standing very still, before he inhales a deep breath and crosses his arms across his chest. "I am not so arrogant as you would believe me, Cadet," he growls. "I can admit when I've made a mistake."
I nod to him, knowing better than to preen at his tacit admittance that I'm right - that he did dismiss me, a little, because I'm an Espionage cadet and a girl. That had it been Rafe demanding a demonstration last night, he would have listened.
The Captain sighs deeply then, glancing down the hall then, towards the stairs.
"All right, then," he says. "If you've got some sort of earth-shattering power that will change my mind. about all of this and keep you in this school, then I guess I'd better see it."
en FindNovel
I squeal then with triumph and excitement, jumping once and clasping my hands together in front of my chest.
The Captain turns immediately to me and raises an eyebrow. I clear my throat, dropping my hands and giving him a serious nod.
But he smirks, and I can't help the
smile that breaks out on my facezas
I turn to everyone in the room and
wave them forward. "Come on!" I
call, eager. "Let's show him what we
can do!" 
en FindNovel
"Oh, god, the whole party's coming?" The Captain sighs as all of my friends get to their feet and move towards the door. "Even the seamstress?"
"Yes," I say, nodding to him as I step into the hall at his side. "I need her opinion on fire-retardant battle gear."
The Captain does a double-take
when he realizes that I'm serious,
but then he groans and turns, heading down the stairs. "Come on!" he calls, waving us after him. "Team
swn y
Sinclair, outside with me. Now." 
I bite my lip with excitement, glancing over my shoulder at all of my friends as we together troop down the stairs.
###Chapter 0681
Jackson walks at my side as we all together troop out of the castle. He doesn't need to say anything at all for me to know that he's dead proud of me, and thinks I'm amazing, and eloquent, and finally stepping into my power. No, I can tell all of that simply by the way he stands steady at my side, by how his wolf prowls around mine in a predatory circle, snarling with a happy possessiveness that fills me with a great deal of joy. Rafe walks at my other side, his shoulders back and his chin high. He looks down at me as Jesse moves ahead with the Captain, leading us to where we went yesterday with mom and Cora.
"Proud of you, trouble," Rafe murmurs, just loud enough for me to hear, brushing the back of my hand with his. "You look like mom, but you talk like dad. Scary stuff."
I beam up at my brother, laughing a little, taking his words for the high compliment that they are.
"Does that mean you look like dad and talk like mom?" I ask, raising an eyebrow at him.
He bursts out laughing and knocks his shoulder into me, sending me bouncing into Jackson, who holds me steady. But I just grin and look at my brother, who shakes his head at me. "Yeah, if I start telling everyone how adorable they are and start calling them 'Meatball,' then you can start to worry."
I grin and glance over my shoulder at where Daphne and Tony follow, whispering eagerly with Ben. Luca walks alongside them, stoic and quiet. I send a questioning pulse down our bond and he immediately sends back a warm beat of support. I nod to him and turn my attention forward, knowing I'm liable to trip in the falling dark, but still - even as I do, I can tell that Luca's walls are up again.
That whatever is happening with me, I can tell that Luca's uncomfortable with it, even if he doesn't want to be.
When we get to the secluded area, the sun very nearly down at this point, Jesse hesitates, gesturing towards the mostly-burned pile of wood from the bonfire yesterday. "Ari, what do you want to do here?" he asks. "Should we go into the woods and get more, or -" "Oh, no, that will do!" I say, quite cheerful, moving to my cousin's side. "That's plenty."
"How?" the Captain asks, frowning at me. "You said fire capable of burning down cities - and that's all you need?"
"I just need something to burn to start the fire," I say casually, gesturing towards Jacks with my thumb, "everything else comes from him."
Jackson gives the Captain a happy little nod before taking my hand.
The Captain sighs, looking down at our joined hands but clearly willing himself to get used to it. "All right, whatever. Go ahead, Cadet - you've got my attention, show me what you've got." "Okay!" I say, reaching out my other hand to take Jesse's.
He looks at me in surprise. "You don't want -"
"Nope, want you right here," I say, giving his hand a squeeze and looking over my shoulder. "Luca, could you stand behind?" I ask. He nods and comes forward in silence, raising a hand and placing it on the back of my neck like Jesse did yesterday. As he does I feel him let the wall down - just a little bit, just
enough. 
I give my mate a grin before peering for Tony. "Will you stand close?" I ask, my eyebrows going up. "In case I need you?"
He nods and takes a step closer to me. "Cooler's right here, babe."
The Captain raises his eyebrows at
Tony's perhaps too-casual
nickname, and Tony laughs for a second think having forgotten that we're not in magic class with the Queen and the Duchess and the same jokes don't carry. Rafe Daphne, and Ben all stand together a few steps away, Daphne and Ben looking desperately interested, Rafe
just looking proud. 
Settled and confident, I take a deep breath. "Everyone ready?" I ask, eager to show the captain but also excited to work with the magic again. My wolf yips happily in my soul, pouncing around, ready for the show. "Fire first," I murmur, letting everyone in on the plans. "Then wind and shadows."
Then without another word I begin to draw on my magic and my bonds with my mates, starting to burn. It all happens very quickly this time, the fire leaping to life and then
beginning to swirl in the air. Jesse holds off for a minute, letting the conflagration grow higher and higher as I pull on both Jackson's magic to give it power and my connection to Luca to let it fly. 
###Chapter 0682
At night, the whole thing is a great deal more powerful and stunning, a red and burning whirlwind that reaches for the sky. I play with it more this time, making it hotter so that we can all feel the heat radiating off of it, experimenting with the brightness and the colors, pushing it this way and that to see how much I can move it around. I'm quite pleased when I see that I can use Luca's wind to blow it like an actual tornado, whipping it around the open space before us, though of course I'm careful to keep it from getting too close. "Hooolly fuck," the Captain whispers. I glance over at him, desperately pleased to be able to make such a stunning point. He looks over at me as well. "Can you...can you talk to me while you do that?"
"Sure," I say with a shrug. "It doesn't need my full concentration."
"What more can you do with it?" He asks, eager. "Can it go...wide, as well as tall?"
I tilt my head to the side, experimenting, and am desperately pleased when the fire goes wide and low, creating a wide ring on the ground instead of a tall funnel.
"God damn it," the Captain says, his face bursting into a grin. Then he looks over at me. "How...how big can it get?"
I glance over at Jackson who looks down at me, quite casual. "I've got... acres of power left in me, Ari. I'm not kidding when I say this is a croissant."
When I look back at the Captain his face is twisted in confusion. "A croissant?"
I laugh. "He just means it can get big. Really big."
I squeeze my mate's hand, loving him a great deal.
"You ready for the good part?" I ask the Captain.
His eyebrows shoot up to his hairline. "This isn't the good part?"
"Jesse?" I say, turning to him with a smile. "If you would?"
"Oh, it would be my pleasure," he murmurs. And then he sends his power coursing through me.
All of our eyes snap to the fire when it instantly turns black, and we gasp. Because at night it becomes perfectly clear -
Even though we see the movement ahead of us, and feel the heat of my flames on our faces?
With Jesse's shadows, it's basically invisible.
"Yup," the Captain says, his eyes shining with excitement even as his voice is low with awe. "You were right, Sinclair. This changes everything."
The Captain hurries off after we
safely lower the flames to the ground, murmuring something about needing to make some calls. But he nods to me and doesn't mention anything further about expulsion so...I think in this case, we call it a win. 
As soon as he's gone Daphne gives a little shriek of joy and throws herself at me, wrapping me up in a hug and nearly taking both of us to the ground in her excitement. "That was so cool! I'm so excited! And I'm going to get so much funding to buy cool fireproof fabric!" she gasps and pushes me away, staring into my
face. "I might even need a new
sewing machine." 
I laugh, delighted that this development benefits her as well, and pull my friend into another hug. "Get all the machines you want," I whisper, "you know Jesse will buy them if the school won't." She gasps and pushes me away, blushing. "You shut your mouth!"
I quickly give her a wink and draw
my fingers over my lips like a zipper, letting her know the secret's safe with me. She laughs and turns to man in question, talking to him excitedly about the shadows and something about mittens? don't
understand, but I turn towards the
rest of my friends anyway.
We spend a few minutes talking excitedly about the potential for invisible night-time fire, but all the while I keep half of my focus on Luca, realizing that he's quiet. And starting to realize, a little bit, that it's deliberate. "Okay," I say with a happy sigh. "Can we go back upstairs? I didn't even get all the way through my cheeseburger."
Everyone agrees to it, happily trooping forward, but I hang back until it's just me and Luca at the back.
Jackson looks over his shoulder with a frown, of course, but I send a little pleading nudge down the bond, asking him for a moment. He grumbles about it, inwardly, but does as I ask and walks with Jesse and Rafe back towards the castle. Leaving Luca and I alone for a much-needed chat.
###Chapter 0683
"Hey," Luca says, giving me a small smile and wrapping an arm around my shoulder as we, too, start towards the castle. "That was insane, as usual."
"Luca," I say quietly, looking up at him, brushing off the niceties. "What's wrong?"
His face tenses and he looks away from me. "Nothing's wrong."
I stop in my tracks, not letting him do this. "Luca."
He sighs and looks back at me. "What do you want me to say, Ariel?"
"I want you to say the truth, Luca," I reply, staring up at him. "You don't like this. I can tell that you don't like this. And you can't just...hold it in and be silent about it. You're part of this and you're my mate - I need to know where you stand." Luca huffs a little, looking down at me. "I do like it -"
I take a deep breath, looking up into his face, shaking my head. Because he's lying and we both know it.
He groans, turning away from me for a moment, putting his hands on his hips and hanging his head. I give him the time, letting him put his thoughts together.
"What do you want me to say, Ariel?" he asks. "I'm not part of your little magic group- I haven't been one of the ones who's been talking about magic all semester, experimenting with it. I've been actively excluded from that group for months and then I'm summoned by your mom and all of a sudden you ask me to hold your hand and there's a fire tornado?" He turns back to me, his eyes worried and hurt. "Yeah, I'm a little freaked out by it all!"
I bite my lip, a little at war with myself. Because quite suddenly I'm aware of what Tony pointed out earlier - that Luca here is feeling very real emotions, and he's allowed to be freaked out by the magic. But he is again making this all about him.
There's no support for or recognition of the incredible things that I did yesterday and today. It's just...all about what he feels.
Suddenly, I very much want my mom to send that therapist to the school as fast as she can. Because I am way, way out of my depth regarding how to talk to him and not get bowled over.
"I'm really sorry that you feel that
way, Luca," I say quietly. “But I'll do whatever can in the future to ensure that you're included. And m sorry ift didn't fight for you to included before - but I didn't know
that we could do this. I'll try to do
better in the future." 
I reach for him then, and he takes my hands and pulls me close. "It's okay."
"I'd like your support too, though," I say, my throat tight. Because I honestly feel like I'm kicking him when he's down, and I'm not used to advocating for myself and... this is really hard.
He looks up at me in surprise. "What? Do you...do you seriously think that I don't support you?"
"I think you want to," I say quietly.
"But when I think you could have come and talked to me about how you were feeling last night instead of just sending me a note. And I think you could be more excited for me at this development, instead of standing around quietly with your jaw clenched." Content bélongs to FindNovel
"I needed space last night," Luca says, gasping a little. "I'm allowed to take space!"
"You are," I say, gritting my teeth for a moment against the urge to just agree with him and make him feel better. "But it made me feel really, really sad and worried that you didn't come to dinner last night without. taking a minute to explain it to me and check in on how it made me feel. And today - I can tell you don't like the magic and we should talk about why. But I shouldn't have to railroad you into that conversation, Luca...I would hope that you'd want to talk to me about it."
Luca sighs and drops my hands, putting his arms around my shoulders instead and resting his cheek against my head. "Okay," he says. "I'm sorry. I didn't think of it that way."
I wrap my arms around his waist, pulling him close.
But even as I do, I find my wolf turning away from our bond, not wanting to move down it and nudge the wall that we both feel built up again on the other side. Because it's too much - a great deal of effort from us, as always, to ensure he's okay. And very little in return from him.
"I'll try harder," Luca whispers, giving me a squeeze and turning me back towards the castle. "I really will. But now, let's go get you some sustenance, yeah? Probably burned a lot of calories with that fire."
I just murmur my consent, walking back to the castle with Luca and chatting idly, wishing desperately that he'd truly let me in.
But considering that wall that's up between us again?
###Chapter 0684
God, I just don't know if we're ever going to get there.
We spend the evening celebrating a variety of victories - Tony's top marks, Rafe's great win, Jesse's first command, and my continuing enrollment at Alpha Academy by dint of fire tornado. A great deal of contraband whiskey goes around with lots of merriment and jokes - but the best part?
The best part comes when everyone leaves and I crawl across the bed and collapse over Jackson's bare chest.
His breath all leaves him in a woosh before he laughs and wraps me up against him, kicking a foot out and knocking the curtain off its hook so that it slides shut and leaves us in darkness.
"I'm tired," I mutter, letting myself go limp against him.
"Yes, you had a long day," he murmurs.
"Yeah," I say with a sigh, snuggling against him. "Was a traitor. Shot my mate and turned his command over to my cousin. Lost my virginity. Got my mini mark," I hold up my finger as proof, making him laugh. "Yelled at my Captain and got expelled. Started a fire and reversed my expulsion."
"Busy girl," he murmurs, dropping a kiss to my head. "What was the best part?"
"The mini mark," I say on a satisfied sigh, holding up my finger again.
He laughs sincerely but then growls, wanting a better answer. I grin and sit up, letting my legs fall naturally on either side of him. "No, Jacks, you know what my favorite part was. Of course it was."
"It was really important to me," he murmurs, raising a hand and cupping my cheek in his palm. I sigh happily, resting my head there. "I didn't want you to think that I let it get overshadowed, or that I thought it was just something that happened. It was...probably one of the most important moments of my life."
"Me too," I say, utterly sincere. We stare at each other for a long moment before I lower myself softly to his chest so that our faces are very close in the dark. "I love you very much, Jackson. I'm going to spend the rest of my life making that abundantly clear."
His whole face softens with his emotions and I can feel down the bond that he feels precisely the same. "I regret it now," he murmurs, letting his eyes drift down to my neck and lifting a hand to the spot. "I should have given you the mark. I'm sorry. I mean, it would have made this whole day even harder because everyone would have flipped - but marking you should have been more important -"
"It's okay," I whisper, grinning at him. "Next time."
He nods, moving his eyes back to mine. "Next time," he whispers.
Then I gasp a little, remembering something. "OH!"
I bounce away from him, reaching from my dresser and rifling through one of the drawers.
"What on earth are you doing?" Jackson asks, propping himself up on his elbows and frowning at me.
"Looking for...this!" I say, proudly producing the little brown bottle my mom gave me and crawling back to Jacks, reclaiming my spot straddling his stomach. I hold it out to him so he can see. "What is it?" he asks, confused.
"Birth control," I say, pulling it back and unscrewing the top.
"Oh," he says, his eyes going wide. "Where did you get that?"
"Mom," I say with a shrug. "She likes to be practical." He watches me quite seriously as I raise the bottle to my lips, but the grim set of his mouth makes me pause. "Unless you wait, do you not want me to take this?" 
He blinks at me. "What?"
My eyes go wide. "I mean, if I don't, there is a...very real possibility of a little baby McClintock in six months."
Jackson goes very pale, making me grin. "No, you should definitely drink it."
I laugh a little, taking a sip like my mom instructed me and then re-screwing the cap and tossing it back in the drawer. Jackson's eyes follow the bottle and then he
reaches for me, pulling me close as I settle again close to him. 
"Does it hurt you at all?" he murmurs. "To take that?"
"No," I whisper, shaking my head. "Mom says it's very gentle, that I shouldn't notice anything."
I smile a little, because I can hear him frowning. "Should...I take some? Does it work on guys?"
"I don't know," I say, turning my head and considering it. "Should we ask Jesse? He's a hussy, apparently - he'd have an idea -"
Jackson laughs and wraps me up tight. "No, leave him in peace," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair. "I want you all to myself a little while longer."
"Me too," I whisper, snuggling up
warm against my mate, who brings me such joy and peace. And incredible amounts of physical
pleasure, apparently. "Meet mox net
the dream state, though," I murmur,
sleepy. "I want to try something." 
"Yes ma'am," Jackson murmurs, tucking his hand beneath my pajama top and running his palm, warm and possessive, all the way down my back, letting me know that he, too, has plans for when he gets me alone on that cliffside.
###Chapter 0685
The next morning I can barely run, I'm laughing so hard.
"Jesse!" I shout, tripping over my own feet as I try to keep a bead on him with my paintball rifle. "Quit doing that!"
"No way, you're getting too good!" He shouts back, laughing himself and disappearing again into a cloud of shadows before darting off between the trees. He found out this morning, when we were messing around in our run, that he can cast the shadows over himself, making them cling tightly to his form so that he, in essence, becomes a shadow himself.
It doesn't make him invisible - not really - but in the shade it does make him basically indistinguishable from the shadows cast by the trees. And damn, does it make him hard to shoot.
"Jess!" I growl before I dart off after him, still laughing. "This is so unfair!"
"You're the one with the damn gun, Ari!"
Left, Jackson says, directly into my mind. He's ahead of me, of course, with those long Alpha legs. See where he's running through the leaves and shaking them? Shoot there.
I grin, loving that I have my own magical advantage via the connection to my mate, and I stop short, casting my vision to my left as instructed and taking aim, even as my heart pounds and my breath shudders in my chest. I take in one deep gasp of breath and then see it - the disturbance amongst the branches - and shoot.
A very satisfying gasp of pain sounds out in the trees, and a moment later Rafe's loud shout of laughter follows.
Grinning wildly, I send a pulse of thanks and love Jacksons way and sprint in the direction Jesse went. I find him almost immediately, mostly because Rafe's standing over him, his hands on his hips, cracking up at the sight of Jesse sprawled in a puddle, a bright splash of blue paint right between his shoulder blades.
"How did you do that, Ari?" Jesse growls, sitting up and glaring at me, brushing mud from the front of his shirt just as Jackson comes into the clearing too, beaming at me.
"Oh, I had some intel," I say, laughing and reaching a hand for Jacks. He gives his usual snarl of delight when he takes my hand, pulling me close to his side.
"No!" I laugh, shoving Jackson playfully away. "I want to chase Rafe now!"
"Absolutely not," Rafe says, grinning at me even as he offers a hand to Jesse and pulls him up. "If you can take out Jesse when you can't even see him I don't stand a chance." "But -"
"Honestly we should get Luca out here," Rafe says, raising his eyebrows at me. "He might be the only one who can give you a run for your money. Quite literally."
I turn my head, intrigued at the idea, and when I glance up at Jacks he just gives me a little shrug, letting me know he doesn't mind. "Cool!" I say, my face breaking into a grin. "Yeah, let's ask him! But let's invite Ben too, I don't want him to be left out." "Not Tony?" Jesse asks, raising an eyebrow my way and giving me a devious grin.
"Let's let Luca have some space," I sigh, my shoulder slumping slightly. "Tony would take too much pleasure watching me shoot him."
"I'd kind of like to see some of his assassin tricks, though," Jacks murmurs, looking down at me with interest. "You could probably learn a thing or two from him."
I tilt my head to the side at the
prospect, likewise intrigued, but Rafe sighs and turns towards the Castle "As fun as this is, we're running late for breakfast and should head in. I feel like the Captain might send information on the next Games,
what twists and turns are coming
next." 
All of us eager to have that information as well, we head quickly back and move right for the dining hall after securing the paintball gun back in its locker. No time for showers, we enter the breakfast hall sweaty and cheerful, with Jesse muddy and painty too.
Immediately, we realize something
is off. The room is far too quiet, too dour. Rafe narrows his eyes as he looks around and Jackson and
Jesse step closer to me as we quickly cross to our table. I glance around the room and catch Redman Blythe's eyes on me, predictably glaring. 
I flash my teeth at him though, not forgetting that he so casually mentioned my little sister. When we get to the table, I call a hello to Ben_ and put a warm hand on Luca's shoulder, but I sit next to my brother, leaving the open seat next to Luca open for Jesse. Jackson takes the seat on my other side as Hean in close to Rafe, intending to tell him immediately about Blythe's little name drop during the Games. 
###Chapter 0686
However, my intentions are thwarted when Rafe goes rigid and looks towards the head of the room.
All of our heads turn then, the hall going even more quiet. Beneath the table, Jackson slips a hand onto my thigh, anxious and wanting my touch as much as he wants to give me comfort. "Cadets," the Captain says, coming to the front of the room. "Please give me your attention."
We all just sit perfectly still, silence reigning in the room, paying rapt attention to the man at the front.
"It gives me no pleasure to inform you," he continues, standing straight and putting his hands behind his back, "that you are being called up to active duty."
Several gasps sound throughout the room but everyone at my table just stills.
"The Generals at the front are making a decisive strike and calling for all hands, including you. Classes have been cancelled for the rest of the day, though each of you will visit your professors in your classrooms in order to receive any special instructions or supplies. Those on command track," the Captain's eyes flick around the room to three or four places, landing on our table last, "should come and consult with me for further information.""
My heart starts to pound as I realize that it's...it's finally happened. That school has for so long been an exercise - but now we're actually doing it.
My friends, my family, my mates, me - we're going to war.
"Board the train at 06:00 tomorrow morning," the Captain says, his voice steady and stern. "Before that, get your rest while you can."
With that, he turns on his heel and leaves the room through his private door.
Silence rings for a moment before whispered conversation breaks out all over the room. My entire table leans closer together and we all stare around at each other with wide eyes. "Rafe?" Ben asks, staring at my brother, his face pale. "Did you know about this?"
"No," Rafe answers, crossing his arms and leaning back in his chair, his eyes narrowed. "I didn't. But if dad and Roger are calling us up...then things have gotten very...very dire."
A core of fear begins to settle low in my stomach at my brother's words, because I know that they're correct.
"Don't worry," Jackson murmurs, perhaps just to me, though the rest of the table is listening. "We'll get some answers. By tonight, we'll know more."
We split quickly after breakfast,
none of us very hungry or needing much caffeine after the Captain's announcement. There is a great deal of fuss by the doors about who would escort me where and when and how so that I can visit my professors while everyone else needs to be elsewhere.
After about five minutes of bickering Alphas, I roll my eyes and step into the middle of the group with a paper napkin in my hands that I immediately set ablaze.
My boys all go silent and turn to stare at me.
"If anyone messes with me," I say quietly, looking them each in the eyes as I dust the ashes off my hands and to the floor. "I'll just set them on fire. Okay? No more need to escort the Shrimp around school." Jackson just smirks at me, dead proud, while Rafe frowns and takes a step forward. "Ari -"
"Please, Rafe? say with a sigh, tilting my chin up to look in his face. "We're going to war, and everyone's busy, and I can do this. Just... let me walk to class by myself. No one has come for me for months - why would they start now?" 
Rafe sighs and rubs a hand down his face before he glares at me, more worried than mad. "On fire, Ari," he snaps. "You set anyone who even gives you a dirty look on fire. No questions asked. Okay?"
I grin and nod to him before we all break up, Jackson's wolf giving mine an affectionate nip and Luca comes close to brush his arm against mine before they, too, go in their own direction.
I sigh and move swiftly down the
hall, heading directly for Neumann's classroom, wishing Faiza were here so that I could get her advice and whatever tools she thinks might be useful for me at the front. And, if I'm honest, to say goodbye to her. 
Because tomorrow...
But no. I gulp hard, putting the thought out of my mind, shaking my head against it. Because that's not going to happen - I don't need to say goodbye to anyone, not today, not tomorrow. We're all going to survive this - all of us. We have to.
###Chapter 0687
Jackson hesitates when he and Rafe turn the corner on the upper floor where the Captain's office is. He looks both ways, trying to decide which direction to go. "What's wrong?" Rafe asks, turning towards him with a frown.
"I'm supposed to meet Hank this morning," Jackson murmurs, looking down the hall to where their normal meeting room is. "I know the Captain wants to meet with us, but...if Hank did come, it would be rude to just let him sit there." Rafe smirks a little and nods to him. "It's fine - go let Hank know what's going on. But you know you don't have time for a full meeting with him, right?"
"No, I get it," Jackson says, running a hand through his hair and starting off down the hall. "I'll just go apologize and say it will have to wait."
"I'll stall the Captain," Rafe says, nodding seriously to his friend and starting down the hall to the office. "Come as soon as you can."
Jackson returns the nod and exhales, long and slow, before striding down the hall towards the usual door. When he turns the handle and pushes it open, he's not surprised to see the smaller man sitting in his chair, his laptop open before him, waiting. "McClintock," Hank says, nodding towards the chair. "Nice to see you today."
"I'm afraid I can't stay long, sir," Jackson says, quietly closing the door behind him and moving to the chair, taking his seat. "We've had some news."
"No worries, you're not breaking any secrecy pacts," Hank says, looking seriously at the young man before him. "The Captain told me this morning that my visit today is a bit of a wasted effort. Thank you for taking a moment to stop by, though." "I'm sorry," Jackson says seriously, "I wouldn't have wanted you to waste your time like this."
"It's all right," Hank says with a shrug, nodding towards the computer. "I've got enough here to keep me busy. All that's lost is a couple of wasted hours on a helicopter, which isn't a big deal, all things considered. I'll get a nap in on the way back." Jackson opens his mouth to ask if there's anything that Hank needs to know in the meantime, but then he pauses, his eyes falling to the floor.
"What is it, kid?" Hank asks, gentler than usual.
Jackson takes a moment, staring hard at the floor, before raising his eyes to the doctor's.
"I've been giving you as much information as I can, sir," he says quietly. "But do you have...other sources as well? Information about...inside?"
Hank turns his head, curious now,
because so far Jackson has basically interacted with him as a
kind of incomplete encyclopedia on
Community knowledge. Jackson!
answers every question that Hank asks as best he can, with complete clarity, but rarely - if ever shows any emotion about the answers or asks for anything in return. 
el:
At the heart of it, Hank knows, is Ariel: that Jackson is answering the questions because Ariel would want him to, because it helps her people, a group which includes the Community as far as she and the Sinclair family are concerned. 
But this? The way the boy is hesitating today, asking for news?
Today, it's something else.
"I have people working in the North," Hank says, perfectly transparent. "The Community itself has been hard to breach but we've had some short success. We have more information than we had at Midwinter, but what we have is incomplete. Why?" He turns his head, watching Jackson carefully for his reaction. "What do you want to know?" 
Jackson pauses again, clearly at war with himself.
"It's all right, Jacks," Hank murmurs, deliberately calling the boy by Ariel's pet name, leaning forward and stretching an inviting hand across the table. "You're... allowed to ask."
The boy sighs and doesn't look up. "Do you have...names?" he asks, almost in a whisper. "A census, or anything of sort? Of who's in there, who's alive?"
###Chapter 0688
Hank waits for Jackson to raise his eyes to his, but when he does, Hank nods and leans forward towards his laptop, searching for a particular file and pulling it up. He puts his hands on the keys, ready to type. "Again, it's incomplete," he says quietly. "But we have
something like that. Who are you looking for?"
Jackson shifts uncomfortably in his seat. "It's not precisely...who," he says, staring at the database at Hank's fingertips. "Just..." he sighs and drops his head into his hand. "Do you know? If there are any children in the Community who are...maybe three and a half years old?" Hank's stomach clenches at the question but he lets no sign of his sadness for the young man in front of him show on his face. "Well," he says, beginning to type. "I'm not sure. Let's see what we can find out."
When I turn the corner to the Chemistry classroom, I see Neumann already at the door, talking seriously with my fellow Espionage Cadets. His eyes flash up, meeting mine, and he sighs before turning back to the few boys before them. As I approach he very clearly wishes them all luck while each holds out their hands, accepting a small packet that Neumann presses into it.
Then they all walk away, not giving me another look.
"What was that?" I ask, stepping close to Neumann, a little anxiety turning in me when I realize that he sent them away so that he could speak to me in private, giving them instructions that are clearly separate from mine.
"That was farewell," Neumann says, uncharacteristically leaning against the door frame and looking after the Cadets as they move quickly down the hall. "Sending underprepared boys off to a war they're too young to remember the start of." I frown at him as he turns his eyes back to me.
"What?" he asks, the corner of his lip turning up. "You don't like it when I wax poetic?"
"I don't like it when you dodge the question," I answer, crossing my arms over my chest. "What did you give them?"
Neumann smirks at me. "Cyanide,"
he answers, quite calm and serious. So calm and serious that the gravity of his answer takes a moment to hit me, When it does, my lips part as I stare up at my professor. 
-
"Are you...are you sending them behind enemy lines?" I ask quietly, remembering what Faiza said that Neumann has sent everyone he has and that none have returned. I book
back at the boys, realizing that they
- and I might be all he has left.
-
"I am," Neumann replies, quite simple, considering me. "The cyanide is...a last resort. A gift, in case things reach their most despicable ends."
I slump, turning back to my professor, looking up into his face.
His expression softens, then, as he looks down at me. "Don't worry, Ari," he murmurs, far more casual than I'm used to him being. "There's none for you. All my pills are parcelled out."
I just stare at him because...what? "Please," I say, shaking my head. "I don't understand."
"I have nothing for you, Cadet," Neumann says, standing up straight. "The Captain has heard your plea to go on Command track. You're being reassigned."
"W-what?" I gasp, shaking my head vehemently. "I'm not going to be Espionage anymore? But I -"
"You have talents that take you outside of my grasp, Cadet," he sighs, shaking his head. "It's rather a shame that they finally noticed your merits. You'd have made one hell of a spy." Tears flood my eyes. "But I want to be a spy," I whisper, devastated.
"You wanted to go to war with your
little wolf pack Neumann says, stepping closer to me, sympathy on his face. And, considering what the Captain reported you can do...that makes sense. You're more useful on
the front line, and considerin
wn
the
fates of my most recent graduates...honestly, my dear, I am relieved." 
###Chapter 0689
My mouth turns down in a desperate frown, because even if he's relieved...
God, but I love being an Espionage Cadet. I don't want to be reassigned - I want to study it all.
"I'll talk with the Captain," I say, giving an assured nod. "I'll...I'll do both tracks."
Neumann smirks at me and nods. "We'll see," he says, quiet and sure. "Upon your return. Now you'd better head out - you have other professors to meet with before you get some rest." I hesitate. "Faiza?" I ask, just a whisper.
He smirks. "Don't you worry about my dashing girl. She will be fine."
"You haven't heard from her?"
Neumann quirks an eyebrow at me. "What kind of spymaster would I be if I told you that?"
"A nice one," I growl, showing my teeth a bit. To my shock, he actually laughs.
"Go!" Neumann says, giving me a little shove on the shoulder. "I have work to do, and so do you."
I sigh, turning down the hall, my head hanging as I process this sudden news.
"Ariel."
The name rings out after me and I turn back, meeting my favorite professor's eyes.
"You stay alive, all right?" he says, clenching his jaw, working hard to keep the emotion from his face.
A tiny grin takes my lips. "Are you being sentimental again, sir?"
"Not at all, Cadet," he says, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "Just issuing my standard orders. You're very important to this world, as well as to me. Just...make sure you come back." "Yes, sir." I say, giving him a steady nod.
And then I tear my eyes away and sniff hard, moving down the hall and not letting myself look back.
When I got to Blaze's gym, it's empty, all the lights off.
I frown because I've never seen it like this - so dark and lifeless. But then I realize that I'm just insanely early for our lesson and cross to the little door in the back, rapping on it softly a few times. And then harder, a few more.
But there's no answer and nothing in the room changes. I call for him a few times, louder and louder, but again - no response.
Sighing, feeling a bit defeated, I trudge all the way up through the castle to our room at the top.
Of course, I'm the only one here because everyone else has
professors, and an assignment, and things to do. For the first time since I've been at the Academy I'm at a loss for how to spend my time, and I hate it, because right now could really, really use a distraction. 
I do my best to keep busy, first stealing Jackson's strategy textbook and trying to read through the maps, quizzing myself on the little exercises that he sometimes puts me though in the dream state when we study together. But when that fails to occupy my mind, I put myself to busier tasks, straightening up the room and then pulling the little ironing board from beneath Rafe's bed and beginning to iron a set of each of our uniforms so that we can be pressed and ready for tomorrow. 
But that's agony too far too much space for my mind to wander.
Eventually I just groan and throw myself on the couch with a packet of cookies, stuffing myself silly and passively watching TV on Jackson's little DVD player while I wait for everyone to get back. When the door finally opens hours later, I groan with relief.
"Finally," I sigh, pouting towards the door as Jackson and Rafe come in, Jesse and Luca on their tail. "Where have you been!?"
"We've been getting ready for war," Rafe says, looking at me like I'm a little crazy and then looking around the room where books and cookies and irons are scattered. "What the hell have you been doing?"
"Waiting!" I moan, somehow
managing to glare and pout at them all at once. Jackson comes crosses to me, sitting down and smirking a bit as he senses my discontent and
eyes all the cookie wrappers. Luca
comès to sit across from me as well asl spill out the story of being reassigned. 
To my dismay, none of them look surprised.
"You knew!?" I gasp, staring around at the four warrior-track Alphas.
Jesse grimaces, feeling bad. "The Captain told us this afternoon," he says. "I mean, it gets you what you asked for, Ari - we're all going into battle together tomorrow."
###Chapter 0690
"And it was stupid of them to ever think we'd let you go across enemy lines alone as a spy," Luca says as a frown. Jackson nods in agreement.
I hold my tongue on that one, not knowing how to respond.
"Wait, what else did you find out?" I ask, looking around at them.
"A lot," Rafe says, sitting on my other side and dropping his bookbag to the floor. As he begins to pull out maps and schematics, though, the door opens again and Ben comes in, Tony on his tail. We all call eager hellos to them - Luca quieter than the rest of us - but my head spins again when I see a flash of red at the door just before it swings shut.
"Room for one more?" Daphne calls, peeking in. "I don't want to interrupt."
"Of course, Daph," Jesse calls, immediately straightening, color in his cheeks as she slips into the room. Rafe turns his head to our cousin and frowns, watching him.
My stomach sinks further as I look between Rafe and Jesse as Daphne closes the door and crosses to us. She doesn't do anything special - just settles on the floor at Luca's side, but still...
The way that Rafe's looking at Jesse right now?
It's clear to me by the troubled expression on my brother's face, even if it isn't to my cousin, that Rafe is figuring things out. And he is feels deeply, deeply betrayed.
Daphne, however, seems completely oblivious to Rafe's tension. "I can't believe you all got called up," she says, staring all around at us as the three newcomers settle into new spots, Tony surprising me by squeezing in on the floor at my feet and glancing up at me with a little grimace. I reach out and pat his head, making him laugh. "We're all shocked," Luca says, turning to Daphne with a nod. "Does it affect you?"
"Oh, I've been sewing my fingers off all day," Daphne says, holding up her hands to show us that - indeed - her fingertips are all red. "I came up for dinner break but I'll be sewing all night too - uniform adjustments, making sure that we're sending you boys to the front in prime condition."
"Well, I already did that," I say, gesturing proudly to the folded pile of ironing that I completed earlier.
Daphne does a double take at it, gasping and giving me a glare. "Ariel, what did you do?"
"What are you talking about?" I ask, offended as she gets up and scurries over to the pile, holding up each piece like it's a great tragedy.
"Oh, Ari, these pants all need front pleats -"
"It's fine! No one will ever know!"
"Oh my goodness, Ariel," she murmurs, giving me a glare like I'm hopeless. "Where's your iron?"
I sigh and gesture towards it at the
vel?
base of Rafe's bed and Daphne gets to work, pulling it and the ironing board closer as Jesse smirks and Rafe turns back to the table, spreading out the maps as he was doing before everyone else came into the room. 
"Are we getting insider information?" Ben asks, leaning closer with interest.
"A little," Rafe murmurs. "It's not widespread knowledge but...worth knowing, for those of us who are going to be in our group. Which is not you, Ben, I'm sorry to say." Rafe turns to Ben with a grimace, but Ben just nods. 
"No, it's cool," he says, looking Rafe in the eye. "They already told me that I'm going to be in the command center. I know they're sending you all elsewhere." "Elsewhere?" I ask, a little breathless, looking around at the collected warriors and assassin. "Where...where are we going?"
"We," Rafe says, pointing around in a little circle that encompasses the rest of us, "are going here."
He points to what looks to me like a random point on the map, which gives the terrain details of the part of the Atalaxian front where the war effort is currently focused. I lean in close studying both the Moon Valley side which is all smooth plain - and the jagged cliffside that climbs on the Atalaxian front, where they've cleverly entrenched. 
"So," I say, a little breathless in the quiet room as we all lean forward. "We really are going to the front tomorrow? We're going to see war?"
"Yes, Ariel," Rafe replies. "And if what the Captain says is right, we're going to be right in the middle of it."
###Chapter 0691
"They're positioning all of our year of Academy Cadets here," Rafe says, tapping the map again with his finger. We all lean forward, studying it - even Jackson, who I know was in on the meeting with Rafe and saw this all before. "With our little group in the center of it."
"Wolf pack," I murmur, nodding.
"What?" Tony asks, looking over his shoulder at me.
I blush slightly. "Something Neumann called it," I respond, refocusing on Rafe as he continues explaining, either not having heard me or ignoring me.
"I don't hate it," Tony replies, giving a shrug and turning back to the map.
"The whole point of calling us up is sheer numbers," Rafe explains, drawing his finger now across the entire line of Moon Valley troops. "Roger wants a big assault on this cliff-side entrenchment, says we've got to get the Atalaxians out of there and on flat ground, either in front or below it."
"He's not wrong," Jackson adds, giving a steady nod.
Rafe nods too, continuing on. "So it's a big assault. The problem is, every time they've considered or tried it before the Atalaxians see it coming and route the forces from behind. So we've basically got to surround them in a semicircle so they have no way to get around us. Then we tighten in, like a fist."
He uses his own hand to demonstrate. I gulp.
"Academy Cadets are in the least important strategic position," Jackson says, leaning around me to tap at our location on the map again. "We're unlikely to be the focus of the attack - and the hope is that the Atalaxians don't notice all the fresh faces and terror in our eyes, so they won't know we're vulnerable there. We'll just be troops like all the others." "Oh," I say, sitting back a little, feeling better.
"Yes, the hope is that we'll just be bodies," Rafe says, quite serious, looking around at all of us, his eyes pausing on Daphne as she keeps her eyes on the ironing, her mouth firmly set against whatever it is that's pounding in her heart. "That we won't see any big battle and we'll be back at school in a few days."
"Okay," I say with a sigh, sitting back against the cushions. "That...that sounds like it could be worse."
The group all nods with me, even as the dumbwaiter bell rings, signaling the arrival of dinner.
But even as I say it...something in me makes my wolf turn with anxiety. Because it can't be that easy, right?
As the hour grows late and the boys start to pack up their bags, heading
back to their room for the night, Jesse keeps an eye on his girl. How could he not, after all? Daphne
she's gorgeous, and lovely, and
concerned, and his. 
"I'm going to get some fresh air," Jesse says with a sigh, pushing up from his arm chair and deliberately not looking at her.
"Fresh air, Jess?" Rafe says, looking
up at his cousin like he kind of doubts it. "Lonce heard you say you wish you had a personal air conditioner and filter that you could carry around in front of you, blasting you in the face at all times.
"Yeah, well, I get allergies," Jesse murmurs, heading for the door. "Besides, the night before he goes to war a man wants to... smell a tree. I don't know. Don't think about it too hard." He slips outside the door but doesn't go far.
Doesn't need to, not really - Daphne is out the door not two minutes later.
And when Jesse drops his shadows from where he stands in the corner by the stairs, leaning against the wall, her face bursts into a smile that only lasts a second before her eyes fill with tears.
"Daphne, don't," Jesse begs, holding
out his arms to her. Daphne rushes to him, pressing herself against his chest, tucking her head beneath his chin. Jesse cradles her close, letting one hand get lost in her hair, his fingers tangling in the long red strands, the other stroking comfortingly up and down her back. He pulls his shadows up so that they have a little secrecy in case anyone else comes out of the room.
"How can I not!?" Daphne groans, sniffing hard against her tears as she attempts to obey. "Jess, you're going to stupid battle tomorrow -" "Where I will win great glory and victory in your honor!"
She lifts her head to glare at him. "Don't use that 'honor and victory, baby, it's all for you' speech on me, Sinclair. I want you here, safe."
"You sure?" he asks, twisting his lips with doubt. "I could bring you war spoils. I could bring you gold, and diamonds. An Atalaxian general's head." Daphne's expression is one of great disgust, which makes Jesse burst out laughing as he holds her tighter, loving her a great deal in this moment.
###Chapter 0692
"Just bring yourself home," she murmurs, resting her forehead on his chest. He lifts his chin, resting it on her head, holding her close and silently memorizing the way she feels against him.
"Don't doubt it for a second, Daph," he murmurs, earnest in a way that he's usually not. "You'd be too pretty a widow for me to go and die now. You'd look great in black - and then someone would snap you up and you'd forget all about me-
"A widow," she scoffs, sufficiently distracted from her worries and snapping her head up to glare at him. "What are you talking about? We're not -"
"Oh, didn't you notice?" he asks, sliding his hand from her back and slipping it against her left palm, lifting her fingers high. "I married you, last night. I mean, you were asleep, but I've been very busy and I was in a rush -"
Daphne glances down at her hand and then bursts out laughing when she sees the little shadowy ring sitting there, in human fashion, on the ring finger of her left hand. "Oh you idiot," she growls, shoving him even as she leans herself more fully against him. "If you're going to marry me then I'm at least going to be conscious when you do it."
Jesse grins at her, dropping her hand and stroking his knuckles down her cheek. "Is that a yes?"
"Jesse don't joke," Daphne murmurs, dropping her eyes slightly so that her dark lashes drift over her cheeks.
"I'm not joking," he sighs. "Not really. But I take your meaning, Daph, and I promise you that this whole battle tomorrow is just going to be a little exercise. That I'll come back safe and sound and we'll talk about doing that for real. You know. When you're awake." "Are you serious?" she asks, raising her shocked eyes to his. "You want to...with me?"
"I'm dead serious," he says quietly, stroking her face again. "But I understand if you're not there yet. Still - you should know that I am."
Daphne studies him for a long moment, her love for this strange and beautiful boy shining in her eyes, and then she stands on her toes and kisses him. Jesse wraps her up, warm and neat, and kisses her until they both forget all about it - forget that the war and tomorrow even exist.
Or, at least they come close. The door to the room opens and they both go quite still, hiding in the corner with Jesse's shadow cover as Tony walks past and jogs down the stairs towards his own room, his face quite serious and lost in thought.
"These are very useful," Daphne murmurs, reaching up and stroking a hand over the shadows that arch over them - a move that makes Jesse shiver. She notices and turns to him with a grin. "You can feel that?" "They're part of me," he says with a shrug.
"So then this..." she looks down at the little shadow ring on her finger.
"Little piece of my soul for you to keep," he says with a sigh. "A placeholder while I'm gone. I'll get you a real one later."
She grins up at him but then hesitates. "People are going to notice if I start wearing a ring, Jess."
He sighs, and neither of them mention which particular person they don't want to notice - at least, not yet. Not while things are so fresh, and so new, and so good.
"Something else, then?" Jesse asks,
taking her hand again and turning it over in his palm, making the shadow around her finger dissipate in the air and then reform into a tiny kitten, just large enough to sit in herpalm. 
"Mittens!?" she gasps, laughing and looking between Jesse and the tiny cat. "I can keep Mittens while you're gone?"
"He's a good substitute, isn't he?"
Jesse asks, reaching out and
stroking the cat's head for himself, e "Though don't get freaked out if he disappears. I have no idea how long he can stick around when I'm gone. Orbow far away I can go from him." 
"Okay," Daphne says, still laughing a little and holding the kitten close to her chest.
Jesse slips a hand soft around the
back of her neck
neck and gently tugs her
bet
closer for another kiss, which she willingly gives, melting against him a little bit until the little kitten mews in protest at being squished. They both look down at him and laugh,
surprised. 
"I'll be keeping an eye on the horizon," Daphne murmurs, looking up into his face. "Looking for you coming back."
"I'll be there soon," Jesse promises. One last kiss seals the deal.
###Chapter 0693
When my eyes open in the morning, still far too early, I stifle a groan because I'm not sure I got a lick of sleep. I just dozed in and out of consciousness, anxiously waking every fifteen minutes or half an hour, scared I'm going to miss something. I sigh, heartily disappointed, because I never even sunk deep enough into sleep to go into the dream state with Jackson, as planned.
My wolf huffs disappointedly. We could have gotten the mark, she mutters, angry.
It would have just been a dream mark anyway, I reply on a sigh, lifting up a finger and seeing my little mini mark glinting in what light is available in the nook with the curtain closed. My wolf steps forward, inspecting the little nipped cut on my finger, which seems to shine almost silver.
Yes, that's a good start, she murmurs, approving.
I smile a bit, pleased that she's pleased, but I let my hand drop to Jackson's chest so that my chin is resting on him and I can peer up into his perfect face. I study him in peace, glad for his stoic nature that allows him to sleep through almost anything as well as the boundless energy that I know will wake him up fresh.
Jacks. He really is something special, isn't he?
Yes, very good, my wolf says, prowling forward across the bond and inspecting Jackson's gigantic wolf as he, too, sleeps. She trots around him like a pirate queen quite pleased with the hard-won booty that she's captured, preening. And soon, she says, stopping at the wolf's face and lowering her snout to give him a good sniff, we will have a mark and then we will be complete.
Two marks, I remind her, sighing and turning my head to look at the curtain that falls over the nook's entrance. But my wolf goes a little still before turning around and walking back across the bond, closing it as she goes. What? I ask, frowning at her inwardly. What's wrong with that idea?
She shakes her fur like she's trying to get water out of her fur, uncomfortable. Luca's wolf...she murmurs, turning in an anxious circle. He's not ready for that - too skittish and wild. And Jackson's...
My wolf looks longingly over the bond towards her mate, the one to whom she's grown very close.
"It will kill him," I whisper aloud, knowing that it's the truth.
My wolf gives a sad little howl of confirmation, agreeing with me. Jackson's mark first, she says, decided. It is what I want. And then...when Luca's wolf is ready, we will get his too.
I hesitate at this, knowing as well as my wolf does that the Goddess put me on a timeline and that neither of us want to risk losing Luca - losing either of them. Still, she nips me inside. Jackson's first, she whispers, sure. It's the only way.
I nod, agreeing to our little internal
plan and sighing as I realize that I need to have a very real
conversation with both of my mates. That it's only fair to tell them what's happening so that they can be prepared. As I exhale, Jackson starts. 
"Who are you talking to?" he asks, gruff and confused.
"Just my wolf," I say, frowning at him, suddenly anxious. "Can you...hear us?"
"I don't know," he murmurs, groggy and confused. "I don't think so. You said you were going to kill someone?"
I grin, glad when I realized that he simply misheard when I murmured my thoughts aloud. "Yes, I discovered that Jesse's been pilfering my snack collection. He's marked for death."
Jackson snarts at that, stroking a
hand down over my hair, ever supportive even if he doesn't quite think it's a capital offense. I smile, snuggling closer to him, loving the little sense of humor that's making itself known in its own way. 
We're quiet for a few minutes, both of us drifting off a bit, before Jackson's deep voice wakes me again. "You ready for all of this, tiny?"
"No," I say instantly, knowing that it's the truth. "But I'm going to do it anyway. It's our duty, and what we've been trained for."
"Anything I can do to make it better?" he asks, peering down at me.
"Energy," I sigh, quite dramatic, making him laugh as he immediately begins to pass me energy though our bond. "Also, a mark, please," I say, tilting my head back and baring my neck to him. This makes him laugh even harder, turning me over in the bed so that I'm pressed beneath him, just how I like. "Too little time and too many people in this room for that," he murmurs.
"Oh, come on," I sigh, grinning and snuggling close. "Just one little nip -"
"Not the way I've planned it,
Princess," he growls, wrapping his hand in my hair and baring my throat to him again, licking his tongue long up along the length of it just once in a way that makes me shudder, makes my knees go quite
weak. 
But we both sigh when we hear Rafe's bed creak across the room, hear his blankets shift and then his feet hit the floor moments before footsteps begin to cross the room. "Guess it's time to go," I whisper, looking up into Jacks's eyes with a great deal of fear in mine.
"Just stick with me, trouble," he murmurs, looking down into mine with a great deal of faith. "I'll keep you safe."
###Chapter 0694
I lean in, kissing my mate and believing him utterly.
The day-long train across the south of Moon Valley was bad, but honestly, compared to this truck?
I groan as we hit yet another bump and I'm tossed against Luca's side, hissing as my back again hits a spot on the wall that I know is going to leave a pretty purple bruise. "You all right?" he murmurs, subtly putting an arm around me for support.
"I think they planned these stupid transports for big guys," I say, glaring around at the fabric-covered truck that at least forty of us are shoved into.
"Yeah, well," Tony murmurs from my other side, dipping his head so that only I can hear him. "I don't think they anticipated the military being infiltrated by tiny magical women."
I laugh, just a single huff, before we hit another hole and I'm jolted again. My laugh dies, immediately replaced with a scowl.
Jackson and Rafe are at the front of the truck where they can see out the windshield - because this is their little legion, apparently. They brought Jesse with them up there, wanting his opinion, but there's another truck behind commanded by Blythe with a slightly smaller group, and then Ben and the rest of the Ambassadors have been sent to a different area of command.
"What are you even going to do here, Tony?" I ask, peering up at him with a frown. "How are you going to use your badass assassin skills if you're on the front line?"
"Oh, I think I've been reallocated for the moment," Tony says, looking down at me quite seriously. "We've got no access to the Atalaxian royalty for the time being, so all of my formidable skills are laying fallow. Until I can be put to use, I think my singular role is as your cooler."
I grin up at him. "My cooler?"
"Yeah, hose you down when you get all hot -"
I burst out laughing, but Luca snarls, pulling me subtly closer.
"Oh, get over it, Grant," Tony says, rolling his eyes, "or people are going to assume that I'm not kidding." He glances down at where Luca's hand has wrapped around my waist. Luca hesitates but then sighs and drops it, realizing that Tony's right.
Luca, I say, turning to frown up at my mate. Why do you let him bug you? You know he's kidding.
Is he kidding, Ari? Luca says, looking down at me kind of urgently. He hits on you all the time -
Yeah, I say, interrupting, my frown deepening, but... it's Tony - he's just saying it to make me laugh. There's nothing happening there. He's just my friend.
If he had any choice in the matter, Luca murmurs, raising an eyebrow at me. He wouldn't be so thoroughly stuck in the friend zone.
But I just shake my head, scowling at Luca, not understanding him at all. I mean, he has direct access to my emotions - he'd know if I had any romantic feelings towards Tony at all. But then I shift my eyes to his chest, wondering if... My wolf trots out, inspecting and...yup. His wall is up, the bond blocked.
"How can we talk?" I ask, tapping on his chest. "If you've got the wall up?"
"Ari," Luca growls, glancing around anxiously. "Let's not do this here."
I scowl, kind of getting pissed at him for continuing to not let me in. My wolf growls, hackles raised, and moves quickly across the bond until she gets to the wall, where she rises up on to
Sind legs and start
scratch at it vehemently with her claws, like she's digging. 
Luca gasps and spins to me, shocked.
"What are you two doing?" Tony murmurs, watching us with fascination.
I ignore Tony and flash my teeth at Luca, who scowls at me but takes down the wall.
My wolf turns as soon as he does, giving a little glare at his wolf on the other side, her meaning quite clear. Leave this down for your own good.
Before Luca can retort, though, we all notice a slight shift in the truck's gear and the slowing of our pace.
"Finally," Tony sighs, and I look up to see him shaking his head. "We're here."
"Thank god," I murmur, settling my shoulders and looking forward to a stretch. Luca sends a warm pulse over the bond, and I feel it with a vividness that makes me both smile and realize just how guarded he's been over the past few months. I turn to smile up at him, hoping he feels how much I love it when I get all of him - unblocked, uninterrupted. 
He smiles down at me, feeling all of my joy. Subtly he traces a hand down my back, letting me know he ther gets it and he understands and is sorry. lean into that hand subtly, loving the experience of sharing emotions with him - not just words. 
Tony moves first off of the truck, turning to hold a hand out to help me down, which I readily accept.
The moment my foot hits the ground, though, my head snaps up, because a very, very familiar scent has just crossed my nose.
"Ari!" a deep voice calls, full of happiness and relief.
My face bursts in a grin as I turn towards the man who called my name.
###Chapter 0695
It takes every single bit of willpower that I have to not shout "Dad!" and go running into his arms.
Instead, I act like a good little Cadet and snap myself into a salute, just as Luca and Tony and every other cadet in our truck are doing. Except I'm grinning like an idiot, and most of them look terrified.
My dad laughs, striding over to us and calling to the Cadets to be at ease, to go about fulfilling their orders. Hesitating, I think a little star-struck, the rest of my classmates do as they're told as dad draws near.
"Hello, Clark," dad says, beaming down at me, laughing a little at my false name. He tucks his hands behind his back, which to everyone else probably just looks like formality but which I know is him resisting the urge to grab me up in a hug. "It's nice to see my favorite nephew again."
"Hello, sir," I say, beaming up at him, my eyes sparkling. "You remember Tony - Anton - and Luca, of course." I nod to both of them, remembering my manners. Tony says a polite and cheerful hello, holding out a hand and shaking dad's before my father turns to Luca, who looks much paler and more quiet than usual.
"It's good to see you again, sir," Luca says, likewise shaking dad's hand.
Dad smirks a bit, knowing precisely where Luca's fear is coming from and looking like he thinks it's well justified. I just roll my eyes, sick of Alpha politics.
"I didn't know you were going to be here," I say eagerly, stepping forward and drawing my dad's attention back to me. "Are you directing the battle? Did you plan -"
"Dad!" Rafe says, coming forward and wrapping our father in the hug that I wanted to give him. Dad greets Rafe like a grizzly welcoming his cub back to the den, wrapping him in a big growling hug, and Jesse gets the same treatment next. I scowl with jealousy. Jackson is last, and I watch carefully, noting the warmth with which Jackson is received - warmth that Luca's greeting distinctly lacked.
I scowl, suspicions confirmed about who my parents' favorite is. Luca sighs at my side and I lean into him, just subtly, letting him know it's not true of me as well.
Greetings finished, dad turns and beckons for us all to come with him to the command tent. Trotting double-time to keep up with my father's long stride, I look wide-eyed around the camp, which is very high-tech but also looks like it can be broken down and moved elsewhere in an instant. Which is kind of the point, I guess.
Dad talks quickly to Rafe and
Jackson as we walk, though I don't miss that my father - consciously unconsciously - keeps me directly on his left at all times, in pride of place. My wolf trots happily in my soul, preening, her ears perked and her tail held high, quite pleased to have our spot as dad's most treasured child reconfirmed. 
When we reach a very large tent, dad gestures the rest of the boys forward. "We've been waiting for you, trouble," he says, his voice low and resonant and familiar in a way that makes my poor worried heart instantly warm. When all the boys enter, he slips an arm around my shoulders and leads me inside. "Your mother and the Captain have been telling me about what you can do. I can't wait to see it for myself." 
I grin with delight, very pleased and excited, but before I can even open my mouth to tell him about it I'm swept up in a pair of strong arms.
"Peanut!" my uncle shouts, and I burst out laughing both in surprise and at the use of an old, much-retired nickname. "It's so good to see you - we miss you!"
"Roger!" I gasp, pulling back a little even as he still holds me up in his arms, glancing anxiously around the tent. "Aren't we supposed to be...incognito?"
"Nah, not here," he says, allowing me
to slip to the floor and giving me a wink. "The tent is a steel trap. A zone of secrecy No people or information gets in or out of these impenetrable canvas walls without my
yel
permission." He sighs happily, hands on his hips, and turns to survey my little group of boys. When his eyes land on Tony, he frowns. "Who the hell is that?" 
I burst out laughing even as my dad finally pulls me into his own hug, nearly crushing me with his arms as well as his love and murmuring how glad he is to see me as Rafe too laughs and introduces Tony. "Oh, the water breathing one!" Roger says with enthusiasm, stepping forward to shake his hand.
###Chapter 0696
"I mean, I prefer badass assassin one?" Tony says, grinning his wry half-smile as he steps forward to shake the duke's hand. "But sure, that works too.'
Roger laughs, instantly liking Tony, as dad shoos us all forward into the center of the tent where there's a large table waiting with the details of the battle clearly sketched out on it. Roger moves to stand with Jesse, draping an arm around his son's shoulders and making it quite clear which of his parents Jesse more closely resembles.
I grin, suffused with happiness to see my family again so close together, wishing with a sudden vehemence that Mom and Cora and and Junie and Mark were here too. And all five of Jesse's siblings. But even as I wish it, I know it's ridiculous - we're here for war, not a reunion.
Still, I lean close against my dad, feeling quite warm and cozy with Jackson on my other side. Quite passively, without realizing that I'm doing it, I reach out and slip my hand into Jackson's. He makes no protest, simply wraps his fingers around mine and gives my palm a little squeeze.
"How are you all?" dad asks, looking around at the group. "I know this was all rushed, but it's important. Tonight we're going to make a serious strike in Moon Valley's favor - one which we very much need."
"We're fine, dad," Rafe says from dad's other side. "Glad that we can help." I peer around dad to see my brother give a very casual little shrug, looking dad evenly in the face. I grin, looking between them in their military uniforms, reminded again of just how much Rafe is my father's younger double.
"You were all briefed last night?" Roger asks, looking around at us, his humor falling from him so that his much more serious side can come forward - a side which I know the rest of the world is more familiar with but which is rarer for us, to whom he is close.
We nod, confirming this, and dad and Roger turn their eyes to me. "Good," dad says. "Then I think it's time that we see what you can do, Ariel. I doubt that we'll use your abilities in the strike tonight, but if it's as powerful as your mother and the Captain suggest then we'll want to start making you a more intrinsic part of our battle plans."
I gulp a little because... I mean, while I told the Captain that I was a powerful weapon in this war...I don't know, to hear my father say it makes it much more real.
"Okay," I say, straightening up from dad's side and tilting my head back to look up at him properly. "But, I mean, it's...flashy. If we do it in camp people are going to notice."
"Can you downsize it?" Jackson asks, peering down at me.
I turn my face up to him in turn, a swivel that's threatening to pinch a nerve in my neck from bending my head back so much. I scowl a little, thinking that I might need a stool if I'm going to be on a war council with
all of these big men.
Jackson, sensing my thoughts, nearly laughs out loud.
"What do you mean, downsize it?" I ask, frowning at him.
"You've gone small before," he says, shrugging. "You concentrated on melting a marble and didn't set your chemistry book on fire. Can you do the wind and the flame and the shadows just...a tenth of the size?" "Um," I say, standing up straight and looking at the table before us. "I mean, we can try."
"By all means," dad murmurs, gesturing towards the table.
I give a brief description of
17.
everyone's roles as people make space and we all shuffle into new spots. Jacks stays on my left and Luca comes to take my right hand while Pony steps close in case. close control. Jesse stands behind me, again placing his palm against my neck. 
"Ew, why is your hand all sweaty?" I ask, turning to glare at him.
"Just do the trick, shrimp," he snarls, making me laugh and face forward.
I catch a little glimpse of dad and Roger standing side-by-side, smirking at us, both of them with their arms folded and looking so much like brothers that my heart swelts. But I turn my attention back the table and exhale a deep
breath. 
Rafe, ever helpful, rips a piece of paper from a notepad and wads it up, tossing it onto the table - a little piece of kindling for me to get started.
I take a deep breath, hoping I don't burn this whole damn tent to the ground.
###Chapter 0697
A wild grin crosses my face as I fix my eyes on the ball of paper and set it ablaze before it even stops rolling. It only takes a second longer to pull on Luca's wind to lift the fire higher, creating a tiny whirlwind of flame just above the table, feeding it with Jackson's power after the paper itself fully disintegrates. Experimenting, being quite careful, I push on the wind, lifting the flames into the air and letting them spiral.
When I feel quite in control, I let it ride, powered by my bonds but not pushing it left or right. "So, it's kind of like that," I say, turning to my dad and Roger with a shrug.
They just stare at it in the air, their mouths open in awe.
"She's playing it cool," Tony says, glancing at me from the side of his eye with a smirk. "It's this, but like, a thousand times that size."
"How...how big can you go?" Roger asks, glancing at me before returning his eyes to the flame, fascinated.
"Um, we're not totally sure," I say, glancing over at Jacks.
"Really big," Jackson says, answering for me with absolute confidence, his own eyes on the magic before us. "Really, really big." "Jesse?" I say, inviting him to join in.
"Yes, finally, thank you, you big attention hog," he murmurs, making me laugh, but only because I know he's not really jealous. Dad and Roger actually gasp when Jesse's shadows are added, leaning forward to study what we can do.
"The effect is truly amazing at night," Rafe murmurs, likewise watching, unable to draw his eyes away. "Nearly invisible flame."
I sigh, dropping the fire all at once and basically just pulling the magic from the air. "So, that's pretty much it," I say, turning to the Alpha King and his Duke, who just stare at me slack-jawed. "Jesse and I want to experiment more to see what happens when I give him my power instead of when he gives me his, but -"
My words are cut off by my father's snarl as he crosses the room in a few long strides, sweeping me up in his arms and holding me tight before I even really know what's happening. I gasp, but then laugh as my dad cradles my head to his chest, rocking me slightly from side to side.
"My girl," dad growls, tucking his head down next to mine, his voice nearly choked with pride. "My amazing little girl - god, Ariel, you're such a wonder."
My eyes mist as dad loosens his
grip on me, allowing me to turn my face up to his. He cups my cheek in his palm, looking down at me, his eyes crowded with tears. "I'm so proud of you, darling," he murmurs, his whole heart in his face. "If this does what I think it can, then I think you may have just turned the tide of this war I think...god, Ariel, I think that you may yet save us all."
I bite my lip, completely overwhelmed, and tuck my face close against my dad's shirt as he again hugs me tight.
"I mean, I helped," Jesse says, only a little bit sour.
But we all burst out laughing, which is really what we need.
Something which my cousin, in his own way, already knew.
About half an hour later, after a great
deal of discussion, dad and Roger decide that they still need to give a lot of thought to how my magic can be used in the war. Consequently, they decide that it will not be on the agenda tonight. "Too new," my father says, shaking his head, his mind clearly working on the problem. In the meantime, though, those in command decide to move forward with tonight's assault in
which my little team will only have a
small, non-magical role.
We're dismissed from the command tent and ordered to prepare ourselves for battle, primarily by changing into uniforms that mark us more completely as members of Moon Valley military and not as under-trained Academy Cadets.
When we arrive at the large white tent set aside for us to sleep in tonight, a problem immediately presents itself.
"I mean," I murmur, holding up the gigantic grey-and-black set of fatigues sent for me to wear, "there is...no way that this is going to fit."
Jackson smirks, looking the uniform over and leaning close to murmur in my ear. "Second time I've heard you say that in two days, Clark. But in this case, I agree with you."
I snap my head up to stare at him for a second and then burst into laughter, shocked not only that Jackson is making a joke, but that it's a dirty one.
Jackson's face breaks into a huge smile, but he moves on and straightens up, not wanting to draw too much attention. "Can you just roll the pants up a lot, like you did when you were a Candidate?"
I scoff a bit, my pride rankling at the
idea that I'm going to go into my first military engagement with my pants rolled at the ankles and threatening to fall down at my hips. I sigh as ке look over the uniform again, realizing that I've perhaps gotten used to the idea of my personal tailor being on hand to ensure that all of my uniforms fit me perfectly. "Daphne did not do all of that ironing last night, Jacks, to turn me out like this." 
###Chapter 0698
"Fatigues aside," Jesse sighs, coming over and picking up my body armor. "This is...not going to work. This is going to hang down to your knees."
I laugh, shaking my head and pressing my hands to my cheeks. "God, what are we going to do?"
Rafe curses lightly, glancing towards the door, clearly trying to come up with a solution fast because dad ordered him, Jesse, and Jacks back to the tent to discuss strategy as soon as they get changed.
"It's cool," Tony says, coming around the corner from the little latrine already changed and buttoning up the front of his fatigues. "I'll take you down to the requisition point to see if they have anything smaller. You can't be the only Shrimp in the army." Luca nods, pulling off his Cadet shirt and starting to shake out his new grey fatigues. "Wait two minutes, I'll come too."
As I take a moment to quietly ogle my shirtless mate from the side of my eye, Rafe and Jackson look at each other and simultaneously give a nod, agreeing to the plan.
"I, the person in question and the ultimate decider, also agree to this plan!" I say loudly as I snap my attention back to them, not-so-tacitly reminding them that I'm in charge of my own life and decisions.
Rafe, Jesse, and Jackson both just look at me like I'm crazy for a second and then move on. "Cool!" Rafe says, pointing a finger seriously in Luca and Tony's faces. "Protect her with your life."
"Yes sir," Tony says, giving him a half-assed salute as Luca just sits down on his bed, tugging off his boots and nodding. I mean, that command is nothing new to him - he's heard it a thousand times.
I sigh, giving into it and gathering the useless uniform up into my arms as the boys finish getting changed and Jacks, Jesse, and Rafe all head out. When Luca is likewise suitably disguised as a military grunt instead of an elite Cadets, he and Tony duck out of the tent with me. We head down the dirt path between the tents, looking around for where the supplies might be kept.
"Wait here a second," Luca murmurs, quickening his pace and stopping a soldier in the path ahead to ask for information about where to go for this sort of problem.
As I watch him speaking to the tall soldier, whose handsome face sports a familiarly straight nose, I gasp and spin back towards the main tent, cursing under my breath.
"What?" Tony asks, straightening at my side and looking around with concern for any threats.
"No, it's nothing," I sigh, reaching out and putting a hand on his arm. "Sorry. I just...crap, I forgot to ask Rafe again about Blythe."
"What about him?" Tony asks, frowning down at me.
I sigh, dropping my hand and stepping close to my friend. "He just...said something in the Game. About Juniper. Just something in passing -"
"About your sister?" Tony asks, shocked, his eyebrows flying up.
"Yeah," I say, pursing my lips. "It...I mean, it was just an off-handed comment, but it sounded like he'd talked to her -"
"You need to shut that down right
now, Ari," Tony snaps, looking down at me, his face perhaps more serious than I've ever seen it. "That guy - don't trust him. He's a sycophant and a parasite - he'll do anything he can to climb the ranks." 
"How do you know that?" I ask, frowning up at Tony, concerned.
"I've just been watching him," Tony says quietly, frowning and looking down the dirt road between the tents. "The way he moves - he doesn't have like...friends. He just
moves towards the richest or most
powerful person in a group
and
sucks up to them until he sees
someone else he can glom on to."
"Wait, seriously?" I ask, staring up at Tony. "How do you - how do you know all that?"
"Because I'm a keen observer of humanity," Tony says, turning back to me with a shrug. "Or, more precisely, because I'm nosy."
I laugh, shaking my head a little and glancing over at Luca, who turns away from the soldier and starts to walk back towards us. "Good to know. How come you didn't tell me this before?"
"I told Rafe about it," Tony says with
a shrug, "but he already knew. But if Blythe is saying something about Juniper, I think you need to make a bigger deal about it. She's only
eighteen, right?" 
I frown at Tony, turning my head to the side. "Junie is seventeen."
"Not anymore," Tony says, smirking and shaking his head at me as Luca comes up. "Juniper Sinclair is famously a Capricorn. Did someone miss her little sister's birthday?"
I gape at Tony, appalled at myself when I realize that he's right.
###Chapter 0699
"How did you know that?" Luca asks, frowning at Tony as we stand together in the middle of the road and I melt in my mortification. Poor Junie - and why the hell didn't mom scold me for it when she was just here!? I can't believe I forgot her eighteenth birthday! God, I'm just the worst sister in the world.
"Some of us read the tabloids," Tony says, giving a casual shrug and smirking at Luca like he knows all of his secrets. Which, honestly, I'm not putting past him at this point.
"Whatever," Luca murmurs, looking at Tony like he's a little bit insane and nodding down the road. "Come on, it's this way."
I stick close to Tony's side as we move swiftly towards a large beige tent. "Thanks for the tip on Blythe," I say, glancing up at him, still wanting more information but acknowledging this as a start. "And for keeping tabs on my family calendar." "Anytime," Tony murmurs, smirking at me as he reaches for the tent flap and lifts it, bowing dramatically.
I follow Luca, ducking inside with Tony coming in after, my mind turning about how to get a minute alone with Rafe and Jesse to fill them in. I'm starting to get a very, very bad feeling about whatever is happening with Redman Blythe and my sister - and I'm deeply regretting that I've put off making this a priority until now.
"Hi!" Luca says to the woman behind the table at the front of the tent. I glance up at him, sufficiently distracted from my worries when I see that he's putting on his best mega-wat smile. I laugh a little, looking at the woman and seeing that she is a little bit dazed, staring at him - either star-struck or immediately crushing on my pretty-boy mate.
"Um, what is it that you need?" the woman asks, looking anxiously between the three of us, even though her eyes move eagerly back to Luca's face.
Luca leans forward and clearly explains our problem, gesturing towards me and my comparatively tiny frame. I laugh a little when I see the woman's dazed expression as Luca speaks, his dimples flaring, and I wonder passively if she's processing any of this or if she's just lost in Luca's rather magnetic pull.
Tony, at my side, just rolls his eyes, making me laugh.
"Jealous," I murmur, elbowing him in the side.
"Completely," he acknowledges.
"You're pretty too, Tones!" I say, laughing, meaning it. Honestly, Tony isn't as pretty as Luca or as stunning as Jackson, but as far as boys go? There's something quite nice about his lanky frame, his easy smite, his sharp grey eyes. 
"Can't make 'em fall at my feet like he can, though, can I?" Tony murmurs, nodding over at Luca. I shrug like it's not that big of a deal because Tony has his own great traits. If I were him, I wouldn't be trading them in for anything Luca has. 
"Um," the woman says, turning her eyes to consider me with a grimace when Luca finishes outlining the problem. "I'm honestly not sure we have anything...at all that smalki mean, we were told to
ov
expect... Alphas." 
"He's a mini Alpha," Tony says, grinning and resting his arm on my shoulder as I scowl. "Pocket-sized for quick deployment."
"Um, I can look?" she says, grimacing and turning towards the back.
Luca nods, again giving her that devastating smile as she turns towards the back of the tent, seeing what she can do.
"I need Daphne," I sigh. "She'd fix me up good."
"You're developing quite the entourage, Clark," Luca says, grinning at me and ensorcelling me a bit in turn with his bright brown eyes. "Seriously, you can't go anywhere without your personal seamstress?" "Oh, I'm not that spoiled," I say, laughing and reaching out to swat him on the arm.
A muffled crash comes from the back of the tent as well as a little yell of surprise and then a curse from the woman. We all turn towards it, mildly concerned.
"Sounds like she dropped some stuff," Luca murmurs. "I'll go help her out."
I nod to him, turning back to Tony as Luca swiftly moves around the table and towards the back of the tent.
"So, what are you going to send your poor forgotten sister for her birthday?" Tony asks, grinning at me, clearly not letting me off the hook.
###Chapter 0700
"Tony!" I sigh, slipping out from beneath his arm and swatting him in turn. "I already feel horrible about that, you can't -" "What the hell are you doing here?" Tony snaps, interrupting me and frowning over my shoulder towards the entrance.
I turn suddenly, surprised, and blink in the sunlight coming through the tent flap, silhouetting a figure standing there.
When he drops the flap my mouth falls open in surprise to see Perry Gibson standing there, his mouth drawn into a straight, determined line. He doesn't say anything.
Tony goes rigid, stepping slightly in front of me. "Don't come another step closer, Gibson."
"I have work to do," Gibson growls. My eyes go wide when he speaks and I see his extended canines flash.
"Here to finish Wright's job?" Tony snarls. "Always the fucking lackey, Gibson -"
My heart starts to pound even as Tony steps fully in front of me, as my eyes dart between them. No - there's no way - Gibson always tried to calm Wright down - always the voice of reason - "No," Gibson snarls, his eyes shifting to me. "This isn't for Wright. This is for Atalaxia."
Then he moves.
Gibson darts fast towards us as a panicked shout breaks from my lips, knives slipping from his sleeves and into his hand. Faster than should be possible, he's across the tent to me, dodging around Tony, slashing. My hands are up, blocking the blow, and I scream as I feel the knife rip across my palms. Instantly flames erupt somewhere in front of me - but I'm too panicked to aim - don't know what they're catching on - There's a guttural yell and suddenly Tony is knocking me backwards, knives in his own hands as Gibson comes again. They move too fast to see, grappling wildly, until there's a shout of pain and a groan as Tony's body comes flying back, slamming into mine, taking me to the ground.
I scream as my back hits hard, Tony's body sprawled over mine. Tony gasps, thick and wet, reaching for his throat -
But the flash of steel above me draws my attention upwards as it arcs down towards my face.
I scream again, shoving hard at Tony on top of me, trying to get away, feeling something wet seep all over me -
A sudden roar distracts from all
other sounds, all other motion, and the steel flashes to the side before a wild brown blur flashes before my vision snarling and hurling itself into Gibson, knocking him down to the ground. 
"Tony!" I scream, doing my best to sit up, baffled by all the wet - all the warm, wet... "Luca!"
Tony goes still, his hands falling to his side, and finally manage to shove him enough to sit up, panting, my eyes flashing around the tent as the woman working the counter screams too - but it's all happening so fast, too fast to process it all - 
My hands grapple for Tony, trying to see if he's okay - but my eyes move instinctually to Luca's wolf form as he stands panting and snarling with small flames flickering behind him, his face and jaws covered in blood, his body heaving over Gibson's limp form, a ragged hole where his neck used to be. 
But Tony -
Tony still doesn't move, doesn't get up, doesn't look - doesn't see what I'm seeing.
"Tony!" I whisper, sitting up further, grabbing for him, finally looking down.
But I still when I look down at the boy who stepped in front of me, who saved my life. Because all I see is red.
Red, just...everywhere.
Red all over my hands, my clothes - red all over him, his face, his pale skin -
Red, where Gibson slashed him across the neck.
Red smeared across his face, his cheeks - his eyelids, which have fallen shut.
"Tony," I whisper, my whole body starting to tremble as I stare down at his empty face, at the wound across his throat still pulsing blood.
And then I gasp and grab for my friend as Luca transforms again and falls to his knees before us, reaching out a hand for Tony's throat, clasping his palm against it like he can do something to stop the flow. "Medic!" Luca screams, panicked, his eyes flashing up to the woman behind us. "Get a fucking medic! Now!"
###Chapter 0701
I moan in horror as the tent floods with people, as they stomp out the lingering flames and try to pull Tony's body away from me. I scream against it, holding onto him, not wanting to let him out of my sight.
But Luca is there, crouching behind me, murmuring to me to let him go - to let the doctors help him to unclench my hands that are clinging to Tony's uniform. Luca's words don't register with me for a moment as the medics come flying in, as people begin to shout to notify the command about the dead Cadet on the floor, about what they assume was a fight that broke out -
But Luca's hands are calm on mine, and he slips his fingers beneath mine and unfolds them -
And then they lift Tony, and they take him away.
And I completely lose my mind.
I scream out all of the horror and fear that's racing through my body, through my blood.
How-how can the whole world have fallen apart in thirty seconds -
Gibson - Atalaxia - flashes of knives coming right for my face - the sting of the cuts across my palms -
Tony in front of me - Luca's roar and his fangs - and then blood -
Blood, everywhere. Blood all over my friend, blood still all over me.
"I've got you, Ari," Luca murmurs to me, pulling me up into his arms and then up off the floor, his whole body shaking as he does, as I cry and sob out what sounds like an endless wail.
"You need to stay right the fuck where you are," a superior officer commands, putting a hand out to Luca. "This is not finished -"
I just sob, turning my face into Luca's chest.
"I'm taking him to the king," Luca snarls, pushing past, pushing through people -
"You're taking him fucking nowhere -" the officer shouts.
But suddenly the flaps fly open again and more people come flying in - tall men, their scents so familiar.
"Ari!" Jackson barks, sending people flying as he shoves them out of his way, crossing the tent to me with Rafe and Jesse and my father in his wake.
"She's fine," Luca says, his voice trembling as he steps towards our group. I moan, reaching for my father, wanting his steady presence, and Luca only hesitates for a second before passing me over into my father's arms. "What happened?" Rafe barks, glaring around at everyone, going still as he sees Gibson's body on the ground and the blood-
A great deal of blood - far more than could be produced by one boy.
"I'm going," dad growls to Rafe.
"Handle this. Get answers. Report to
me." He turns, sharp, heading immediately for the entrance as I curl tight against his chest. I call my mates as my father carries me out, begging them to come with me, feeling it when they both comply, silently following my father as he carries me down the path between the military tents. As we go, we leave a path of Tony's blood in our wake as it slowly drips from my sodden clothes. 
Hours later, I still can't stop crying.
I sit on the little bed set up for my father in the command tent, my clothing changed, my hands freshly bandaged in white linen, Jackson by my side and Luca seated on the ground at my feet.
The entire tent is silent except for
the soft sound of my sniffing as tears slip unendingly down my cheeks. Jackson keeps a hand steadily on my back, his wolf curled defensively around mine in my souls, snarling at every sound. 
Otherwise, though, we sit in silence.
Luca and I already briefed everyone three times on what happened, or what we think happened.
Now the only thing to do is...wait.
Ridiculous. It all feels so ridiculous to just...sit here, while Tony is somewhere else, dying or dead because he saved me.
Ridiculous that someone came and softly cared for and bandaged my hands. That I took a fucking shower and washed all his blood away, that I'm clean and nice, my hair freshly braided with my mates warmat my side. 
And Tony... Tony's not.
I sniff harder, thinking that it's not worth it. That it wasn't worth it - not for me. Not if we lose him.
A horrible, terrified moan slips from my lips.
"Stop thinking like that," Luca pleads, turning his sad brown eyes up to me. "Tony made his choice. He was -"
But Jackson just growls at him, low, and Luca sighs and turns his face down.
My heart reaches out to Luca, too, because I owe my life to him as well. He took a life for me - something that can't not leave a stain on his soul.
Grief hits me again, because I owe so much to all of them. To everyone. Debts I'll never be able to pay.
I hang my head, tears starting again, and Jackson tilts me towards him, letting me rest against his chest.
###Chapter 0702
We all turn towards the entrance, though me going stock straight with fear - when the flap lifts and a silhouette appears. I shy away from it, remembering again Gibson's dark form against the door - "It's just me," Jesse says, seeing my fear and reaching out a hand for me as he steps into the tent. "It's all right, Ariel."
Shaking a little, sniffing hard, I straighten up. "Is Tony okay?"
Jesse's face falls a little as he steps into the tent and lets the flap fall, slipping his hands into his pockets. "It's not good, cousin."
I moan, my head falling. Jackson snarls again and I hear Jesse sigh at Jackson's implicit command to stop saying things that upset me. But I shake my head, declining to be coddled, because I need to know. "They don't think he's going to survive?" I ask.
Jesse sighs, deep. "They don't know," he murmurs.
"Is mom coming?" I raise my eyes to my cousin, desperate for him to say yes.
But Jesse just pauses and looks at me, I think deciding what to say.
I flash my teeth, a growl building in my chest alongside my demand.
He just sighs and shrugs. "I don't know, Ari. They didn't tell me."
I clench my jaw, frustrated, and look away.
The flap opens again and two nearly identical dark heads appear. I sit up straighter, looking between my father and my brother. "Is he okay?"
Dad just sighs and snaps his fingers at Jackson and Luca, demanding a little space so he can sit and talk to me. Luca immediately gets to his feet but Jackson hesitates.
Dad huffs a laugh but then raises an eyebrow at Jackson, who swallows his growl and stands, taking two short steps to the side and leaving a space on the bed for my father to fill. Dad smiles just slightly, I think liking Jackson's protective instinct, even if it is mildly inconvenient sometimes. Then dad sighs and sits on the bed with me, putting an arm around me and pulling it close. 
"We don't have any updates on Anton, my dear," dad murmurs, pulling me close. "I'm sorry. The doctors say it's very critical, but they're doing their best to save him."
I fight hard against the moan that tightens my throat and nod my head, knowing that my grief won't help anything and that dad didn't come here just to tell me that.
"I'm sorry, love," dad murmurs, holding me close. "I never wanted this for you. I knew how deeply it would sink into your heart."
I nod, unable to deny it. Because, I mean, everyone else has seemed to hold it together very well while I am going to pieces.
But then again, nobody sacrificed themselves to save them today. So perhaps I have more reason to go to pieces.
The flap raises again and Roger comes inside, looking around the tent with a stern expression, the cheerful and funny man from this morning completely wiped away. My eyes fall to the set of battle gear tucked under his arm.
"The question is," Roger says with no preamble, "why that boy attacked now. If he's been some kind of sleeper spy for Atalaxia from the beginning, why would he have waited until today? And why attempt to take out Ariel, when he'd have had the chance to take out Rafe and Jesse for months when they seemed like the more powerful of the Sinclair Cadets?"
"It's true," Jesse murmurs, crossing his arms and looking at his dad. "We've all been wary around Wright, but I never gave a thought to Gibson. He's just been a little...toad. Hopping around, completely innocuous."
"Which made him a great sleeper agent," Rafe murmurs. "Absolutely below suspicion."
I sniff hard, angry at myself for not asking these questions first. But my mind - it's so soaked in grief, so bogged down that I don't think I can think of...anything, let alone theories and motives.
Jackson's wolf turns in a tight,
protective circle around mine,
growling at me, angry that I'd
critique myself in a time like this. My
wolf howls and stumbles into him,
ducking her head beneath his,
wanting to be close and still and
warm. Jackson's wolf complies with her demands, standing strong, dipping his head lower brush his muzzle warm against hers, letting her know that she's safe. 
Or, as safe as she can be.
"That boy must have known," dad murmurs, looking around at the rest of our group. "Must have known, somehow, that Ariel is growing more powerful, becoming central to our attack plans. Which means either that we've got a spy in our midst or that the boy was just good at his job and figured it out himself." Dad shrugs. "Either way..." he sighs, shaking his head. "We have to assume that Atalaxia now knows
the threat that Ariel poses to them.
And that they're trying to take her out." 
###Chapter 0703
Luca's head snaps up. "So that's it, then, right? We get her out of here, now? Lock her away in a bunker somewhere until we blow that entire nation to pieces?"
"As tempting as that sounds," dad murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair, "we can't risk it. Any individual truck leaving the battlefield now will be a major target. They know we're launching an offensive tonight - they'll be watching for changes, watching us try to sneak her out of here." I sigh, feeling completely out of my depth and very, very tired, my mind hardly able to turn from any thoughts except worry for my friend dying somewhere in this camp.
Alone, apparently.
Why is he alone? Why are none of our friends there with him?
I scowl, lifting my head, glaring around the room.
Ben, Jackson murmurs directly into my mind, sensing my worry. We sent for Ben. He's there with him now.
I pause for a moment, considering this, but then I nod, mollified.
"So, what the hell do we do?" Jesse asks, glaring around the room.
"Well, none of you hot heads are going to like it," Roger snaps, crossing his arms. "But the best move here is to make no changes."
Rafe growls, proving Roger correct. "We are not sending Ariel out to -"
"Look, they don't have enough firepower to blow up this entire camp, or else they would have done it," Roger snaps. "But if this boy got orders from them to attack Ariel specifically, then we have to assume that they know the basics of what we have planned at least. Any changes to that basic plan are going to be us panicking and trying to get her out of here. Any deviations are going to be a massive target."
"I can't believe this," Rafe groans, turning and tilting his head back as he covers his face with his hands. "I can't believe you want to send Ariel to battle after this -"
I sit up straight, surprised. Seriously? Is...is that what they want to do?
Soft snarls come from both Jackson and Luca, who vehemently oppose the idea.
But Jesse just sighs, looking at me evenly, watching and waiting to see my reaction. "Ari?"
I tilt my head up and look at my father, wanting his guidance, knowing he'll know what best to do.
He sighs and looks down at me. "You're all grown up, Ariel, and a soldier," he murmurs. "You make your own choices now. My instinct is to pin you to my side where you'll be safe, but Roger is right - the safest place for you may be to blend in with the other Cadets in a nondescript part of the line."
Luca continues to growl but everyone else goes quiet, waiting for me to make a decision.
I take a long, shaky breath, and close my eyes, forcing my sluggish mind to think.
But even as I do, I already know what I want.
I want a clear head. I want Tony alive and by my side, where he belongs, a part of my team. I want to kick Atalaxian ass for even trying to stop me.
And while I can't have one of those things right now, I can have the other.
"I want to go out into the field," I whisper, giving a nod.
Several protesting snarls break out in the room, but I ignore them.
"As nice as it would be to hide in dad's shadow and stay safe right now," I continue, opening my eyes and looking around, “I made a promise to this nation. I want fight Pony would fight. Tony would kick my ass if I gave up the chance tomake a difference because I was crying too hard." 
Uncle Roger smirks at me, his pride clear on his face, and dad tightens his arm around me. "That's my girl," he whispers.
Roger comes forward quietly, offering me the battle gear under his arm.
I sigh and grimly accept it, tracing my fingers over the vest as I look down at it, noting that it's still the wrong size. "I think I need to be out there," I murmur. "To help defeat the people who tried to kill me. Who hurt my friend." Inside my chest, I feel both Jackson and Luca's wolves growl, a mixture of worry and pride in their grumbling fury.
The battlefield is dark when our
transport finally brings us to our point on the field. When the vehicle stops, Rafe and Jesse are the first out, pushing back the doors and ordering the gathered mass of our Academy Cadet troops down and quickly into place by the huge anti-aircraft guns that are already here waiting for us to operate. 
Luca and Jackson are by my side, of course, refusing to be elsewhere, as we move towards the back of the truck. Rafe looks worriedly at me as he holds out a hand for me, offering to help me down. I just swat it away, hopping down like everyone else.
"Stop fussing," I mutter, too tired to muster real anger. "I'm fine."
Rafe just rolls his eyes and moves
on as Jesse Barks out orders for where everyone should stand. I look around as I move with my mates to the center of the formation, adjusting my too-large body armor as go, staring around at the black sky and all the stars scattered above
it. 
I mean, it's a gorgeous night. Almost too gorgeous for the kind of violence that my nation is planning to rain down on our enemies. But I can't find even an ounce of pity or regret in my heart for that - not now, not after today.
###Chapter 0704
When Jackson, Luca and I find our spots, Jackson passes me a pair of binoculars from around his neck. "Check it out," he murmurs.
I frown up at him and then do as I'm told, looking through the lenses, observing the cliff's edge in front of me where the Atalaxians have entrenched - a spot which they've been defending for months and which, tonight, we plan to break. To my surprise, while the sky is bright and shining on our side, clouds hang low over the Atalaxian cliff, lightening striking every few minutes. "Oh, holy crap," I murmur, lowering the binoculars and passing them to Luca so he can see too. "Is that...is that Cora's doing?"
"I think so," Jackson says, glancing at me. "I mean, it wouldn't do any good to spread that news widely - Cora's powers aren't well known. But I know I'd rather fight dry than sodden and constantly worried that I'm going to be hit from a bolt from the sky." "Speaking of which," Jesse says, coming up from behind us as Rafe finishes getting our set of troops into position and sending the transport van off. "Mind juicing me up, Jacks?"
"You got it," Jacks murmurs, reaching for my hand. Jesse places his hand on the back of my neck, knowing a little contact will do it, and I sigh in a bit of relief when Jackson's energy hits. I've been so, so tired all day since Gibson's attack - the energy feels good coursing through my veins.
I fill up my own reserves before passing some to Jesse. Then I turn to Luca with a frown. "You want to try it?"
"Try what?" he asks, frowning at me.
""Energy," I say, tilting my head towards Jackson. "From Jacks."
Luca hesitates but Jackson just smirks at him, which seems to rile something. "Fine," Luca snarls, grabbing my hand. "I mean, nothing's going to happen, but -"
His eyes go wide, his words falling short, when the energy begins to flow into him. I turn my head, interested, because honestly I wasn't sure that that would work.
"You sure you don't have magic, man?" Jacks asks, leaning around me to frown at Luca. "I didn't think this would work if you don't."
"I...I mean, I don't," Luca mutters, even as he shivers at the energy now coursing through him. When I feel him filling up - faster than Rafe and Jesse do I cut off the supply and turn to nod at Jackson, letting him know that's enough.
Jacks nods to me and gives my hand a squeeze, even if no more energy comes through. When I turn to Luca again he's just staring at me, shocked and confused.
"We'll talk to Cora," I whisper, nodding to him. "Don't be afraid. We'll get to the bottom of it."
Luca exhales, long and slow, nodding. Then we all turn our eyes to Rafe as he moves to the front of the massed group of Cadets, looking every inch the commander as he stands in front of us all with his hands neatly placed behind his back, his face stern.
"The Commanders and Generals
have assured me that it's unlikely that we'll see any part of this assault tonight," Rafe calls out, his voice booming over us. "However, should we see any action I expect you all to perform admirably to turn the enemy. It's imperative that we have a successful assault tonight. I expect you all to do what you can, up to and including giving your lives, if it is necessary. As I will." 
We're all silent for a moment and I close my eyes, letting my mind drift just for a moment to Tony to his dark sense of humor, his wry smile, his canny observations and his easy laugh swallow hard, loving him, praying that he's all right, knowing that he already did what Rafe has already asked of all of us.
Even if he is still alive, he was willing to give his life for this cause - so that I could survive to fight the Atalaxians, weapon that I am.
And as I open my eyes again and focus on my brother, I know that Tony was right to do it, even as guilt pounds in every beat of my heart. Because I am powerful, and this war needs me, even if we are in a small and negligible portion of the battlefield tonight.
On the next battlefield, I will be central to the attack.
And I'm only here to do it because of Anton Davis. My father was wrong when he said tonight that it would be me that saved us all - it's Tony that did that.
"For our Nation and our people!" Rafe barks out, raising a fist above his head.
Together, we raise our own fists. The rest of the Cadets repeat Rafe's words, but only say my friend's name. Jackson glances down at me, grief in his eyes as well, and I allow myselfa moment to press my shoulder against his arm. He
clenches his jaw, resisting a very strong urge to pull me against him, to hold me tight. 
As if on cue, an orange explosion flares in the distance, the huge boom resounding a moment later.
And I inhale a deep breath, because whether or not I'm ready for it, the attack has begun.
###Chapter 0705
I watch with a great deal of awe as the assault begins.
Planes and helicopters fly from some airfield behind us and over our heads, moving fast for the Atalaxian cliff. As I watch the storm clouds above the cliff begin to retreat, making space for the planes. The Atalaxian front seems almost to steel itself as little black dots begin to fall from our aircraft, drifting down towards the earth, looking almost...benign. Like little flies, or birds.
I jump when they begin to explode, surprised by the amount of light and noise when the Atalaxian front seems so far away. Jackson leans closer to me, lending his support. I glance up at Luca, who like me just stares in awe. The bombs fail to do much at first, seeming to explode almost...above the entrenched forces on the cliffside.
"Do they...do they have some kind of barrier?" I whisper, looking up at Jacks as Rafe strides along our line of Cadets, ensuring that both people and anti-aircraft guns are ready. "Is that why the bombs aren't landing?"
"Yes," Jackson replies, glancing down at me. "They have some kind of powerful magic that allows them to build - I don't know, the commanders keep calling it a forcefield? It's not impregnable, but it's tough. There -" He lifts his left hand and points to the cliff. I turn my eyes back to it, peering close.
"See?" Jackson says. "There at the center - the bombs are starting to get through. It takes a great deal of firepower but...well, we're ready for that tonight."
I nod, still watching, fascinated to see that Jackson is right. The bombs were exploding above the Atalaxian forces and buildings a few moments ago, but now they're falling further and hitting the ground, leaving significant damage. And more bombs continue to fall.
Time passes as the sky blooms orange and purple and red, but I hardly notice it, fascinated as I am by the battle unfolding before me. Jackson helps to narrate things and I notice Luca listening too as he tells us about the plan to keep up a constant assault, to overwhelm them with a barrage of firepower that we haven't used before.
"Won't this deplete our resources?" Luca murmurs, glancing over at Jacks.
"Yup," Jackson says, glancing back. "It's a little like the all-or-nothing plan you came up with when we read that first map together, Luc. The more conservative path we were taking before wasn't working either. This war is ending within the next few months either way. So, Moon Valley is going all out."
"Shit," Luca murmurs, shaking his head and turning back towards the skies.
I feel precisely the same, swallowing through the thick lump in my throat.
Then my
eyes go wide as I see aircraft begin to move from the Atalaxian side as well, lifting into the air and beginning to engage the aerial assault - and then to move beyond it. 
Towards those of us holding this outer line.
"Ready!" Rafe barks out, his voice carrying naturally over our gathered troops.
The Cadets all bark back an affirmation and I set my shoulders, keeping my eyes carefully on the skies as the Cadets around me
begin to man the gigantic guns to
which we've been assigned
I start when I see that. "What?" I gasp, turning half around. "Am I supposed to be doing something?"
"Not you," Jacks murmurs, putting a hand on my shoulder and turning me back. "You weren't trained on those."
"Were you?" I sputter out, looking up at him.
He frowns at me. "What did you think we were doing all day in Warrior track?"
"Punching each other!" I reply, perfectly honest.
He laughs shortly at me and shakes his head. "We do more than that, Clark."
"Do you know how to use that thing?" I ask Luca, pointing at the closest gun which I'm shocked to see Jesse climbing all over, barking orders at his fellow Cadets.
"Sure," he says, giving a shrug as my
mouth fatts open. "But tonight I've just been assigned to hang out with you." He takes my hand and gives it a squeeze. "You're more powerful than any of those, anyway. 
I sigh, supposing that that's true.
But a flash of light in the air ahead of us has my attention snapping back to the battle in the distance. And then up into the sky, where a pounding sound starts to echo.
###Chapter 0706
"Troops!" Rafe barks out, clearly seeing what I'm seeing - what we all are. "Ready!"
"I" I stutter, anxiety and adrenaline starting to race through me as my eyes focus properly on the two huge helicopters heading directly for us. "I thought we weren't supposed to see action -"
"We weren't," Jackson snarls, falling into a fighting stance that's clearly muscle memory in the face of a threat, like he's ready to pounce into the air and take the helicopters down himself. "It doesn't make sense to attack this part of the line..." "Either way," Luca says, soft and confident, "they're coming."
"Hold!" Rafe shouts, his voice still echoing powerful and strong as he moves to stand just before me, falling back into line so he's not an obvious target. "Hold!"
He holds an arm out like he could physically hold the troops back. My breath starts to pant as I look frantically around at all the warrior-track Cadets, who all look so much calmer than me.
But of course they are - they've been preparing for this -
"And...." Rafe says, bending forward a little, staring at the helicopters that swiftly approach, growing larger and larger as the milliseconds pass.
"What's he waiting for," I whisper, my eyes darting between my two mates.
"For them to be close enough to hit," Jackson replies, his words a fierce snarl that I know is not for me.
"NOW!" Rafe screams, dropping his hand, and the guns on either side of me explode.
I shout at the noise, jumping into the air and covering my ears. Jackson and Luca each reach out a calming hand towards me, Jackson's landing on my shoulder while Luca's goes to the small of my back. But I look at neither of them, my eyes instead on the bullets filling the air.
Two kinds, I realize - huge one-shot shells that fly directly for the helicopters and then a constant spray of smaller bullets -
I stop breathing as I watch the shells arch high - but they miss -
They all fucking miss -
"Reload!" Rafe shouts.
The smaller bullets begin to hit the helicopters in tiny sparks but the helicopters keep coming - protected either by excellent design or some kind of forcefield -
The Cadets scramble to reload the
larger guns and another is fired, the
shell soaring past the helicopter closest to us - but it's too late. We can all see it - it's too late - the helicopters are too close to
-
And they, too, begin to open fire.
us now
I gasp in fear as bullets begin to spray, hitting the ground in front of all of us. There are shouts of fear - perhaps even pain -
As my fellow Cadets - my schoolmates - begin to be hit -
A vision of Tony, bloody and senseless in my lap, flashes before my eyes.
"No," I snart, stepping forward,
grabbing Luca and Jackson's hands where they are on my body, determined. "JESSE!" I scream, my eyes on the helicopters that come ever nearer. "HERE! NOW!" 
But I don't wait for him - there's no time.
Instead I just focus on the first helicopter in front of me, my lips pulled back in a horrible snarl, my canines extended.
I pull hard on Jackson's gift, making him gasp.
And I smile as the first helicopter flying towards us bursts into a ball of flames.
The Cadets in our line jump, confused, and Rafe spins to me in shock. But then Jesse's here, reaching for me, and when his fingers brush the back of my neck I feel his power join mine.
The flames in the sky instantly turn
black as the Atalaxian helicopter crashes to the ground in a help of twisted steel and ash. But I use Luca's wind to pull that black fire upward in a huge whirlwind, a
swirling orb of fire in the air And I let it hang there, waiting. 
Until the second helicopter, unsuspecting, flies directly into it.
The explosion is deafening, and I squeeze my mates' hands as I grit my teeth.
But there is nothing but a cool, vicious sense of victory in my heart as that helicopter, too, hits the ground.
"Holy shit," Rafe whispers as the guns around us go silent.
###Chapter 0707
"Ari," Jesse whispers, equally awed, starting to take his fingers away.
"No," I growl, leaning back, wanting to maintain contact. "Look."
I lift my chin upwards to the sky, where through the rising smoke we can see more helicopters coming. Four of them.
Rafe glances at me and then touches the radio at his ear, relaying back to our father at the base the events of the attack. I keep my eyes on the approaching Atalaxian forces as a Cadet runs over to Rafe, glancing anxiously at me as he reports casualties amongst the Cadets and requests medics. Rafe orders him to call for aid and then turns to me as the Cadet runs away.
"How are you?" he barks out, his eyes sweeping over me, assessing.
"I'm fine," I snarl, keeping my eyes on the sky, a cold thrill running through me as I see that these helicopters are likewise heading right for us.
Rafe grabs my chin, trying to force me to look at him, but I just pull it away, keeping my eyes on the sky.
He barks my name again and I glance at him once. "They're coming Rafe," I growl.
"Can you do that again, Ari?" he snaps, all business.
I nod. "That and more."
"And you three?" Rafe asks, clearly addressing Luca, Jackson, and Jesse now. "We're good?"
They all murmur in the affirmative.
"All right, then," Rafe murmurs, stepping back in front of the group and turning towards our classmates - all of whom are terribly confused about how the hell we knocked down two Atalaxian war choppers without landing a single shot from the guns. "Hold fire!" Rafe shouts out at the Cadets. "I want these guns quiet! We're going to play possum for a bit, lure them in."
The Cadets hesitate only for a moment before barking out the affirmative.
Rafe steps back close to me. "All right, trouble," he murmurs. "When they get close enough, you take them down."
"Oh, I don't think so," I murmur, staring unblinking into the skies.
And then, without my brother's permission, I send my fire out to meet the enemy.
I pull further on Jackson's gift, letting the fire rage and feeling a strong pulse of joy and pride coming from him to see me work. Jesse sends more shadows forward, likewise pulling on Jackson's power through me to fuel them.
When it's enough, I increase Luca's wind, splitting the dark inferno before us into two whirlwinds that I send out into the night, heading right for the enemy.
And as my magic plows forward into the darkness, hungry for the taste of metal, for something to burn, I'm shocked at how...
God, how easy it is.
The fire responds to me as if it's more than some creature at my beck and call - as if it's me. And I can feel feel the taste of the air
as the fire and the wind rushes through it, feel the hum of the helicopter as my power races for them. 
"Can you...can you see it?" Rafe murmurs, leaning forward, peering into the dark. "The magic, the fire?"
"No," Jackson murmurs, casually handing him the binoculars from his neck. "I can feel it, though. I know where it is through her."
"Same," Jesse murmurs. Luca nods, and Rafe glances at us like we're all insane.
"Watch now," I murmur, a smirk pulling at my lip as my twin whirlwinds finally meet their quarry. There a flash of flame in the sky and a huge booming explosion before
the darkness takes them, pore
in
mouth falls open as the first chopper goes down and then the second, as my dark tornados twist in the air, almost reaching for the third and the fourth, pulling them into the swirling mass of punishing heat and consuming them at once, hurling the charred remains to the ground.
I want to - I want to hurt them.
My chest heaves a little as I keep the tornados out there turning, read for whatever is next - not because it's hard or because I'm tired, but because I want more.
I'm well aware that I'm killing people - that these are not just anonymous drones being sent by Atalaxian forces, but instead manned by real people with homes and families. But somehow, right now, I just - I can't care.
###Chapter 0708
My wolf instantly pounces on the small part of me that wonders if that makes me a monster, snarling her fury at the thought. And she is right-
The Atalaxians, they started this war twenty years ago, they began their attack just when my father took his throne because they knew we were already weak. And it's unlikely that they expected us to stand for more than twenty years, but they continue their pursuit because they want us.
They want Moon Valley's rich resources and our beautiful land, of course, but they also want our people. They want to bend us to their will and their ways, to enslave our women to their ridiculous concepts of femininity, to use everything that makes us a rich and vibrant nation to feed their empowered class, their royal family.
They have already taken so much from us. They've hurt my friend.
And now they're trying to take me.
Because I'm not a fool - I know who these helicopters are after. Gibson - he knew, somehow, what I could do. And these helicopters are attacking this part of the line because they know, again, somehow, precisely where I'm standing. So let them come.
And I'll show them the consequences of trying to hurt me and the ones I love.
I will take them all down one by one if I have to burn myself out to do it.
"Give 'em hell," Jackson snarls, squeezing my hand, and my fires flare just as four more helicopters appear in the distance.
"Do you even need me to pretend to give you orders?" Rafe murmurs, glancing at me.
I glance back and don't say anything. I mean, I don't want him to feel useless but...we both know the answer to that.
"Dad," Rafe says, raising a hand to the headpiece on his ear. "I would suggest that you...watch this."
The helicopters fall as easily as the first six, my fires laying in darkness, waiting to spring up and take them down.
Four planes come after that and they're craftier, dodging the flames at first, perhaps having learned to use heat-seaking technology in order to see my magic.
But it doesn't matter - Luca's winds move faster than the planes can fly.
They, too, fall to the join the others in the charred and steaming graveyard that used to be an empty landscape before us.
We wait for more, but half an hour passes and Rafe orders me to pull the whirlwinds back.
I hesitate, glancing at him, not sure -
"
"You're burning Jackson's energy," Rafe murmurs, giving me a little glare that clearly lets me know that I'm pushing it that he's already let me step outside of the command a lot tonight. 
"I'm good," Jackson murmurs.
"I said to pull back," Rafe snaps, glaring at him too. "You can start them again if we need them. Right now, we're reserving our resources and not giving the Atalaxians a chance to figure out what the hell we've got going on."
Realizing that that's a good point, I sigh and drop Luca's wind, letting the flames fall to the ground. Then I cut Jackson's power and feel Jesse's shadows pulling away.
I let my head drop, closing my eyes and taking in a deep breath as I drop my mates' hands.
To my surprise, my cousin wraps
me in a hug from behind, pulling me back against his chest and pressing a discreet kiss to my cap. "That was amazing, trouble," he murmurs. "You doing okay?" 
en FindNovel
"Yeah, I'm all right," I sigh, smiling a little and leaning my weight against him. "Your shadows were cool. Were they...were they sharks today?"
He laughs a little. "Yeah, I was trying something new," he murmurs.
"You were thinking about Tony," I whisper, tears again pressing at my lashes. "With the water."
"Yeah," he sighs, tucking his mouth close to my ear so only I can hear him. "I was. Don't tell anyone though, okay? I don't want people figuring out that I have a heart."
"Oh, Jess," I sigh, standing up and turning my head to give him as big a smile I can - which isn't much. "Stop kidding yourself - we all already know."
###Chapter 0709
Jackson lets out a sharp, impatient snarl, and Jesse laughs, giving me a little shove towards him. "All right, all right, I'm sorry, take him."
I stumble forward a step into Jackson's arms, where I'm wrapped up tight. "You're being very indiscreet, you know," I murmur, wrapping my arms as far as they'll go around his waist. "People are going to figure out that you're in love with the Shrimp." "Who cares," he says, utterly dismissive. "They'll still be scared of me. And you now, too."
I lift my head to grin up at him and then push away, turning for Luca, who is waiting.
"That was really cool," he whispers, folding me into his arms in turn. "I mean, I know it was violent but...I could feel it, Ari." He shakes his head as he lowers it to mine. His wolf anxiously paces at the other end of our bond and mine crosses it to him, pressing herself warm to his side, pleased to be there and pleased that he's open to us in this moment.
"I think you have magic, Luc," I whisper. "I think...I think it's more than just us."
"I know," he sighs, shaking his head. "And just when I thought I couldn't get any cooler..."
I grin, looking up at him, very pleased to see him start to embrace this part of himself instead of being afraid of it. "We'll figure it out, you know."
"I know," he whispers, nodding down at me.
"Okay, come on, it's still an active battle," Rafe says, snapping his fingers at me and Luca with a frown, one hand on his earpiece, clearly listening to some sort of report coming through. "Eyes on the horizon, kids."
"Don't call me kid, I'm older than you," Luca murmurs, smirking at Rafe.
"Then act it," Rafe bites back, giving Luca a little glare and turning away. But then Rafe turns back with a little frown. "Also, I'm still bigger than you so...fall in line, Grant."
I smirk and roll my eyes as I look up at Luca. "Alpha bullshit? On the battlefield?"
"Where else?" he asks, smirking back at me.
"Here, eat something." Jackson murmurs, stepping close and holding a granola bar out to me.
"What?" I ask, looking up at him.
He just growls deep in his chest.
I sigh, looking down at the wrapped food. "Jacks, I'm really not hungry -"
"You haven't eaten a damn thing all day, Ariel," he snarls, holding out the bar more insistently. "I'm going to watch you eat that. And then you're going to drink water. And then you can blow up more helicopters. But not before." 
I wrinkle my nose and purse my lips as I look up at him, not liking being bossed like this. But he just raises an eyebrow and I take the granola bar, unwrapping it and taking a petulant bite. "Thank you," he murmurs, looking away towards the horizon for both of us and stroking his broad, heavy palm over my head as he does.
I sigh, standing between my mates, and likewise turn towards the horizon as I eat my snack.
The three of us stand just like that, vigilant, for hours.
The Atalaxians don't send any more
helicopters for our particular little set of troops, I guess figuring out that it's a surprisingly well-defended position and a dead end. As dawn approaches, the assaults on the Atalaxian entrenchment slow and then stop. A huge number of trucks, tanks, and other miliary vehicles begin to cross the plain before us - clearly visible in the growing light. 
"What...what does this mean?" I ask quietly, watching them.
"It means we won," Jesse says softly at my side.
I look to him with wide eyes. "What?"
-
He nods to me, his face quite serious. "This was the second part of the plan - sending troops to occupy that land mass once the Atalaxians have retreated so they can't re-take it. This means we pushed them back."
I exhale in a long rush of air, turning back to the horizon. But with my relief comes exhaustion. "That's good," I whisper, nodding.
"Very good," my cousin returns.
I glance over at him. "This was big, wasn't it?" I ask, soft. "If we had lost this..."
Jesse glances at me from the

corner of his eye. "If we had lost this," he murmurs, "we'd have been swearing allegiance to a very different King today. And losing our titles, which doesn't work for me." He sighs, huffy, trying to make me smile. "I don't do commoner." 
It works and I huff a laugh, shaking my head at him.
But Rafe's barked order for us all to pack up and head back to the camp rings out around us and my cousin and I turn, walking with Jackson and Luca back to the waiting transport truck that will take us back. Inside the truck I lean against Jackson's side, my head on his shoulder, and nearly fall asleep. I would have, too, if I wasn't bounced around every few seconds by another rock or pit passing beneath the wheels. But when we arrive back at the camp, I'm glad I didn't, because I see my father standing there at the edge - clearly waiting for us.
And the sight of him fills me with hope, happiness, and a great sense of safety, as it always does.
###Chapter 0710
Jackson has to pull me back into my seat when I try to jump up before the truck even stops. I scowl at him but he just smirks at me.
As soon as the truck pulls to a stop, though, he lets me go and I move swiftly for the back. Something in the back of my mind registers all of the other Cadets likewise sitting still as I pass them, and jump down from the back of the vehicle, and stride right for my father, who wraps me up in a tight hug. I burst instantly into tears, tired and overwhelmed and finally feeling safe enough to do it. Dad tucks my head against his chest though and turns away with me, not letting my schoolmates see.
"All right, trouble," he murmurs, his voice low and sad to see me this way. "It's all right."
Footsteps approach and I sense my mates as well as my brother and cousin. When they're close, dad turns me gently away and we all walk to the large tent before us - the one set up for dad and Uncle Roger for rest as well as meetings.
As soon as we step inside dad scoops me up into his arms, one beneath my knee and the other behind my back. He walks me steadily to the back of the tent to a lonely little cot away from the action. He sits down there with me in his lap, holding me close to his chest. I glance over at the rest of the room where I see my boys mingling, talking with Roger and some other aids, Luca and Jackson glancing over at me every few moments.
But I sigh, exhausted, and close my eyes, resting my head against my dad.
He lets me sit in peace for a long moment, just holding me tight, and the quiet does wonders for my poor beaten soul.
I mean, being here in my dad's arms doesn't fix anything but I just...I mean, I love my dad. It's impossible to not feel better, warmer, safer when he's around.
"We're so proud of you, Ariel," dad murmurs, taking my cap off my head and setting it gently on the bed before pressing a kiss to my braided hair. "So terribly proud." I nod, knowing he means it.
"I don't think you know how important it was, what you did," he continues, his voice soft, his words just for me. "We weren't expecting them to attack that part of the line - it's why we put you there. Strategically, it was a bad choice for them - unless they had something planned which we didn't see. That must have been it."
"I think they were going for me," I say quietly. "I don't know how they'd know it, but I think they knew I was there."
"We're considering that," dad replies, and I feel him nodding. "Which is...disturbing, in its own right. But either way, my dear, what you did was...incredible. Had they broken through the line there, we'd have had to completely re-route our forces, give up the attack. And considering that the Cadets weren't trained enough to hold the spot -"
"You need to teach them to shoot straight, dad," I say, lifting my head and giving him a dubious look. "Those helicopters were well within range, I can't believe they missed -"
Dad's face bursts into his handsome smile as he looks down at me. "Not everyone's a sharp-shooter like you."
"Well then they should be," I say, screwing up my face with doubt. "That was...embarrassing."
"Luckily they had you to make up for it," dad says, resting his forehead against mine. "You're not taking me seriously enough, Ariel. You were a huge part of this victory tonight.
What you can do..." FindNovel
"I know," I say quietly, nodding and letting my eyes drift shut again. "We have to think about putting me in a more strategic place."
"Trust me, darling, we are," dad says,
tightening his arms around me and allowing me to rest my head against his chest. "But tomorrow. We'll do that tomorrow. You rest now 
I take a deep breath, listening to the slow and steady sound of his heartbeat, willing myself to relax.
But I know I can't.
Not without knowing.
"Dad?" I whisper.
"Don't, trouble," he says, his voice heavy with grief. "Don't ask me now. Just rest."
But I shake my head. "I have to know. Is he..."
My dad sighs and puts a hand on my cheek and I open my eyes, looking up into his. But I know his answer before he gives it.
"I'm sorry, Ariel," my dad says, his face drawn. "We lost him a few hours ago. I'm sorry, darling, but he died."
My lip starts to tremble as I try so hard to be strong, as my eyes fill with tears.
"It's all right, sweetheart," dad
murmurs
gathering me close to
warmth. "Let it out. It's okay
him, tucking my face against
swnovel
I obey my father, wrapping my hand in his shirt as I sob my heart out, missing my friend, devastated that I'll never hear him laugh again. That he died for me.
My father holds me tight for what feels like hours, rocking me like a child, while I'm swept away with grief.
###Chapter 0711
Tony...floats.
He blinks in and out of consciousness, seeing flashes of the world beneath, between, and around him. Sometimes he's awake for a few moments or more, and then he starts to panic - because where...where is he? Where is he in space, in time but also...where is he? His body? His...his mind?
His wolf? Tony panics, searching for him -
But something like a soft hand comes to stroke over his brow, and he relaxes, and his eyes close and he's gone again.
Floating still - almost aimless, but always drawn by some current towards some...place.
"Oh no," says a voice, cheerful as a spring morning, soft and lovely as a running stream. "I'm not done with you yet."
The yank is physical and Tony gasps as something pulls him by the back of the neck, almost as if he is a pup being pulled up by his scruff.
He spins and then, somehow, is placed on his feet...
Even though there is no ground.
Tony takes a moment to steady himself, his arms spread wide at his side, finding his balance. Next to him, his wolf taps anxiously from toe to toe, looking up at him, whining with fear. Tony gasps and laughs to see him there, incredibly grateful that he's back. But still - where...
And who...
What just happened? He tries, so hard, to remember anything - who he is, his own damn name -
"There, that's better," says the dulcet voice.
Tony snaps his head up, his mouth falling open when he sees...her.
That magnificent woman he saw before. The Goddess. She smiles as she studies him, her arms crossed. "You're all right, boy," she says, laughing a little. "I pulled you out of that river of souls. You're steady." "Out of...what?"
She gestures down and Tony turns his head to look off of some stark cliff that wasn't there a moment ago and sees - indeed - a strange gossamer current of air, all brown and grey and beige, and floating in it...forms. People. All asleep, or half awake, like he was a moment ago. "Where are they going?" he whispers.
"To the Deadlands," she replies, and Tony looks back up at her, his stomach sinking. "In the Underworld."
"Ah, shit," he mutters, slipping his hands into his pockets.
The Goddess's smile grows and she laughs a little.
"So I'm dead?" he asks, his mouth twisting in disappointment.
"I'm sorry, my boy," she says, turning her head and looking at him like she means it. "But yes, you died."
Tony sighs, hanging his head for a moment, and as he does he sees that he's just like those other souls in the river below - bodyless, transparent, half-formed.
Nothing more than a ghost. Sadness sinks in him that it's over so soon. There's just...a great deal he never got to do.
Did he ever even have a mate? God, if he did...what would she have been like?
"Fortunately or unfortunately, Anton," the Goddess says, drawing his eyes back to her, "there will be no waiting in the Deadlands for reincarnation for you. No, I'm not done with you yet 
He straightens his shoulders, staring at her, wary. "Pardon?"
She grins. "I am very grateful, boy," she says, "for what you did for my granddaughter, saving her like that It was very valiant. But I'm afraid my other granddaughter has gotten herself into quite a bit of trouble." 
"Who?" he asks, staring at her hard, trying to remember.
The Goddess clicks her tongue and steps forward, pressing her fingertips briefly to his forehead. "There," she murmurs. "That should be better."
Tony gasps as his whole life comes flooding back to him, all the way up to the most recent memories. Ariel - shoving her behind him - that punk kid coming at him with a knife - Tony groans, his head hanging for a moment as he realizes what happened.
"Did Ariel live?" he asks, his teeth gritted.
"She did," the Goddess says, calm and serious. "You saved her, Anton. But now we have to concentrate on my little firecracker."
"Juniper?" Tony asks, his eyes going wide as he leans forward to stare at the Goddess in disbelief.
She nods.
Tony stands sharply, suddenly suspicious. "Wait, so Ariel just got attacked by her schoolmate and is facing the entire Atalaxian army with no one to cool her down if her fire rages out of her control...and you want me to go help... Juniper?" 
The Goddess grins, pleased and entertained, and eagerly nods again.
###Chapter 0712
"Holy crap," Tony murmurs, running a shocked hand through his hair. "What the hell did she get herself into?"
The Goddess laughs, a light and tinkling sound. "Oh, Ariel's getting all the attention right now, but my Juniper..." she sighs, shaking her head and looking into the distance almost as if she's proud. "Wait until the universe sees what she's about to stir up." "Oh god," Tony sighs, dry.
"So, will you help?" the Goddess asks, cheerful and hopeful, turning her eyes back to him.
"Do I get to be alive again?" he asks, gesturing down at himself.
"Nope," she says, shaking her head. "You'll be a ghost. But..." she purses her lips and then snaps her fingers.
Tony gasps as his body instantly becomes more substantial and his mind clears even further. He looks down at himself and is shocked to see that he is all blue and white and...well, slightly sparkly.
"And..." the Goddess says, snapping again.
Tony's wolf poofs away to stardust, which drifts towards Tony's chest and comes to settle there, warm and shimmering. Tony groans as he feels it, his wolf returned to him, where he always was. The relief is immense.
"Thank you," Tony murmurs, pressing a hand to his heart, his wolf howling happily inside, pleased to be returned where he belongs.
"I'm sorry it cannot be more," the Goddess says, considering him sadly. "You are a ghost, but you're blessed now. I'll send you to Juniper to be her handmaid."
"Her...her what?" Tony asks.
"Handmaid," the Goddess says, laughing. "The situation that Junie is in is quite tricky - there are lots of rules, but I found a loophole to get her some help. It's traditional in the Underworld - royalty is allowed to bring their servants' spirits to aid them in the afterlife." "But I'm a boy -"
"Oh, gender is such an outdated construct," the Goddess says, sighing dismissively as she steps forward, a bright blue ribbon with a note attached to it suddenly in her hands. She loops the ribbon lightly around his neck. "We can't call you a handmister, can we? Now, off to the Underworld with you -"
"Wait, the Underworld?" Tony gasps. "Is Juniper dead?"
"No," the Goddess says, smiling at him. "And it's your job to keep her that way. Alive, I mean."
"But how-"
"Oh, it won't be hard," the Goddess says cheerfully, tying the ends of the blue ribbon into a little bow. "Juniper is very capable. Just be...she doesn't... the Goddess shakes her head, looking away as she searches for the right words. "Juniper does not yet understand who she is.
There is a great well of ps
that
dwells in her heart and it frightens her. It makes her different from everyone in her world, which in turn makes her angry at everything, and she strikes out at it all."
The Goddess sighs and again looks into his eyes. "Just be kind to her, Tony - she needs...she needs someone ruthlessly in her corner, even when she tries to push them away." A small smile takes Tony's lips.
"Yes," the Goddess says, her expression matching his. "Are you starting to recognize some of yourself in my taciturn little Princess?"
He sighs but doesn't answer, looking away.
"Help Juniper recognize her true dark majesty," the Goddess says, putting a hand on his cheek and turning his face back to her. "And I will be forever grateful."
"I will do my best," Tony says, sketching out a little bow to the deity before him.
"Good boy," she murmurs, patting him on the head.
Tony laughs a little, confused but accepting it.
"Now," the Goddess says, reaching out and tapping him on the nose. "Be a good pet and hurry to her side."
To Tony's shock he suddenly shifts
into his wolf, still made of that blue and white and glittering light but his human body gone. He only has a
moment to stare in shock up at the Goddess before he vanishes away.
QUMS
And when he takes his next breath, he's somewhere very, very different.
And there's a girl, laying on a black marble floor, her dark hair spread out in a circle around her head, her face...god, her face so similar to Ariel's if not a bit paler, her

bruised-rose lips turned down in a perpetual frown. 
Slowly, Tony pads forward towards her, peering down into her face, terrified that he might be too late -
That she might not even be breathing.
###Chapter 0713
I lean hard against Jackson, half awake.
We're given the rest of the day to rest with plans to ship us back to school that night. Most of my fellow Cadets and friends sleep in the tents provided for us, but I'm unable to find rest. Instead I just sit in a weird little waking coma of grief, staring into space a lot, thinking about Tony, considering how terribly unfair this world is. Hating this stupid, ridiculous war. Hating Atalaxia most of all.
Ben comes back and we all stay close, but Jackson stays by my side like a burr. Luca too, but not in the same way Jackson does - Jacks, he tries to hide it by dampening our bond, but he's so, so worried about me, even as I assure him again and again that I'm fine - or, at least, that I will be. He believes me - I know that he does - but still, there's not a moment when he's not touching me, bringing me water and snacks, predicting my needs even before I can think to want something.
Dad and Roger get on a video call with mom and Cora at some point and glance my way, talking low about bringing me back to the city for a day or two to rest and process this -
But I end that idea immediately, insisting that I'm going back to school with the rest.
"Ari," Dad sighs, turning to me. "We're not pulling you out - you could just rest, let your mom take care of you for a day."
"Why aren't you offering this to anyone else!?" I snap, casting out a hand towards all of my friends and family still in the tent with us but encompassing all the other Cadets in their tents too. "We all lost Tony, but I'm the only one you're offering a luxury suite in the capital. Is it because I'm a girl? Because if so -"
"We're offering it," Roger interrupts, crossing his arms and glaring at me a little. "Because you may need it, Ariel. Don't accuse us of things that you know aren't true."
I sigh, and hang my head, and Jackson quietly strokes my back.
"I'm sorry," I murmur, shaking my head and looking at the floor. "But I want to go back to school. I want...I want to work."
"I understand," dad says, and I look up to see him giving me a serious nod.
Then he turns away to have a serious chat with Rafe and Jesse about measures they need to take to keep me safe at school, especially since Gibson slipped under our suspicion that whole time.
A few scant hours after that, I'm climbing the steps onto the train. Dad somehow got the luxury royal caboose sent in time so that I could stretch out and get some rest on the way back to school, but I just cry again the moment I step through the door, remembering that we weren't close enough with Tony at
Midwinter to invite him to go back to the city with us. 
And so he never got to ride in it. And he should have.
"Oh, sweetheart," Jacks sighs, scooping me up into his arms and carrying me away to a corner where he bundles me up in his lap, cradles me against his chest, and holds me for hours. Ben, Jesse, Rafe, and hours.
Luca stretch out and chat quietly or doze. We ride through the night.
I spend most of the time curled up against Jacks, staring out the window at the black sky, feeling absolutely empty.
When I step out of the shower hours later I don't really feel...better. I'm still exhausted, and sleep deprived, but...it's nice to be clean.
When I step out into the main room and all three of my Alphas turn towards me with grim faces, though, I stop in my tracks.
"Oh no," I say, my shoulders slumping. "What now?"
"We have to tell you something," Jesse replies, his face sad.
My breath starts to come short.
"Ariel, please," Jackson says, holding out a hand for me, his voice cracking with the strain of seeing me so continually sad. I cross to him, wanting his strength, feeling
incredibly guilty about the fact t
he also hasn't gotten a moment of sleep because he's been too busy worrying about and taking care of me. 
Don't, he says, right into my mind, as he takes my hand and pulls me into his lap on the couch so I can easily see Jesse and Rafe. I don't need sleep. That's what the magic is for.
###Chapter 0714
I press a hand to his cheek and lift my chin to kiss him softly - not something I usually do in front of my brother and my cousin. But everyone lets it pass today.
"What is it?" I sigh, feeling stronger with Jackson's support as I look over at Rafe and Jesse in the afternoon light that streams through the window.
Rafe sighs. "We have to go meet with the captain," he says, gesturing between himself and Jacks.
"Why?" My mouth turns down in a frown because...well, because I wanted to keep them close by today.
"He wants reports on how the Cadets performed during the battle," Jackson murmurs.
"Piss poor," I say, nodding firmly, my eyes narrowing. "They didn't land a single damn shot with those guns -"
"Ari!" Jesse says, his face breaking into a smile to see a bit more spirit come into me. "It's harder than it looks -"
"It's a big bullet and a big chopper, Jess!" I burst out, leaning forward toward him. "It was like hitting the side of a barn with a big fat tomato! Honestly, you should have just let me do it - train me on one of those big guns, I could do that with my eyes closed -" Jesse laughs at me, shaking his head. "You arrogant little gun nut -"
"You did enough, Ari," Rafe says, leaning back in his chair, a little smile coming to his lips. "We didn't need you on guns too."
"Clearly you did," I murmur, raising an eyebrow at him and snuggling back against Jackson, who tightens his arms around me, his wolf growling his pride and support down the bond.
Rafe laughs, shaking his head. "You have to leave something for the rest of us. We can't just sit around looking pretty."
"But you do that so well," I say with a sigh. And for the first time today a little smile finds my lips.
Of course, grief and guilt crashes into my little sliver of happiness immediately - because how dare I be laughing with my brother when Tony is dead and will never laugh again? I sigh, hanging my head a little.
"We have to go downstairs for a couple of hours, Ari," Rafe says, seeing my sadness, his voice gentle. "Jesse's going to take you down to Daphne's room for a bit. We figured
that might be...nice."
I nod, agreeing to it. It will be good to see her. My friends - they're more precious to me now than they've ever been.
"But you're also leaving our little bubble," Jackson murmurs, pressing his cheek to my hair. "Which means we have to... let you in on some information."
"What?" I say, sitting up straight and looking between them. "What information?" Dread curls in me, wicked and sharp-toothed. More news - and clearly bad news. God, I'm not sure I can take it.
"Tony wasn't the only Cadet who
was hurt," Rafe says, meeting my eyes evenly clearly wanting to tell me as fast as possible to alleviate my dread. "Others were hit with Atalaxian bullets when those first choppers got close, before you took them down. You remember, yes? When the medics were called?" 
I go a bit cold, staring at my brother. "Who?" I ask, sharp.
"Warrior cadets," Rafe says, "I'm not sure if you know them. One is in hospital, probably going to be attended to by mom. And two more had superficial wounds they came home on the train with us. But Redman Blythe..." 
My lip starts to tremble as I anticipate his words.
"He died, Ari," Rafe says, even, holding my gaze. "On the battlefield, instantly. He was shot in the head."
I clench my teeth and turn my head into Jackson's neck. He wraps his arms around me and holds me tight as I press my eyes shut, tears already leaking from them. Because Blythe - I mean, we weren't friends, he was nothing like what Tony was to me. But, I mean, I knew him - he drafted me -
And god, I was such a dick to him...
I groan, regretting everything, crying quietly into Jackson's shirt as he holds me tight through it. When the worst of it passes, I turn sniffing to my brother and my cousin. "Someone needs to tell Juniper," I whisper, my voice still shaky.
###Chapter 0715
I open my mouth to say more, to explain everything, but Jackson wraps a gentle hand around my arm.
"They already know about what Blythe said about Juniper," Jackson whispers to me. I turn my face up to him in surprise. "I told them when you were in the shower."
"We have a call out to mom," Rafe says quietly, looking at me curiously. "But you don't have...like any idea about how he knew her? Just that she said something to him about...you?"
I shrug, shaking my head. "I don't know anything else," I say. "I was trying to get out of there as fast as I could. God, I should have -"
"Don't, Ari," Jesse says, looking at me sadly with his kind brown eyes. "There's no way you could have known."
I let my eyes drop to the floor. "Two," I whisper, exhausted. "Two boys dead in one day."
"It's horrible," Rafe agrees, nodding. "But if it helps...you saved a great deal more."
I look up at him, not understanding.
He leans forward towards me. "You're right, Ari - we were shit with those guns. We had one, maybe two full days of training on them. If you hadn't used your magic and taken down those helicopters, they'd have continued firing. They'd have taken many, many more of us out and gotten behind our lines. You saved a lot of lives yesterday."
I swallow hard around the thickness in my throat, considering that. And even though it does nothing to dull how much I miss Tony, how sorry I am about Blythe...it does help.
I nod to him, grateful for the perspective.
But Rafe just sighs and stands. "We have to go."
Jacks stands up and puts me on my feet, clearly hating to do it but knowing he has a responsibility.
"Come on, trouble," Jesse says, holding out a hand to me. "Let's go bother Daphne. Drink a bunch of her wine."
A little smile turns the corners of my mouth as I slip my hand into my cousin's and give it a squeeze.
A little cry bursts from Daphne's lips as she opens the door and sees us standing there. I frown in confusion at the little grey cat sitting on her shoulder, but there's no time to think about it as she falls forward, wrapping me in a hug the moment I step into the room. 
"I'm so sorry," she whispers, holding me tight. "I heard what happened - it's so horrible -"
I start to cry again, unable to help it, hating myself for it just a little bit. But hating so, so much more that Tony's gone.
"Now now, don't get her started Daphne, we just got her dry," Jesse murmurs, his voice filled with sad humor.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," Daphne murmurs, pulling away from me and wiping at her own wet face, the little cat peering at me curiously. "When...when did you get a pet?" I murmur, lifting a hand towards it.
"It's Jesse's," Daphne says, turning
Ineq
now towards him with her arms open. Jesse steps immediately into them, wrapping her up in a hug, pulling her tight against him. I can't help but smile a little to see them together like that, even as sniff and shut the door. 
"How was mittens?" Jesse murmurs, pressing a kiss to her hair. "Did he behave? Sometimes he gets creative with his definition of a litter box."
"Oh, shut up and kiss me, you idiot,"
Daphne snarls. Jesse just laughs and complies with her demand, kissing her deeply. I let them have their moment, following the little cat as he jumps off of Daphne's
shoulder and walks over to the bed. 
"Hello," I murmur, bending down to study his pretty little face, but then I gasp when I realize that he's not quite real, is he? No, he's not just smokey grey - he's made of shadows. "Jesse!" I gasp, spinning towards him. "What?" Jesse asks as Daphne turns in his arms and leans back against his chest. He rests his chin on her head and I pause a second, smiling, because the two of them together is just so.... Cute.
Daphne's face breaks into a grin as she senses my thoughts, and I can't help smiling back at her.
The kitten jumps on me though, distracting me into a little laugh as he climbs from one of my shoulders to the other, scrabbling across the back of my neck. "Are you making him do that?" I ask Jesse, fascinated. "Sort of," Jesse says with a little frown. "But when I made him I gave him like...a personality, so he would make Daphne laugh while I was gone. He didn't disappear?"
###Chapter 0716
"No," she says, looking up at Jesse and shaking her head. "He was my little companion. It was very comforting, having him here. Plus, I wasn't allergic to him like I am other cats. And he didn't eat or need to go to the bathroom." "See? Perfect pet." He beams down at her and I'm struck again by just how easy and perfect these two are together, how incredibly right.
I grin, thinking that they're kind of idiots for not figuring it out in the first place.
"So, how long do you guys have?" Daphne asks, looking up at Jesse. "Can we hang out?"
"Yup," he says, nodding to her. "Rafe and Jacks are at a meeting. I didn't want to sit with this sad sack all alone - too depressing -"
"Hey, you're sad too," I say, glaring at him and gathering the little kitten into my hands as I sit down on Daphne's bed. The kitten mews, brushing himself against my fingertips. God, he's actually soft - and warm -
"Of course I am, cousin," Jesse says, giving me a sad smile. "Just trying to make you laugh. It breaks my heart to see you like this."
"Well, if we have hours and nothing to fill them with," Daphne says, moving over to her little mantle and reaching for a bottle of wine. "Wanna drink?"
"Yes ma'am," Jesse says, grinning at her. "This is an excellent impulse. Yes, you'll do fine as a Sinclair."
Daphne just laughs, kicking him and grabbing some glasses as she moves over to me, but I stare a bit at my cousin. A Sinclair? Really? I mean, I love the idea, and seeing them together it makes sense - but I just wasn't aware that these two had gotten to that point yet. Still, I keep my mouth shut, not wanting to push it too far.
Daphne sits next to me on the bed and I put the kitten on my lap so that I can take the glasses from Daphne as she hands them to me. Then she fills each up a little bit and after I hand them around, we each raise our glasses together in a toast.
"To our friend," Jesse says, quite serious, his own quiet grief making itself known.
""We'll never forget him," I say.
We clink our glasses together and then drink deeply, determined to make it true.
The next few hours pass quickly, with Jesse and I filling Daphne in on the battle - at least the parts that don't involve Tony and thus don't make me cry. I can tell that she's dying to ask questions in that direction, because she still doesn't know the whole story - but...Jesse can fill her in on that when I'm not around.
Until then the three of us just...hang
out. And I have to admit that even if I do feel guilty about it, my spirits do rise, a little bit. It's just...good, to be here with these two, cozy in Daphne's room, drinking wine and being present. 
It's very, very good.
We're well into our second bottle of wine and all feeling quite loose when a knock comes at the door.
The little kitten trots over to it and I gasp when he disintegrates into a little cloud of smoke and slips under the door.
"Oh, it's Luca!" Jesse says, sitting up with a smile.
"Did...did you just kill Mittens?" Daphne whispers, horrified, her fingertips pressed to her mouth.
"What?" Jesse asks, turning to frown at her as I get up and eagerly move to the door. "No, he's fine."
His words are proved correct when I open the door to find Luca staring down at the little kitten at his feet, which stares up at him. "What on earth is this?" Luca murmurs.
"That's Mittens," I say, grinning at Luca and bending down to scoop the little shard of Jesse's soul into my arms. "He...appeared out of thin air."
"Yes, he's magical and very cute." I say, smiling up at my mate. "How'd you know I was here?" I ask quietly, very pleased to see him but confused at the same time. 
"Went up to your room," he says with a shrug, looking down at me. "It was empty knew there were like...two other places you could be, and this
we
was the best bet." 
I grin at my mate and turn, nodding in invitation for him to come in. "Want a glass of wine?"
"Actually," Luca murmurs, tilting his head to the side. "Want to give those two a minute alone? And come to my room?"
###Chapter 0717
"Wait," I whisper, beaming and taking a step closer to my mate even as I gesture my head backwards to Jesse and Daphne. "You know about them!?" Mittens wriggles out of my hands and leaps elegantly to the floor, heading back towards the bed.
"Oh, come on," Luca says, smirking at me as he steps into the room and puts a hand around my waist, tugging me close. "It's been obvious since the first day we met her that Jesse's been head over heals for Daphne. And then after the second Games, the way she ran to him?" He smirks and shakes his head. "You Sinclairs think you are sneakier than you actually are."
Luca's smile deepens as he looks down at me, raising a hand to brush the back of his fingers down the length of my cheek. "It's good to see you a little better, gorgeous," he murmurs. "I was worried."
"Hey," I growl playfully, stepping close. "We are plenty sneaky."
I just smile up at him and lean closer to my handsome mate, who saved my life. "Not fully better," I say quietly. "But...a little bit. The wine helps."
"Well then let's steal it," he says, pulling me with him as he moves to Daphne's mantlepiece and snatches one of her bottles. "I'm requisitioning this," he says, holding it up so she can see. "Desperate times, desperate measures, all that."
"Oh whatever, I've got plenty," Daphne says, leaning back against the wall and very casually avoiding any contact with Jesse as he sits next to her. "But where are you taking it?"
"My room," Luca says, pulling me close to his side. "I'd like a minute with my mate so I can ensure for myself that she's all in one piece after the attempt on her life."
A little guilt forms in me at this, because he's right - even though Luca saved me, Jackson has been at my side for hours straight now. I really did turn to Jacks to accept that comfort after Tony died. It's not that I meant to leave Luca out I just...wanted Jacks. And Luca has been very, very gracious about it all, letting me take the comfort that I need and showing not an ounce of jealousy.
Maybe he really is growing. Maybe this all really can work. My wolf gives a happy howl in my soul and Luca's wolf howls back, making me smile.
"Wait, you're taking her...away?" Jesse asks, sitting up straight, frowning as his eyes dart between us.
"Just to my room," Luca says with a shrug.
"But she...it's dangerous." His frown deepens.
"You think I can't protect her?" Luca asks, raising an eyebrow at Jesse, kind of obliging him to remember the events of the past few days. "Or that I won't?" I look at Jesse too, curious.
He sighs, slumping back against the pillows. "I didn't mean it like that,
Luca," he says. "I just - I'm feeling a little overprotective of our little Shrimp. She was given over to my care alone today and Jacks and
Rafe weren't even happy about that."
"Well, you can pass her to me," Luca says, smiling down at me. "I've got her covered." I grin back at my mate, believing him utterly.
"Luca," Jesse says, drawing both of
our eyes back to him as he hurriedly
pushes himself off the bed and
crosses the room, his hand
extended. "I don't think anyone really gave you the recognition you deserved for what you did two days ago-" 
"Please," Luca says, frowning and waving the gratitude aside. "She's my mate, and any of us would have -"
"No, I'm serious," Jesse says,
interrupting and making Luca listen, looking him very intently in the face. "You saved our girl." He looks down at me now as my expression falls, a little devastated at how serious Jesse is about this, how much he loves me. "We can never repay you, Luca. You saved her life you and Tony both - and we'll never, ever forget it." 
Jesse holds his hand out further and Luca sighs and shakes it, just once, quite solid.
Then Luca passes a hand over my cap, looking down into my face. "Let's not talk about it anymore right now, all right? You look like you've been crying. A lot."
I nod to him, my mouth tight because I am indeed again holding back tears.
Jesse sighs and looks back at Daphne, who shrugs.
###Chapter 0718
"Come on, Shrimpy," Luca says, quite cheerful for my sake as he puts his arm around my shoulders and gives me a tug towards the door. "Let's go drink this." He holds up the bottle of wine still in his other hand and gives it a little shake.
I grin up at him. "You don't even have glasses."
"You can lap it out of my hand," Luca murmurs, pulling me towards the door. "Or use the cup in my bathroom."
"The one I'm sure you haven't cleaned all year -"
"Fine. I'll wash it, just for you."
I laugh and wave over my shoulder to Daphne and Jesse, who call their goodbyes. But as we slip out the door and I begin to pull it shut behind me, I don't miss that they go silent. My final glance back into the room gives me a glimpse of her hand fisted in his shirt, pulling him hard towards her.
Grinning, I shut the door and slip my arm around my mate's waist, following him down the hall towards the staircase.
No one bothers us on the walk to Luca's room, though I admit that I'm jumpier than I used to be in the halls. I mean, Gibson being the one who attacked me has really thrown off my feeling of safety. For weeks now I've felt utterly fine walking in the halls of this Castle, even getting frustrated with Rafe when he suggested I needed a chaperone.
But now that I know that at least one Cadet was placed here by the Atalaxians? And that my fire did not work as well as I thought it would when put to the test like that? God, anything could -
"Stop," Luca murmurs, frowning down at me and tightening his hand around my shoulder. "You don't need to go there, Ariel. You're perfectly safe with me."
I sigh, leaning against him. "I know. I just..."
"Got a little spooked?" He twists his mouth a little as he looks down at me, sympathetic, and I nod.
But as we approach Luca's door, I smirk a bit too. "Remember why I was in here the first and only time that I've been inside your room?"
He laughs, pushing the door open. "Yes. Because I was sick of giving you the silent treatment and wanted to kiss the hell out of you."
"And because you'd just punched the crap out of Wright."
I laugh as he tugs me into the room and kicks he door shut, lifting me up against his chest with one arm firm beneath my ass.
"Come on," he says, laughing up into my face as I smile down at him. "Let's get you drunk so that you can forget your worries for half a second."
"Okay," I whisper. And then I dip my head and kiss my mate, loving him very dearly and feeling quite safe in his arms.
About an hour and a half later, Luca's prophecy is correct.
We finished the bottle of wine and have moved on to some whiskey, which tastes terrible but definitely has me feeling all tingly. And my worries all feel quite, quite far away in the happy buzz of my mind. "Why do you boys drink this stuff," I ask, sticking out my tongue and holding up the bottle to peer at it. "Is it just because it makes you look tough?"
"Probly," Luca murmurs, closing one
eye to peer up at me as he lays out long on his bed and I sit next to him. "We could put sugar in it to make it taste better. If I had any sugar. Which I don't." en FindNovel
"You need a better candy game, Grant," I sigh putting the bottle on his bedside table. When I look back at him, letting my eyes drift all the way down his long form, I can't help the smile that turns up the corner of my mouth. 
"What?" he asks, smirking now.
I shrug. "You're just...appealing. Visually."
He laughs, his dimples jumping onto his cheeks, his eyes crinkling in that charming way that makes my stomach twist.
"Seriously," I murmur, taking
advantage of the situation and
swinging a leg over his body so that
I straddle his hips, putting my hands
on his hard stomach and peering down at him. "Do you like, try? Is there any effort that goes into this, on were you just born this gorgeous?" 
My mate smirks up at me, fire and hunger alight in his eyes.
###Chapter 0719
"Oh, look who's talking," he murmurs, running his hands up my thighs and then sitting up a little as he reaches further back, one hand cupping my ass while the other slides up my back, obliging me to lean a little closer into him. "Miss I dress as a boy every day, never wear
makeup, sometimes have black eyes, and still drive my mate absolutely insane."
I grin at him, my brain a little more than fuzzy, blocking out the memories of these two horrible days. And I really give myself over to the moment, allowing my mate to just...make me feel good. "Insane?" I whisper, leaning closer. "Just how insane are we talking here?" "Completely unhinged," he murmurs, leaning back and taking me with him. "Here - let me show you."
Luca kisses me, and a little groan of want slips out of my lips as he rolls me over in his sheets.
In the next half hour Luca again makes it abundantly clear that he knows what he's doing - that he knows precisely what I like and he's very, very willing to give it to me. He kisses me almost languidly, taking his time unbuttoning my shirt and unfolding it to reveal my skin beneath. His palms are cool against my hot skin, sending shivers through me in waves.
Luca takes his mouth from mine for a moment to help me tug my bra off over my head, tossing it to the ground and then tossing his own shirt after it. My breath is stolen from me as I admire, again, the golden gleam of his tanned skin.
"How do you do it?" I murmur, tracing my fingers down the hard ridges of his stomach. "Stay tan, when you spend your life in a black uniform like the rest of us?"
Luca smirks at me, kneeling between my legs and lowering himself to press a kiss to my stomach, chasing it with a teasing little lick that makes my breath catch. "Seriously, gorgeous?" he asks, looking up at me from below, quite cheeky. "That's what you're worried about right now?"
I just laugh and bite my lip, running my fingers through his pretty blonde-brown hair, and he lowers his face again to my belly, kissing and licking his way down, down, down.
Luca makes quick work of the button and zipper of my pants, tugging them off and then again adding his own to the pile. My heart pounds as he returns to his place low on my body because - because I've never done this before.
But all anxiety and anticipation are ripped from me the moment he pulls my panties down over my thighs, and ducks his head beneath my legs, and gives me a long, slow lick right up my center.
I moan, my head tilting back on my
neck and my fingers twisting in Luca's hair as he continues to lick me, long and slow, precisely where want him to. I can feel his own
pleasure echoing down the boel.ne
how much he loves torturing me with each steady stroke, how he's drawing this out, making me beg. 
But I have never, ever been above begging.
"Please," I moan, wanting more, my hips rising up against him as Luca presses his tongue harder and faster, but still quite tender, against that one spot. He sends a cool little pulse down the bond, bidding me to be patient, but I just snarl at him - because I'm feeling the opposite of patient right now. 
Luca laughs and glances up at me as he moves his hand from its place wrapped around my thigh. Then he flicks his tongue against that tiny spot at the center of me as he obeys my order and deftly presses two fingers into me, curling them deliciously before he begins to pulse.
Mouth and hand work together with steady intent and I just completely go to pieces. gasp, my head turning hard to the side as that heat begins to curl within me, as tension seizes each of my muscles in turn, as the pleasure begins to build within me. God, fuck, but he's good at this - the pace he sets with his tongue and hands it's like he knows precisely what I want before I even know I want it 
But suddenly, with one long final stroke of that tongue, he lifts away.
I give a little gasp of protest, my eyes flying open as he moves, keeping his hand low on my body but crawling up so that his honed body, naked except for his little black boxer briefs, hovers over mine.
###Chapter 0720
"Ariel," he whispers, looking intently down into my face. "I love you so, so much. It almost killed me to come close to losing you like that. I want...I want to go further. Life is so short - we shouldn't wait -"
I still, realizing what he's asking. But then my eyes flick over his gorgeous form, his tan skin and his lean muscles, his broad hand still cupping my sex. And god - god do I want more - My wolf taps anxiously in my soul, unsure.
And I don't know if it's the whiskey, or the grief, or the exhaustion taking over me at this point, but I gently nudge her aside and give myself over to the moment, nodding to Luca, wanting him. Because why shouldn't I?
Here I am with my gorgeous mate- who is mine, mine forever -
And he's right! I almost died two days ago, and yesterday, and what is the point of holding out for some 'right' moment when life is so, so precarious?
Suddenly I want him with a vehemence that surprises me.
"Yes," I whisper, reaching up to curl a hand behind his neck. "Yes, Luca - yes."
He groans as he lays his body out over mine, kissing me and pressing me down into the mattress with his full weight - a sensation that I love, his skin and body all warm against mine. He pulls his hand away from me and shoves hard at his underwear, pushing them down and kicking them off as I kiss him hard and fast, gasping breaths in between our lips, not wanting to be separated from him for a second.
He pulls away, though, as he palms himself, moving his hand over the smooth shaft of his cock, glancing down anxiously at me. "This might hurt, Ariel."
But I just shake my head, bringing my mouth back to his, wanting to be kissed again. "It's fine -"
"No, Ariel," he says, pulling away more and frowning down at me. "It's your first time -"
A little guilt curls in my stomach and I blink hard, a little hazy, as I stare up in his face. Because, I mean, it's not - and I should...
My wolf turns anxiously again, half wanting our mate, half... half wanting something else.
"It's fine," I murmur, again pushing my wolf away, wanting Luca very badly and needing to push past all of this. I want him - I want the
-
pleasure know he can give - I want him to fill me up and wipe away all of the thoughts and the memories and the grief. I loop my leg up over Luca's hip as his wolf prowls across our bond, looking for mine, wanting to be close to her. "Please, Luca -" 
Something in that breaks him, and Luca moans, bringing his mouth back to mine/He shifts forward, pressing the head of his cock hard against me for a long moment, his breath unsteady before he presses inside. I moan in turn as my body stretches for him, accommodating each thick inch. I pant as he slowly sinks himself all the way into me, his hips twitching, wanting to pull back so he can slam into me again and again - 
But going slow for my sake -
I don't want slow, though. I lift my hips to meet him, pulsing, wanting the friction, wanting to feel him pound himself steadily into me, so hard I spill over and over-
Luca moans again at the intensity of it, turning his face to the side and tucking it low against my neck. Then he begins to move, gentle at first, pulling out an inch and then pressing in and in. "More," I moan, wanting it faster and harder. "Please, Luca -"
He nods and gives me what I want,
his lips hot against my neck as he does. My head tilts back as the feeling swells in me again, as I feel it start to come to that breaking point - as feel not Luca's lips pressed against my neck, but his teeth - 
My eyes fly suddenly open as my wolf howls.
As I remember Jackson telling me to break for him that first time.
As I remember Jackson's teeth grazing against that soft spot between my neck and my shoulder and how badly I wanted that mark -
As I remember him hesitating and pulling away, because the timing wasn't right -
"No," I whisper, starting to turn my head, pulling away -
But it's too late. Luca's teeth sink deep, marking me as his.
###Chapter 0721
I gasp, pain flaring in my neck, my wolf howling and scrambling away in my soul as I put my hands on Luca's chest and shove him away, hard.
He gasps too, his eyes flying wide as he falls to the side and I pull myself from beneath him, huddling up against the headboard and staring at him, my hand slapped to my bleeding neck where - Where he marked me -
"Ariel," he whispers, panting, staring at me in utter shock and fear. "What - what's wrong?!"
"Luca!" I gasp, tears springing to my eyes - half betrayal and half pain. "Why - why did you do that!?"
"What are you talking about," he breathes, leaning closer to me, horrified. "Ariel, I'm so sorry - did I do it wrong?" He reaches for where my hand is still pressed too my neck, where I can feel blood slipping from between my fingers.
"You weren't supposed to do it at all!" I cry out, tears starting to streak down my cheeks as I stare at him, shaking my head. "I didn't - I wasn't ready, Luca!"
"Wh-what?" he whispers, scootching closer, still reaching for me, clearly desperately upset to see me reacting like this. "Ariel, I'm sorry, I didn't know - obviously, I've never done this before - was I supposed to wait? I'm sorry, you're right, I should have waited until towards the end I didn't know it would hurt that much -"
"No, Luca!" I sob, shaking my head at him, anger welling in me now too. "I wasn't ready for the mark at all! I didn't - I didn't want it today -"
My wolf howls, anxiously darting back and forth, shaking with her pain and anxiety, throwing herself down to the ground and rolling around like she can get the scent off of her. Luca's wolf just stands by, perfectly still, watching her in horror.
The scent the new scent - my changed scent, so it's mixed with Luca's now -
Oh, god, everyone will know. I hang my head and begin to sob.
"What...what are you talking about, Ariel?" Luca asks, his voice harder. I raise my eyes and see his face ghostly pale. "You didn't want my mark?"
"Luca, I love you," I say, shaking my head, willing him to understand. "But I wasn't ready for this - the consequences -"
"Are you talking about him?" He bites out, angry now.
My mouth turns down in a desperate frown as I shake my head and look up into his eyes. Because yes, yes of course it's about him- of course Jackson is at the front of my mind right now - How betrayed he's going to feel, how desperately jealous and sad and broken by this -
But there are other things at stake right now - my heart, for one.
"We weren't there yet, Luca," I say, snappier than I mean to be, shaking my head at him. "We're not connected enough - our wolves barely know each other -"
"Then why did we have sex!?" he bursts out, throwing his hands to the side.
"Because we wanted to!" I yell in
return, tears still streaming down my
cheeks. “Because I wanted to be with you, Luca – I wanted to feel good, and wanted you to feel good, and wanted to get closer! But it doesn't mean I was ready to be marked!" 
"No, Ariel," he snarls, glaring at me and leaning closer. "That wasn't the deal and you know it."
I stare at him, a little shocked, forgetting to breathe. "What deal?"
"The deal we all struck! The fucking
sex pact, or whatever!" he shouts, throwing his hands again to the side, completely losing his temper. In fucking Jackson's bedroom the night after my big fight!" 
I just stare at him for a moment because honestly - honestly I forgot about that in the past few hours that I've been in Luca's room. But even if I remember it now I don't remember any deal being part of it. What the helf is he talking about? 
"Remember?" he says, leaning forward and staring at me, his voice slightly condescending and making my hackles rise. "We said no sex with either of your mates to avoid the possibility of one marking you!"
###Chapter 0722
"So!?" I say, leaning forward in turn and matching his tone, my hand still clamped to the wound on my neck.
"So- so we had sex!" Luca shouts, baffled and freaked out and afraid. "So you picked me! You picked me, Ariel! I gave you my mark because you picked me!"
I go perfectly still as I stare at Luca, my mouth slightly open.
Because that...that is not at all what happened.
I mean, we just had sex - we had a horrible few days, and had a bunch to drink, and we took refuge in each other -
And I love Luca desperately, but I did not choose him.
"Luca," I say, quite slow, "I did not pick you. I am not rejecting Jackson. We just had sex -"
"It's the same thing!" he roars, staring at me like I'm insane, or that he might be going insane, or that the world itself is broken and horrible and he's somehow just lost in it.
Luca snarls and shoves himself up from the bed, grabbing his underwear and hastily pulling them on before striding away from me, his hands getting lost in his hair as he turns his back to me, attempting to put the shattered pieces of his reality back together.
I start to cry again, gathering the blankets to my chest and looking down at my shaking hands. Because even if Luca and I greatly misunderstood what was happening today, I see his side of it - I see what he means. He thought that breaking the stupid sex pact was not just us having sex, but me fulfilling the terms of it: choosing him, deciding to reject Jackson, wanting his mark.
And that may have even been the wording - god, I don't even remember - that I wouldn't have sex with one of them until I'd decided.
But so-so much has happened since then - so much has grown and changed -
"This was supposed to be special for me too, you know," Luca snaps, turning back towards me suddenly and drawing my eyes up to him. "A man only gets one chance to mark his mate. I never precisely imagined that the moment I did it that you'd say 'no' and shove me away and start crying."
I hang my head and sniff hard then, because he's right. It shouldn't have been this way for either of us.
"You should have asked me," I whisper, shaking my head and starting to tremble, grief hitting me again foreverything that has been lost and ruined in these past few days. I tried to escape it, to run from it, but god...god, I've just made it worse. 
"Asked you?" Luca asks, a nasty tone in his voice now. "Why, because that's what he would have done?"
"Why are you being like this?" I cry out, turning my head back up to him, my lower lip trembling in my agony. "Why are you even talking about Jackson - this is about us -"
"It's never just about us," Luca snarls, glaring at me like he hates me. His wolf snarls in my soul, prowling towards mine. "It's always about him - he's always there - between us - ruining this -"
"That's not what it's like - Jackson would never do that -"
"Well then maybe you should have
slept with him, Ariel!" Luca shouts, vicious. "If he always does everything right and he's so fucking perfect, maybe you should have had your first time with him! And then everything would have been great!" 
I just stare at Luca, dread coiling within me, and slowly close my mouth.
Silence echoes in the room between us as Luca reads my reaction.
His face again pales, and his shoulders drop, his hands falling limp at his side.
I clench my jaw and raise my chin, refusing to apologize for it.
have
-
Because it was - it was perfect. I wouldn't have wanted to lose my virginity any other way than on a soft, quiet afternoon in my bed with a man who loves me very, very much. And as much as it breaks Luca's heart, I'm not going to be ashamed of it. Content befongs to FindNovel
"Oh...oh my god..." Luca murmurs, gaping at me, unblinking. And then he moans, and covers his face with his hands and turns away.
###Chapter 0723
"Luca," I groan, shaking my head and getting to my knees, still clutching the blanket to my chest with one hand and reaching for him with the other. "It's not like that -" "It is!" he shouts, turning back to me, fury in every line of him now. "It is like that, Ariel! You - you fucking chose him!"
"I didn't!" I gasp, shaking my head vehemently. "He asked if I was - I told him I wasn't - I want both of you I need both of you!"
"You're so fucking selfish, Ariel!" Luca shouts, taking three harsh steps towards me, making me flinch. "You can't have both of us - not if it breaks us into pieces to do it!" "No, I do!" I sputter, my mind reeling, trying to find a way to explain - the Goddess - she said that I - I need both - "It - it doesn't have to break you! We can find a way -"
"Well, you already have," he snarls, leaning down to glare at me. "What - he didn't mark you? Did you shut that down too, so you could fuck him in secret and never let me know? So you could betray me night after night?"
"No, Luca," I growl, my spine straightening as I glare back at him, hating how he's lashing out at me in his hurt. "I didn't have to shut it down - he didn't want to mark me! Because he knew how complicated it would make all of our lives!"
"So - so you asked him then?" Luca says, softer now, but no less dangerous. "You wanted his mark?"
Dread rises in me at this question. Because I instantly know the truth.
I raise my chin and stare into Luca's eyes, unable to say it aloud because I know it will kill him to hear it. But I let Luca have my answer nonetheless.
Luca roars and turns in the room, swiping a hand out at the various s on top of his dresser, sending them scattering and smashing to the ground. I fall back on my ass on his bed, huddling into the corner, frightened and not knowing what to do -
An Alpha like this, in a rage, and me the cause? My wolf whimpers, afraid, and his wolf prowls closer in our soul, baring his teeth.
"I can't do this, Ariel!" Luca shouts,
spinning back to face me, his canines flashing. "Not anymore! I can't live like this, with you always putting me in his shadow! You chose him, you fucked him, and you treated me like a dog who should be grateful for your scraps!" 
"Luca!" I moan, shaking my head and begging him to see that that's so, so not true.
"No," he snarls, prowling closer. "I'm - I'm fucking done, Ariel. I can't do this anymore."
"What are you talking about?" I whisper, going rigid as my wolf stills in my soul, looking up at Luca's wolf, his slavering jaws.
"I'm talking about ending this, once and for all," he whispers, leaning close, his expression closed-off and cruel. He stares at me for a long, silent moment as his lips curl in disgust. "I reject you, Ariel Sinclair. I reject our bond. This is done." 
And in my soul his wolf lunges for mine, his teeth sinking deep into her neck.
I scream in agony - the pain unbearable, unfixable - as Luca likewise moans and turns away from me, his shoulders shaking.
My wolf rips her neck from Luca's
wolf and yelps as she tears herself away, running hard and fast, leaving the length of our bond between us trying to get some distance. I sob as Luca's wolf goes after her for a moment before turning to the bond instead and taking his claws to it, shredding it to pieces.
I cry out again in shock and very real physical pain as he uses his teeth to tear it up -
As Luca shudders and stumbles for the door, pulling it open and then shifting, bolting out of the room -
###Chapter 0724
And then I'm screaming and crying aloud as Luca's wolf fades away, as the sense of Luca's physical presence fades from my mind - meaning that he's gone, he's gone -
I turn my face into the pillow, sobbing, physically unable to do anything else, the pain wracking through me.
I barely notice the stir at the door as I reach inwardly for my wolf, calling her back, wanting desperately to touch her, to ensure that she's okay. There are muffled curses and then shouts for someone to come -
I don't know how much time passes, but all I can do is concentrate on my poor bleeding wolf, who comes limping back towards me, her motion shaky, her eyes terrified and sad as she finally reaches for me, slipping her snout under my prone hand, wanting to be close but in terrible, terrible pain.
"Holy shit," someone mumbles behind me. "Get the fuck out of here! Right now!"
"Ben?" I whisper, turning my head towards him, recognizing him despite the change to his usual friendly tones.
"Get Jesse and Rafe Sinclair right the fuck now!"
There's a pause.
"I don't give a fuck if you don't know where they are! Find them! NOW!"
A door slams and my eyesight is fuzzy as I try to see - but honestly - I'm so broken -
"Ari?" Ben whispers, coming close.
"Benny," I gasp, turning fully towards him, reaching desperately.
He softly shushes and gathers me up into his arms, pulling me down on the floor to sit naked in his lap, rocking me back and forth. Ben doesn't say anything, doesn't ask me any questions, just rocks me for a long, long time.
As he does, I'm aware of the tension in him, the way he looks over me, the way he gently inspects me to make sure that I'm okay -
"Ari, baby," he murmurs, "what happened? I'm seeing a little blood here, but -"
He goes still as he tucks my hair back behind my ear, sees the mark that Luca left high on my neck.
"Oh...holy shit..." he murmurs.
"He broke it," I whisper, still sobbing, pulling myself closer to his chest as Ben reaches for the blanket from the bed and wraps it warm around me. "He broke the bond -" "He did what?" Ben whispers, appalled.
"He rejected me," I whisper, looking up into Ben's pretty eyes for the first time, my entire body trembling. "Benny - he - he rejected me -"
But then I'm sobbing again, unable to say more.
A long, soft string of curses comes out of Ben's mouth as he continues
to hold me tight and rock me gently, trying to give me what comfort he
can. But nothing
nothing can heal
this- 
en FindNovel
The door slams open and I immediately smell my brother.
"What happened!?" Rafe roars, storming into the room. He reaches for me, ripping me from Ben's arms, lifting me high against his chest.
I sob harder, so grateful that my brother is here, tucking myself against him.
"He fucking rejected her, Rafe," Ben snaps out, getting to his feet. "He marked her and then he rejected her."
"What!?" Rafe gasps, and then he
1.n
turns his shocked eyes to me. But I just shake my head, unable to bear it, my mind and eyesight going totally fuzzy even black. "That fucking bastard," he snarls. "I'm
going to kill him -" 
"She's passing out -" Ben gasps, striding forward. "We have to get her -"
I groan, going limp against my brother, my consciousness fading.
Rafe strides for the door with me in
forth
his arms, wrapped as best as I can be in the blanket. I barely keep my grip on consciousness enough. notice the scent of embers carried on a winter breeze - pine and cold things - 
"What?" Jackson gasps, reaching for me.
But my eyes flutter shut, my body going limp, in the same moment that he spins away, retching and vomiting all over the hallway floor.
###Chapter 0725
Jackson empties his stomach onto the corridor floor, one hand flat against the wall as he presses his eyes shut, his whole body trembling. Because - it can't be - What he saw can't be true-
But then why is he reacting like this? He gasps in a breath, turning back towards the figure in the Prince's arms. He sees it again, though - his eyes moving instantly to the mark high on her neck, still dripping blood - and her strange shifting scent - it hits him like a damn truck.
Jackson gags again, turning away, working hard to keep from retching.
"Clear this hall!" Rafe roars at the handful of cadets standing in the hall and peeking around the edges of their doors, staring fascinated at the tiny figure in his arms. Ben, standing with him, likewise snarls at the crowd. "All of you - either get in your room or go find Jesse Sinclair! Fucking now!"
Jackson's shoulders shake as he pushes himself up from the wall and he takes a deep breath. He turns towards Rafe but he can't - he just can't fucking look at her. Not like that - not marked. By him.
Ariel she's his mate. His girl. His fucking...everything.
Claimed by Luca Grant.
"Jackson," Rafe snaps, stepping closer as the hallway clears of frightened cadets who either slip back into their rooms or go running. "We have to get her -"
But Jackson just groans and steps away, shaking his head - holding his hand out flat towards Rafe - his shaking shoulders begging the Prince not to come closer.
"Jacks," Ben gasps, his eyes going wide. "You can't -"
"I - I need a minute," Jackson murmurs, devastated, ashamed of himself, his eyes falling to the ground. Because he knows what he has to do what he should do that he should take Ariel in his arms and hold her close and ensure that she's all right. But his wolf is howling within him, so full of grief, in real pain at what they now know.
At what they've lost.
He can't he can't hear anything - can't concentrate -
If he takes her, he'll drop her. Or just collapse to the ground with her in his arms, sobbing.
"Jackson!" Rafe snaps, appalled and ashamed. "Get your shit together! She needs -"
"Please," Jackson begs, taking another step away and putting both hands up now. "I'm - 1 -"
He moans, ducking his face into his hands, trying so hard to get his thoughts together, to pull himself together for her.
She needs him.
But his wolf is trembling in his grief, agonized by it. He lowers his snout to the ground and pants, hard, his eyes squeezed shut.
"Jacks," Ben whispers, stepping closer, reaching out a sympathetic hand.
"God, fucking mates," Rafe snarls, turning and storming away with Jackson's girl in his arms. "I curse the Goddess for making fucking mates. I'm taking her upstairs!"
Jackson moans at this too, taking a
step towards them, not wanting her gone - but then what? What does he want, for everyone to just stay in this hallway until he pulls himself
together? He grits his teeth ne
and p
pulls
his face from his hands, disgusted with himself, working so hard to be strong and just failing - failing when she needs him - 
But feeling so, so broken. So pathetic.
"Ben!" Rafe snaps over his shoulder, striding fast away. "Get Jesse! Jackson, come when you figure your shit out!"
Ben hesitates, looking after Rafe, wanting to obey - but he turns back to Jackson first.
"Are you okay, man?" Ben whispers, still holding his hand out but not daring to touch the devastated Alpha before him. Because he knows that in this volatile state Jackson, too, is dangerous.
"No," Jackson growls, working hard to take deep breaths in through his nose. "No, I'm not all right, I'm –“
But then Jackson's head snaps to the side, and his lips peel back, his fangs flashing.
"Jacks?" Ben whispers, yanking his hand back.
Jackson just snarls, lifting his nose in the air, sniffing again.
And yes, there it is
the scent of
that fucking traitor, who marked her and then hurt her and then ran. Ran - he doesn't know why - Jackson doesn't understand any of what happened. But one thing he does know for sure. 
"Jacks!” Ben gasps, realizing at last what's happening and grabbing for Jackson's arm, even if he risks his own safety by doing it.
Jackson wrenches his arm from Ben's hand and turns away. "I'm going to kill him," Jackson snarls to himself as much as to his friend. And then he shifts into his wolf and pounds down the hall, chasing Luca's
scent.
"Fucking mat?s," Rafe grumbles as he storms up the final set of stairs toward their room. "I fucking hate mates. Want some magic? No, need a mate! Want a nice calm
educational experience Ret
you're
at school? No! Here's your fucking ridiculous sister, and her two insane mates!" 
###Chapter 0726
He kicks the door open when he gets there, snapping the lock and gritting his teeth when he realizes that he'll just have to replace it. Regret fills him fully then, both for the door and his harsh thoughts towards his sister, neither of which deserved his treatment. But he's just so...pissed.
Rafe sighs, working hard to calm himself as he steps into the room. He looks down at his little sister in his arms, unconscious but breathing steadily, and knows he doesn't mean any of it. That he loves her, and is devastated for her, and just wants to fix the entire world so that things can just be easy for her sake, even if it means harder for his.
"But that's not your story, is it, trouble?" he murmurs, hefting her a bit in his arms, quite gentle, and carrying her over to her nook. There he settles her quite gently on the bed, taking a great deal of time to nestle her comfortably into the pillows and the blankets, ensuring that she has her favorite green one close by, pressed soft against her cheek. Then he lays several more warm blankets on top, tucking her in safe, terrified she'll be cold.
When Rafe stands, trembling a bit, and stares at her, he realizes again just how tiny she is, like a little rabbit.
So tiny, but so, so good - and so powerful - and so important.
"That fucking idiot," Rafe growls, running a frustrated hand through his hair as he grits his teeth. "Didn't even realize what he had." He sighs, putting his hands on his hips and staring at his sister who breathes peacefully. "What do you think, Ari, should we chop his head off? Or do you want to burn him to cinders?"
He waits. She doesn't say anything.
And Rafe's heart breaks for his little sister, who deserves so much better than this.
"I'm...I'm going to go across the room," he whispers, leaning close to her, speaking soft around the knot in his throat. "To get the first aid kit, all right?" He points to it, as if that's going to help.
Then he laughs at himself even as tears sting his eyes, because obviously she doesn't hear him. Rafe turns and strides away to the shelf where they keep the little kit of gauze and ointment. He's back halfway across the room when someone slams into the door and gasps when it flies open.
Rafe turns snarling towards it, his hands gripping the first aid kit so tight it cracks, but he loosens his grip when Jesse comes stumbling into the room, gasping, his face as pale as a ghost. "Wh-what-" he looks around, baffled, terrified.
"You were supposed to watch her," Rafe growls, taking two hard steps towards his.cousin, who looks disheveled as hell. He stops in tracks, Jooking Jesse over,
Cel
wondering why the fuck his shirt is mis-buttoned, his hair such a mess 
But then the scent pasted all over Jesse hits him, and Rafe's eyes go wide.
"What happened!?" Jesse barks out, glaring at Rafe and then striding for Ariel in the bed. He cries out when he sees her lying there, unconscious, and crawls across the bed to her far side, leaning close, inspecting her. When he sees the mark on her neck Jesse gasps and covers his mouth, just...staring. 
Rafe stares too - at the pair of them - his poor sister - and his cousin, who...who betrayed him.
Rafe's heart sinks deep, deep in his chest.
But he grits his teeth and pushes it aside because Ariel needs him right now. There are more important things to be done. The betrayal...
It can wait.
"Luca marked her and then rejected
her," Rafe snaps, pulling the
shattered remains of his heart together and then striding over to the bed with the first aid kit. He sits down hard on the side of the bed. and opens the kit, pulling out some supplies with which to clean the mark. Of course, if Luca had done it properly, it wouldn't be an open wound like this - it would have
started healing - but obviously,
some sort of interruption occurred.
"Why?" Jesse gasps, looking up at Rafe and shaking his head, completely baffled. "Why the fuck would he do that? Why would that happen? A marking and then -"
"I don't know," Rafe growls, shaking his head. "I don't know anything about it - when I got there Ben was holding her naked on the floor -"
"What the fuck..." Jesse breathes, sitting up straight and running his hands through his hair, his canines flashing as he stares down at his cousin, horrified for her and terribly confused.
Both Jesse and Rafe turn with snarls towards the door when they hear it creak open across the room.
###Chapter 0727
"Whoa," Ben says, holding his hands up at the door, his eyes going wide when he sees the vicious expressions on his friends' faces. "Guys, calm down. Obviously, you know I'm not going to hurt her." With a concentrated effort, Rafe reels in his protective instinct and swallows. "I'm sorry," he says through his teeth. "It is...difficult. She's hurt, we're -"
"No, I get it," Ben says, nodding as he takes a single step into the room. Jesse too settles back, just a little, though his muscles still stay tensely wound, ready to pounce. "I um...I went to the Captain and told him you needed a phone? I didn't tell him why - he wasn't happy about it, but he handed it over."
"What?" Jesse says, blinking, still trying to put all the pieces together.
"Thanks," Rafe says, solid, holding out a hand. "Bring it here. Shut the door."
"I thought you might want to...call your mom," Ben murmurs for Jesse's sake. "This seems beyond our capacities." He puts the phone in Rafe's hand and then slips his hands into his pockets.
"What do you mean?" Jesse asks, looking back down at Ariel, reaching out a hesitant hand and stroking it softly over her hair. Fear rushes through him again as Rafe dials the number and puts the phone to his ear, passing the first-aid kit to Jesse. Jesse frowns as he takes it, running his eyes over her blanketed form, wondering if there are more wounds than he's seeing besides the one on her neck. "Is she hurt elsewhere?"
"No," Ben says with a shrug. "I mean, I don't think so. I just I mean, do you know what to do? When a girl gets rejected by her mate?"
Jesse just stares at Ben, blank. Ben shrugs, glad he takes his point.
"Would you please clean up her neck?" Rafe snarls, glancing at Jesse as the phone connects and begins to ring.
Jesse jumps a little and then does as he's told, getting out some gauze and saline solution and turning Ariel's head to the side so that he can inspect the bite. He gently begins to pat at it, cleaning the blood away, his stomach sinking for his poor sweet cousin who tries so hard and has been through too much these past few days.
"Where's Jackson?" Jesse murmurs, glancing up at Ben.
"Um," Ben says, standing straight and grimacing as he runs his hand through his hair.
"What?" Jesse asks, going still with predatory focus. "Tell me."
"He...kind of went after Luca?" Ben says, awkward. "And says he's going to kill him?"
Jesse stays perfectly still for a long moment before he nods and looks back down at Ariel, continuing his work on the wound. "Good." "Good!?"
"Yeah, Ben," Jesse snarls, not looking at him. "If you seriously think Luca is getting away with this with his head, let alone his balls -" "Jesse!"
"I'm serious!" Jesse barks out, whipping his head up to glare at Ben. "This is fucking Ariel Sinclair! Not only is she the sweetest goddamn person on the earth, she's our last hope in this whole fucking wark If Luca Grant put her out of commission, he's to blame for everything that befalls Moon Valley! And even if he weren't I'd rip him to shreds anyway -" 
"Oh my god," Ben groans, dropping his head into his hands, finally understanding the magnitude of this.
"Would you two shut up?" Rafe
snarls, glaring at both of them. "They're getting her Mom!" He sits up straighter when the sweet voice sounds on the other line, worried. "Mom-um - we're all alive, but we need you to get here. Right now." 
There's a buzz of worry on the other end as Ella bursts out with questions.
"Ariel's unconscious," Rafe murmurs, trying to give her the details she needs. "Um - we'll tell you when you get - okay! Fine!" He sighs, shaking his head. "Luca - he fucking rejected her." He pauses. "What? Mom I don't know -"
Ben and Jesse watch in rapt silence.
"Mom!" Rafe bites out, his voice squeaking. "Look, I think she's going to be okay she's unconscious but she's breathing fine, and her pulse is steady can you just..." He sniffs hard, looking down at his little sister. "Can you just get here? Please? We're out of our depth. She needs you." 
Rafe nods once and then hangs up the phone.
"What did she say?" Jesse whispers, breathless.
"She's coming," Rafe says, nodding once, not looking at either of them. "And, um. That we should try to feed her when she wakes up. Keep up her strength."
"I've got peach rings," Jesse says, immediately springing out of bed and heading for the secret stash in his dresser, desperately glad to have something to do.
###Chapter 0728
"I'll get the kitchen to send the strawberry ice cream she likes," Ben murmurs, feeling utterly useless but thinking that it's better than nothing. He strides for the dumbwaiter. Rafe doesn't follow. Instead, he just collects the gauze that Jesse dropped and continues dabbing at the wound on Ariel's neck, doing his best to clean it for her.
"You just hang in there, baby trouble," he whispers, leaning close. "We'll take care of you. We've got you now."
Ariel just lays perfectly still. Deep down, Rafe is glad that she's not awake. Because when she does come around? God, but the reality of Luca's rejection is just... ...going to destroy her.
Jackson snarls as Luca's scent gets thicker in the air. He's been running for an hour, chasing him. God, fuck but Grant's fast. If he wasn't, Jackson would have caught him long before now.
But Grant's endurance has nothing on Jackson's.
Jackson snarls and picks up speed, almost tasting that bastard's blood on his tongue.
When Jackson breaks out of the woods he sees Grant, finally, across a field. Grant walks on two feet now, his steps dragging, his shoulders slumped, his head down. Jackson growls and sprints, closing the distance, his teeth bared.
Grant hears him coming - of course he does, Jackson is making no attempt at stealth. Luca spins, snarling, his hands already balled into fists, ready to take on the world. When Jackson is close enough to leap Grant screams his fury aloud into the air, a torrent of sound and misery and abjection. But doesn't move, doesn't even raise his hands to defend himself.
Almost like he thinks he deserves the fate flying towards him through the air. Welcomes it. Has been waiting for it.
At the last minute Jackson shifts in the air, his hand already clenched as he returns to his human body, his fist flying through the air and connecting solidly against Luca's jaw the moment before his feet again meet the ground.
"You fucking bastard!" Jackson shouts, his voice rough with agony.
Luca's whole head snaps hard to the side and he stumbles away, moaning and spitting blood.
Jackson's chest heaves as he advances, raising his fist again. But Luca's faster, as usual, and whips his hands up, hitting Jackson with a three-punch combination that has him stumbling back, blood spouting from his nose.
"Get the fuck away from me, you asshole!" Luca shouts, his words a little muffled by the pain in his jaw, but he brings his hands up in his fighter's stance, ready to go again if Jackson approaches. "I fucking left - isn't that enough!? You had to chase me down and rub it in!?"
"Rub it in!?" Jackson shouts, closing
the distance between them and whipping his whole arm around to hit Luca hard in the shoulder. Luca blocks but still goes stumbling to the side under the sheer weight and force of Jackson's body. They're not boxing, after all - and they both know that Jackson has the advantage when there aren't any rules. "You fucking marked her! You claimed her! My fucking mate!" 
"Take her!" Luca screams, still stumbling, exhausted and trying to catch his balance. "That bitch is all yours -" Jackson roars and steps close, smacking Luca hard in the face with the flat of his hand. "Don't you dare -"
But Luca screams, all the grief and the fury taking hold of him as he hurls himself at Jackson, blood pouring from his nose as he gets in whatever blows and punches he can, giving Jackson everything he has with no attempt to block or shield. Just trying to kill, to main, to hurt as much as he's been hurt. 
Jackson's had too much training for that, though. He takes a few hits, watching for his spot, and then shoves Luca hard when he gets a hand flat on his shoulder, sending him stumbling back a few steps. When there's some space between the two, Jackson whips his foot up and kicks, hard, right in the center of Luca's chest, sending him sprawling. 
The wind rushes from Luca's lungs as he hits the ground. He lays in the grass gasping, trying hard to draw breath.
Jackson stalks forward and kneels next to the prone man, a knee on his chest - not hard enough to crush, but heavy enough to be a warning that one move - one single wrong move and Luca's ribcage will be crushed.
"You fucking. Marked. My mate."
With a deepening snarl, Jackson leans in, trying to decide whether he should kill this man now? Or just let him suffer.
###Chapter 0729
"Yeah," Luca snarls, coughing and glaring up at Jacks, his words wheezing out under the pressure of Jackson's weight pressed tight against his chest. "I marked her - but she's your fucking mate, you asshole. Yours! She fucking picked you, Jacks! So go and get your fucking girl and leave me the hell out of it!"
Jackson stills, staring at him, uncomprehending.
Luca laughs, letting his head loll to the side, giving up the fight as blood trickles out of his mouth and his nose. "She fucking picked you, Jacks," he says, going limp beneath Jackson's knee - finally, finally giving into it. "I marked her, and she still fucking picked you." "What are you talking about?" Jackson whispers, still baffled.
He lifts his knee, slightly, easing up. But it's not mercy that makes him do it - just sheer confusion.
"When I gave her my mark," Luca snaps, still not looking up. "She shoved me away. Told me she didn't want it." He turns his head to glare at Jackson, hate and desperate, jealous rage in every inch of his expression. "She wants you. Though I couldn't tell you why. She's always had shit taste -"
Jackson punches him, hard, across the other cheek.
Luca groans, coughing, his head snapping to the side, his eyes pressing shut with agony.
Jackson instantly feels guilty, further letting up the pressure on Luca's chest and shifting to kneel at his side, still staring down at him.
"Will you just...go?" Luca murmurs, his cheek pressed to the grass and the dirt, his eyes closed. "You fucking won, all right? She wants you."
To Jackson's horror, Luca begins to cry, tears slipping from his eyes.
"She...she only wants you."
Jacks stares down at Grant, his enemy, the man he came here to kill. The man who marked the woman he loves. But he just looks so pathetic now...
"I rejected her, so you should have smooth fucking sailing -"
"You WHAT!?" Jackson shouts, horrified. Luca gasps, still crying but turning his head back up to Jackson in surprise. When he doesn't say anything Jackson grabs Luca by the shirt, hauling him up so that their faces are inches apart. "You did what to Ariel?" "I rejected her!" Luca shouts, agonized and angry and horrified and viciously pleased to have hurt her in return. "You can have her! I don't even want that bitch if she can't -"
Jackson roars again and shoves Luca back to the ground, rising to his feet and giving Luca a sharp kick in the ribs. And then another for good measure.
"You fucking fool," Jackson seethes,
staring down at Grant, who just sobs in the dirt. "The Goddess laid the best thing in the world at your feet, and you're fucking stupid enough to reject it, calling her a bitch and lying toyourself, telling yourself you were ever good enough for her 
But Luca doesn't respond. He just curls in on himself and sobs.
"You're a fucking fool." Jackson sneers at this pathetic excuse for a man and turns away, stalking back toward the woods. A moment later his walk turns into a run. And then he shifts, sprinting in his wolf form as fast as he can back towards the Castle. Because he didn't know. He honestly didn't know.
If he'd have known, he'd never have left her.
Ariel, rejected. And him not there to hold her.
Fool, fool. He, too, was a fool.
The breath burns his lungs, but Jackson pushes himself faster, desperate to be at her side.
The helicopter lands not on the roof, where it usually does, but on the grass immediately outside the Castle's front door. There's no time to wait.
The blades continue to whirl as Cora steps out of the small body of the chopper, but she immediately scowls and throws up a little forcefield of air around her so that she can hear and doesn't get blown away. "Ella!" she snarls, turning back to the dark interior of the helicopter. "This is crazy! I -"
"Just do it, Cora!"
"But it's just so stupid! We can just go upstairs!"
"Hello!?" A shocked voice calls as a woman comes stumbling out of the door of the castle. Cora spins, her, eyes sweeping over the person and realizing that they're not a Cadet but a member of staff. "Can - can I help you? You can't have this helicopter here it's dangerous!" 
-
Cora glances back at Ella, scowling, but when Ella shoots out a foot and gives her a little kick Cora steps forward, grumbling, towards the
shocked staff member and snap net
her hands to her hips. "I am Duchess Cora Sinclair!" she intones, far more formally than seems necessary. "And I...demand that my nephew, Cadet Andrew Clark -" 
###Chapter 0730
"Ari! Ari Clark!" Ella hisses from inside the helicopter.
"Cadet Ari Clark!" Cora says, lifting her chin and regally pretending the mistake didn't happen. "Appear immediately! With, um, my kid! Jesse! And my other nephew! Rafe!"
"Wh-what?" the staff member says, staring at her, baffled.
"Oh, will you just go get Ari, Rafe, and Jesse?" Cora sighs, dropping her hands from her hips, her shoulders slumping. "Oh, and the seamstress! The pretty one! Now, please," she slaps on a charming smile. "It's important." "Um, okay?" the staff member says, looking at the duchess like she might be insane. But she scurries inside, intent on the task.
Two minutes later, the doors open again and Jesse and Rafe appear, Ariel awake and bundled in Rafe's arms.
"Mom!" Rafe calls, worried, striding for the door to the helicopter. "What the hell are you doing!? Why didn't you just come inside?"
"Because we're not going inside," Ella says, gesturing for Rafe to climb into the helicopter and then reaching for her daughter.
"Mama," Ariel croaks, quite tender, reaching for her mom and wrapping an arm around her neck, burying her face in her mother's shoulder. "There, baby," Ella coos. "I'm here now. We're going to take you on a little vacation."
"What!?" Rafe breathes.
"What's going on?" Jesse asks, giving his mom a hug but then frowning at her. "Ariel can't travel, she -"
"Listen, it's Ella's world when one of her kids is hurt," Cora sighs, shaking her head at Jesse. "She gets what she wants, and she wants to take Ariel away for a few days so she can recuperate."
"Yes, you go now," Ella says, giving Rafe a little kick on the rump. "I love you, but go away."
"What!?" Rafe gasps, staring down at his mother and his sister. "I -"
"It's a girl's trip, Rafe," Ella says, giving him a glare. "She's been too long with all of you boys, she needs girls."
"But -"
"Go!" Ella growls, baring her teeth to let her son know that she's serious.
He groans but does as he's told, knowing that not only is Ariel in the hands of a very capable magical healer, but that Ella is the best person in the world for making someone feel better. If Ella says Ariel needs a girl's trip, then that's what she needs. "Where's Daphne?" Cora asks, peering over Jesse's shoulder.
"What?" Jesse asks, going still and staring at his mom as Rafe hops down out of the helicopter. "You're taking...Daphne?"
Before Cora can answer the girl in question peeks wide-eyed around the door, a little grey kitten peering out from the pocket of her sewing smock.
"Oh, good!" Cora says, beaming at Daphne and striding around her son to take the girl's hand. "Come on, we're abducting you."
"But-" Daphne gasps, looking desperately at Jesse. "I don't -"
"Ariel's been rejected and needs
girls," Ella says, smiling warmly at Daphne as Cora helps her into the helicopter. "And she loves you? So, I figured you'd want to come along. You like spas, right?" 
—
"But I have work -" Daphne says, sitting down even as she looks desperately at Jesse. The kitten ducks low in his pocket, hiding. But then Daphne's head snaps back shock written all over it. "Wait, Ariel got rejected!? Oh my god," she snarls. "I'm going to kill Luca." 
"See, you're already in the right spirit for this trip," Cora says, clapping Daphne warm on the shoulder.
Ari just sobs quietly into her mother's shoulder.
"Be a dear and close the door, Meatball," Ella says, smiling gently at her son. "You did a good job - but we'll take it from here."
Rafe sighs and reaches out for the
door as Jesse stands pale at his
side, his eyes darting between Ariel and Daphne. "You'll keep us updated? Let us know that she's all right?" 
"Of course, baby," Ella says, stroking Ariel's back. "Just keep your phone on."
Rafe nods once and then closes the helicopter door, knowing he did everything that he could - that Ariel's in the best place she can be.
Almost immediately after the door is shut the helicopter lifts into the air, heading off into the night.
Just as it begins to fade from sight, a huge wolf bounds from the treeline and into the field.
He spins, horrified, watching as the helicopter pulls away.
And then he howls, full of grief, and falls panting to the ground.
He doesn't tear his eyes from the helicopter until it fades into the distance, vanishing from sight.
###Chapter 0731
I'm honestly not aware of much as we fly to...wherever the hell we're going. I mostly just concentrate on my mom's warm presence at my side, and the soft murmuring things she says to me, even if I don't know what they mean. Still, something about them dulls the
gnawing ache in my heart.
An ache which seems to get bigger and bigger as the moments pass, like a cliff, or a quarry, with unsteady edges - my whole world threatening to just tilt in and smash to pieces at the bottom.
But my mom holds me together. I feel her healing magic sweep through me as she strokes my hair, feel her healing all the little cuts and bruises from the battlefield, the tiny scrapes and bumps. I only lift my head to stop her once, when the magic brushes against the cuts on my palms.
The ones Gibson left with that slash of his knife in the moments before he opened Tony's throat.
"No, please," I croak, shaking my head. "I need them - they're all I have left -"
"Oh sugar," mom whispers, stroking my cheek. "We all have to heal sometime."
I nod, knowing she's right. "Can you - can you not heal it smooth? Can you leave scars?"
"Yes, baby," she whispers. "We'll leave you the scars so your hands can always bear witness to what Tony gave for you. Okay? I promise."
I nod, tears slipping down my cheeks.
"Now let me work, baby," she whispers. I tuck my face back against her shoulder and sob as I feel her magic sweep over my palms, ending the physical pain but leaving so much behind.
Last of all she heals the mark on my neck, and as much as I know she tries to smooth it as best she can, I can feel it take shape into the other scar that I will bear forever.
The mark. Luca's mark, which claimed me as his minutes before he rejected me.
I sob to feel it heal, not because it hurts but because...it's a door closed. I'll never not bear it. Every time I look in the mirror and see it I'll remember that moment, that terrible mistake. "Now now, baby," mom murmurs, stroking her hand long over my back. "We'll take it from here. You just let us help."
Cora and Daphne murmur their support too, and I do feel safe.
But still the ache - it's bone deep. Perhaps deeper, to beyond whatever is beneath that.
Things move fast once the helicopter starts to descend. I
recognize the spa immediately - it's small, very elite and - most important to mom - very discreet. I don't know what the hell she must have paid to have the whole place cleared out for just the four of us - but, well. Money we have and I'm sure mom wants to be alone. 
I'm bundled off the elevator and into a very strong man's arms the moment we land. I look up at him curiously kind of confused, but he just smiles gently at me and carries me away to our room. There I'm bundled away into a bed in a dark room. Cora and Daphne cuddle in around me, quite quiet, while mom oversees the delivery of cart after cart of food. 
Then mom comes into bed with me, and puts on movies that I don't watch, and we all sit very calmly for a long, long time. Mom gives me a sip of the birth control potion, murmuring something about. case," and then feeds me a few bites of ice cream. I barely taste it, though, and before long my eyes are
drooping. 
When I realize what's happening, I whip my head up to glare at her. "You drugged me," I murmur, my lips barely moving as the sleeping medicine she must have worked into the ice cream takes hold.
"Yes, baby," mom murmurs, stroking a hand over my hair. "You can thank me in the morning."
I'm asleep before I can even think about whether or not I'm mad to be sent off to sleep.
When I wake up, the room is sunny, and Daphne is propped up next to me in a very lush robe, her hair lovely and shining as it falls around her shoulders. She flicks through the TV channels and sips from something in a mug that smells spicy and chocolatey and lovely.
"Gimme that," I murmur, reaching for her cup.
Daphne jumps and then bursts into a smile. "Sit up first, or you'll spill it all over yourself."
I grumble but haul myself into a sitting position, leaning back against what is probably sixteen lush pillows. When I'm settled, Daphne hands me the cocoa and I take a long sip, relishing the warm feel of it down my throat, the sugar and spicey taste on my tongue.
"You slept for a long time," Daphne murmurs, reaching out and stroking a hand over my hair. "We were worried about you. Your mom and aunt made me stay in here to make sure you're still breathing."
"Oh please," I croak, my throat still a little dry, looking up into her eyes. "They're just checking out the wine menu in peace."
Daphne laughs and the smallest smile finds my mouth before it falls away. I take another sip and then hold out the mug to my friend.
###Chapter 0732
"Oh, you keep it," she says, holding up a hand. "It's good to see you drink something."
I nod and look around for a minute, continuing to sip from the cup. "Where is Mittens?" I whisper, intuiting that he's a secret.
"He's been hiding," Daphne says, unable to keep the little smile from her lips as she pulls back the blankets a little bit to reveal the little cat curled in her lap. "He's very good at it, unsurprisingly."
I reach out a finger and stroke it over his tiny head a few times, enjoying the soft shadowy feel of the tiny cat. Daphne and I silent for a long, peaceful few moments.
"Are you okay, Ari?" Daphne whispers, breaking it. But I don't begrudge her that I know she's worried. "I mean, I know you're not - I just - these past few days."
"I know," I whisper, opening my eyes a little and looking down at my cup. "A few days ago I had...all of them. And now Tony is gone. And Luca is..." my lip trembles and my throat seizes up. Daphne squeaks sadly and moves closer to me, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and tilting me a little so that I lean against her.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought it up," she whispers.
"It's okay," I sigh. "I mean, it's kind of the only thing on my mind anyway."
"Oh good!" mom says, beaming as she bustles into the room in her own fancy robe. "You're up! Now we can get started with step 2!"
"What's that?" I ask, frowning at her. "What was step 1?"
"Step 1 was making sure you survive," mom says, plopping down on the bed and leaning close to give me a kiss. "Step 2 is feeding you! And also distracting you from your woe."
I groan a little, wanting to hold onto my woe a little bit. I don't know why - maybe it's just...the only thing that feels real. "What's step 3? Can we skip right to that?"
"Step 3," mom says cheerfully, "is -"
"Bloody revenge."
We all spin to see Cora leaning in the doorway, grinning at us a little deviously. I laugh - I can't help it. "You have many options, baby," Cora says, coming close and stroking a hand over my hair. "We can skin him alive, or we can cut his toes off and make him eat them, or we can -"
"Oh my god," I say, looking at my aunt with wide eyes. "You've...thought about this."
"Yeah, well," she sighs. "You've been asleep a long time, kid. What else were we going to do?"
I look around in shock at my three lovely defenders and can't help smiling again when mom and Daphne just shrug, like Cora's precisely right.
"Oh, revenge later," I say with a sigh. "Now...can we have wine? And maybe...more ice cream? Without the sleep meds this time?"
"The perfect medicine," mom murmurs, pressing a kiss to my cheek. "I knew I raised you right."
A few hours later, my skin is buffed, my hair has gone through four treatments that have left it shiny and lustrous, and my nails are a pretty blushing pink. I'm also about four
glasses of wine deep and houret
exclusively eaten bowl after bowl of ice cream today, so my mind is sufficiently unable to mope as much as it would if I stayed back at the castle. Deep down, I'm very grateful for my mom knowing precisely what to do. 
I mean nothing is fixed, and nothing has changed. But my soul has been wrapped in a comfortable quilt of pampering girly things, and honestly, I'm the best I could be right now. I mean, it's not good but...I am comfortable. 
Mom. She really does know.
"This is a shame," I say with a sigh, looking at my fingernails as I sit with my three companions on the wide plush couch in our sunny suite. "I'm going to have to take this off before I go back to school."
"Screw it," Cora says, taking a big bite of a pretzel slathered in mustard. "Boys can wear nail polish too." She returns the half-finished pretzel to the wide coffee table, which is predictably covered in food. "Not little shrimpy ones who are trying to convince people that they're not a girl."
"I wonder how much of your secret is intact though," Daphne says, frowning at me a little, her voice gentle. "After Rafe carried you...pretty naked through the halls.
"I had a blanket," I growl, snatching a wrapped piece of candy off the table and throwing it at her.
Daphne grins. "And no hat. What mystery, a girl in Rafe Sinclair's arms with a pretty rose-gold braid arching over her head -"
"Oh, shut up, they saw that in the Examination too and they're all too stupid to figure it out. Or, at least too scared to say anything."
Mom beams at me, I think pleased
to see that I'm feeling well enough to
be cheeky, "You okay, baby?" she asks, soft The first time, really, that
she's invited me to talk about it Which must mean she thinks I'm
strong enough to talk about it now. 
###Chapter 0733
Mom's confidence boosts me, even though it is hard to even think about what happened.
"I'm not sure I'm okay," I say, dropping my head to look down at my glass of wine. "I'm not sure I'll ever be...who I was. Or I'll never not...want things to be different." My hand drifts higher now, my palm cupping the bandage that covers my mark. It's fully healed, I'm just...not ready to look at it yet.
"I think that makes a lot of sense, baby," Cora says, nodding to me. "I think...this is probably one of the great tragedies of life, akin to losing a parent. You're going to be feeling a lot of grief for a long time."
"But you will get through it," Daphne says, smiling softly at me and putting a hand on my knee.
I look over at her with a tremulous smile, knowing she knows what she's talking about. And as I look around at the three women who are being so supportive, my eyes fill with tears because I know that each of their lives has been struck with tragedy.
And yet, here they are. Strong and happy, whole enough to come and help me when I need them.
My eyes fill with tears as I look around at each of them in turn - just so, so grateful.
"Oh god, she's crying again," Cora says, sitting up straight and reaching for one of the many bottles of wine that ring the table.
"Quick, her glass!" Mom gasps, over-dramatic, pointing to it in my hand with a shaking finger. "Fill it! Go!"
I burst out laughing, even as tears start their way down my cheeks and Cora refills my glass. "It's fine to cry!" I protest. "That's what we're here for, isn't it!?"
"Of course, baby," mom says, leaning forward towards me. "But you can laugh too. It's...all part of it. We just love you and want to be here with you through all of these hard first couple of hours and days. Until my little bird gets her strength back and can fly again."
I look at her, my lips a little tremulous. "You really think that's going to happen? That I'll...get back on my feet?"
"Oh, trouble," mom says, her face breaking into a little smirk. "I'm sure of it."
"To men!" Cora says, impulsive and a little tipsy, raising her own glass. "May they all meet the violent ends they deserve for torturing our poor innocent hearts! And, in their death, leave us enough money in their wills that we can go on more spa trips." 
"Woo!" mom says, laughing and clinking her glass against Cora's.
I laugh but then scowl around at the three of them. "Oh, please," I say, smiling just a little. "It's not like you three don't have perfect relationships."
My mom presses a hand to her heart, pretending to be aghast at such a declaration. "If you think that your father has not put me through the emotional ringer, baby-"
"Twenty years ago!" I accuse, laughing and throwing a piece of popcorn at her in turn.
"And don't get me started on Roger," Cora murmurs, smirking. "Bane of my existence."
"Love of your life," I snarl, sending popcorn her way too. She laughs and grins at me, tacitly admitting it.
He does torture her, but she loves every minute.
"Well Daphne saves us, then," mom says, gesturing toward my suspiciously quiet friend. "She and Rafe broke up, right? So it can't be all paradise in her little sewing room, can it?" 
"Oh, Rafe and Daphne broke up," I say, a wicked smile spreading over my face. "But I suppose this means Daphne has not yet told you the provenance of a certain tiny kitten?" 
en FindNovel
IMS
###Chapter 0734
As if he knows we're talking about him - and, considering his attention-loving source of existence, that's probably true - Mittens climbs up over the back of the couch, meowing and parading back and forth with his tail high.
Mom and Cora's mouths drop open as they stare first at the shadow cat, and then at Daphne, who bundles him off of the back of the sofa and into her arms.
"I told you to stay hidden, you little menace," she whispers, blushing and looking down at the cat who gnaws playfully at her thumb.
"Well well," Cora says, leaning back against her couch cushion and grinning at the love of her son's life. "I guess Dominic owes me fifty bucks after all."
I gasp, leaning forward and staring at my mom and aunt. "You bet on our love lives!?"
"No, baby!" mom protests far too innocently, frowning at me like she's ashamed I'd even suggest it. "We'd never do that!"
"This is so unfair, Cora has an advantage, she's all of our godparents," I say, pointing at her.
"That's why I get terrible odds," she says with a sigh, nodding. "Roger hates it."
"You're both unbelievable," I sigh, sitting back on the couch and glancing at Daphne, pleased to see that the blush has faded from her cheeks just a bit. But Cora notices it too and pounces, not letting her off that easy.
"So," she says, leaning forward and peering into Daphne's face. "Is my boy a good boyfriend? He'd better be polite to you - you have my permission to smack him if he's not -"
"He's - he's very polite!" Daphne sputters out, laughing and blushing again.
"But not like...too polite, right?" Cora says, narrowing her eyes a bit. "I didn't raise my boy to be too scared to grab his girl and -"
"You come here," mom says, laughing a little and scootching closer to me, pulling me tight against side while Cora
continues to torture Daphne. I laugh a little too, watching Daphne melt into the couch with embarrassment under Cora's good-natured teasing. 
But I lean against my mom and take a deep breath and a sip of my wine. "It's good to be here," I sigh. "Thank you so much, mama.
"Of course," she murmurs, pressing a kiss to my head.
"Um," I say quietly, fiddling with the
stem of my wine glass. "Do you think I could talk to dad for a little bit? On video chat? I mean, I know why he really couldn't come
know he's at the front -" 
"He wanted to, baby," mom whispers, stroking my hair. "Only something that serious would have kept him away."
"It's okay," I say, nodding and looking at her. "But dad's...done this before, right? With Lydia?"
She nods slowly. "He wants to talk to you too. But I told him to wait until you were ready for it."
"Well," I whisper, "I think I'm ready for it." My heart sinks in my chest as I wonder if that's true. "I'd just like
to know...what to expect, you know? In the days to come?"
"Of course, sugar," mom says, beaming at me and getting to her feet. "I'll call him now, see if he can set a few minutes aside."
"Oh, are we calling boys?" Cora asks, cheerfully getting up and leaving Daphne alone. Daphne groans with relief, finishing her wine in one big slug and making me laugh.
"Yes, come on, you can talk to your boyfriend after I talk to mine,” mom sighs, waving Cora along with her into the kitchen, where she left her tablet Cora eagerly follows and grab the bottle of wine, refilling Daphne's glass. 
"Thank you," she sighs, and I grin at her. "Is it always going to be like this?"
###Chapter 0735
I laugh. "You picked the wrong Sinclair boy if you didn't want to be teased," I say, grinning at her as I settle back into the cushions. "Mom and dad would have been far more polite."
Daphne sighs dramatically and gives a big shrug like it can't be helped. "I shall simply have to endure, then." She scoops Mittens up into her hands and lifts him to her shoulder, where he starts to bat playfully at her curls.
"Daph?" I ask quietly, studying her face. "Is...is Jesse your mate?"
She turns to me, her face quite solemn. "I honestly don't know, Ari."
My mouth twists a little. "I mean, you'd know," I say, trying to be gentle.
But she shakes her head, looking off into the kitchen, I think wanting mine and Jesse's mothers to be separate from this conversation. "I know what you mean but...it's more complicated than that," she murmurs. "The connection with him - it wasn't instant, and my wolf just...can't decide. It's not like other mates - the bond, if there is one, has not snapped into place. But the way we feel about each other? And the way he smells?" She groans and rolls her eyes, tilting her head back against the couch.
"Oh, you're exaggerating," I sigh, grinning and tilting my head back too. "Jesse smells like corn chips and despair."
"Oh, no he doesn't," she sighs. "He smells like a chai latte, and old books, and a warm old sweater..." "So, like wet wool?" I say, my face again twisting with doubt.
Daphne laughs and swats at me. "Shut up. I love it."
I grin, nodding to her. "I'm just teasing. You know my cousin has my whole heart. But, you're getting mixed messages? Like, half bond half not?"
"Yeah," she says, her face falling
straight again. "And I wonder if it's because he's half human? Or..." she shrugs. really don't know. I think that's why I tried to deny it for so long but... he's really special to me, Ariel. Even if he's not my mate, I want to keep him." 
I smile at her, terribly happy for my friend. "Good. I'm glad to have a new sister-cousin, then."
She beams at me, I think realizing
for the first time that she's part of
the family, even if she doesn't have his mark or a ring. Just his strange little half-substantial shadow cat, which is very Jesse and likely just as good. 
"Thanks, Ari," she says, leaning forward and wrapping me up in a warm hug. "I'm glad you're my sister- cousin now too."
I hold my friend close, taking a deep breath of her own pretty cinnamon scent, feeling cozy and warm.
In the other
I hear the soft
sound of mom and my dad
talking, and my heart soars to think that I get to talk to him soon. And quite suddenly I start to realize that well, perhaps things are looking up. 
But still, my heart sinks, because...
There's one big thing on my heart that I haven't touched yet. I hang my head a little, looking down into my wine glass and giving the pretty golden liquid a limp swirl.
"Tell me," Daphne murmurs. I look up to see her turning her head at me, sweet and thoughtful. "Please,
Ari, what are you thinking about? It might help to get it out."
And I sigh, frightened to touch this line of thinking that I haven't allowed myself to go to all day, even though it's been slowly revolving in the back of my mind.
"I'm thinking about Jacks."
###Chapter 0736
"Oh, Ari," Daphne murmurs, leaning close to me and plopping Mittens into my lap before putting her arms around my shoulders, pulling me in for a hug. "Why on earth could you possibly be worried about Jackson now? He's fine!"
"He's not fine," I sigh, leaning against her for a pleasant moment before sitting up straight and shaking my head at my friend. "The last thing I remember before I passed out was Jackson throwing up at the sight of me -"
"He what!?"
I nod vehemently. "He got sight of me, Daphne - or scent or something - and just threw up all over the hall
"
"Oh my god."
"I know," I moan, letting my head tilt back. "I'm just...terrified. What if he can't stand to be in the same
room as me anymore? What if I make him physically ill because I bear someone else's mark?" I hang my head, starting to tremble a bit at the idea. "What if he doesn't love me anymore?"
"Oh, Ariel, that can't possibly be true," Daphne murmurs, stroking a hand soft over my hair. "That boy is obsessed with you."
"He was. It's - what if it's different now?"
"It won't be. A mark or a lack of a mark isn't going to change everything he adored about you."
I bite my lip. "But what if he... what if our being mated was the only reason he liked me? What if now that things are different with me he realizes how boring and silly I am -"
"Oh, you stop that right now," Daphne snaps, her voice harsh. I look up at her in surprise. "You are not boring and silly, Ariel. And I understand your concerns, but you're letting your fears run away with you. I bet you anything - I'd even bet Mittens here -"
The little cat spins to look at her, appalled.
"- that Jackson is in his wolf form, all curled up at the bottom of your bed, missing and worried about you
"Why do you think he'd be in my bed?" I ask, narrowing my eyes at her.
Daphne smirks a bit. "Jesse's got a lot of great traits, but his pillow-talk habit of spilling secrets is very good for me and very bad for everyone else. Come on, Ari," she says, smirking and raising an eyebrow at me. "I know where Jackson sleeps."
I gasp but then laugh despite myself, my best friend tumbling into laughter with me a moment later. "God damn it, Jesse," I growl, shaking my head a bit. "What else do you know?"
"I know," Daphne says, smiling at me quietly, "that Jackson loves you, Ariel. Bond or not, mark or not. I have every faith in the world that he's just sitting, miserable, worried as he waiting for you to come & back. You should text the boys," she says, nodding to the kitchen where I know the phone is. "I'm sure they'll confirm it." 
"Yeah," I say on a sigh, looking that way too. "I suppose I should."
But then I frown, because mom and Cora's faces are...very serious.
"All okay in there?" I call out.
Cora and mom look up at me and then at each other.
"We're going to take this in the bedroom for a second, girls," mom says, picking up the tablet and carrying
it away to the other room. "Nothing to worry on, so don't freak out. Just...taking a minute.
Despite my mother's words, I feel my blood go icy with fear.
"What are you talking about, Dominic?" Ella says, frowning at her mate as she closes the bedroom door and flicks on the light. Cora stands close by, arms crossed, likewise waiting for an answer.
"Let's go over this again," Dominic says with a sigh, Roger peering curiously over his shoulder. "You brought Ariel to this spa and she cried the whole way on the helicopter. You healed a couple of cuts and bruises during the trip, but then you gave her some sleeping medicine and she slept for sixteen hours, and then you fed her ice cream for breakfast and she got a facial? And she's...fine?"
"She is not fine, Dom," Cora says, shaking her head at her brother-in-law, her lips drawn into a thin line. "The girl is devastated -"
"No, you don't understand," Dominic snaps, interrupting, harsher and less patient than he usually is. Cora and Ella, look at each other worried.
"When I broke the bond with Lydia,"

he continues was shattered, Ella. And not just emotionally - physically Roger nods solemnly behind Dominic, remembering those days, even if they hadn't been close. "I didn't eat anything but broth for two weeks - I lost about fifty pounds for the first few days my legs didn't function -" 
Ella's and Cora's mouths drop open in shock.
###Chapter 0737
"I was under the assumption, Ella," Dominic says, leaning forward towards her, "that you would see Ariel and realize that she needed to be taken to a major medical facility for rehabilitation. Not a spa. It's - god, Ella, but it should be impossible for her to be sitting on a couch drinking a glass of wine and laughing at her friend's jokes!"
"But she is, Dominic," Cora says, shaking her head at him. "The girl is a wreck but she's nowhere near close to that description. Could it be because the bond was newer? You and Lydia were together for years
"No," Dominic says, shaking his head as he looks at each of them in turn. "I've spoken to others who have experienced breaking a mating bond - it's always the same no matter the length of time. The physical effects are always devastating as well as the emotional."
"What the hell is going on," Ella breathes, looking towards the door and running an anxious hand through her rose-gold hair. "Why is my girl different?"
"Have you considered..." Roger hesitates now, glancing down at Dominic.
Dominic looks up at his brother, clearly inviting any insight.
"Look, I did a lot of research on mating bonds back when we were young and Dominic and Lydia's formed theirs," Roger says, glancing at each of his listeners in turn. He sighs. "We don't need to go into the reasons why I was devastated."
Each of the listeners nods, remembering that Roger and Lydia had been engaged when Dominic turned sixteen and his bond with Lydia snapped into place.
"But I do remember," Roger continues, "reading about rare cases in which bonds weren't fully broken but instead...bruised? Or drawn quite thin? Shredded and damaged but...intact."
Ella gasps a little, a hand flying to her mouth.
Dominic curses low under his breath, turning back to the camera and glaring hard into it. "If that boy didn't even have the courage to give her a clean break," he snarls, "I'm going to kill him, revive him, and kill him again just for the pleasure of it."
"D-do you think you can tell, Ella?" Cora whispers, looking at her sister. "You've checked on her bonds before -"
"Yes, I can try," Ella says, passing the tablet to Cora and striding for the door. "You stay here and...let me see what I can suss out."
Cora sighs, anxious, and watches her sister pass through the door.
"All right, chickens," Ella says with a happy sigh, hiding her worry under a kind motherly smile as she quickly crosses the room to stand behind Ariel on the couch. "Have we thought about what we want for dinner?"
"Oh, cut it, mom," Ariel says, anxious, looking up at her. Ella's face bursts into a real smile as she looks down at her daughter, reaching out her hands to stroke over her pretty hair. "We know something is up, the way you skittered off to speak in private."
"Nothing's up, trouble," Ella
murmurs, continuing to pet her baby. "Your dad's just worried and we didn't want you to hear him getting all snappy. You need a calm and relaxed atmosphere. Plus, he didn't want you drinking any wine and
had to tell him how I felt about that. You didn't want to see mommy and daddy fight, did you?" 
"I know you're lying," Ariel sighs, rolling her eyes.
"No, I'm not, I've never lied a day in my life," Ella coos, gently using her fingers to turn Ariel's face back down. "Now your beloved papa is very concerned and wants me to do another magical sweep to make sure you've got no more cuts and bruises. Is that okay?"
"I mean, I'm fine," Ariel says with a sigh and a shrug. "But all right."
"That's my good little peanut," Ella murmurs, shutting her eyes and letting the lavender light of her gift spill
out of her, sweeping down into Ariel's being and looking for anything amiss.
"I'll never get used to this," Daphne murmurs, quite awed.
"Yes, you will, she'll be giving you your own scans every two weeks now that you're part of the family," Ariel murmurs. Ella smirks at this truth but doesn't comment, looking further and deeper beyond Ariel's physical body, searching her soul.
And...there. Yes, right at the center,
Yel
where she knew they'd be, are Ariel's bonds - stretched long and silver in several directions. The faded and sleeping bonds that are standard between a child and her parents are there so vivid in early life but
dormant as the child grows. And
then the unique ones with her
brother and her cousin. And then, beyond those... 
Ella fights the urge to gasp at what she sees.
###Chapter 0738
"Just five minutes, then you can talk to your dad!" Ella calls cheerfully to Ariel as she slips back into the bedroom, pulling the door carefully shut behind her. But the moment she turns back to Cora, all kindness slips away from her face.
"I'm going to murder that stupid boxer."
"Oh no," Cora sighs, her shoulders slumping.
"Ella, can you please come over here?" Dominic sighs. "It's very hard to hear you -"
Ella sighs and storms over to the bed, sitting down hard next to her sister. "You were right, Roger."
"Usually my four favorite words," Roger sighs, shaking his head. "Though not today."
"Tell me," Dominic orders, stern.
"I looked," Ella says. "Her bond with Jackson is quite strong - bright and shining. But next to it, the one
with Luca - it's still there. Not broken, not disappeared. Just ragged as all hell and stretching out towards him, wherever he is in the world."
Dominic groans, devastated by the news, and ducks his face into his hands.
"Oh, Luca's in the city," Cora murmurs innocently.
Ella glances at her with a frown but turns back to the tablet when Roger speaks.
"Is it not better, in some ways?" Roger asks, hesitant. "She's not broken by this - she's not ill like Dominic was. I'm not trying to downplay what she's been through, I'm just saying
"No, I'm glad she's not going through what I want through," Dominic says, raising his head. "I just...I hate that that smug little bastard still has a claim on her. He's going to keep doing this to her - reeling her in, making his demands, and hurting her when he doesn't get what he wants. It's despicable for a man to tell the woman he loves that she's rejected, to shred the bond almost to the snapping point, and then to leave it intact."
"And Ariel's so sweet," Ella murmurs, worried. "That if she has a chance to try again, to renew the bond - she'll probably take it. The boy means a lot to her. She loves him, I'm sure of it, and she's generous of heart enough to see his good attributes when she should worry about the bad."
"It would have been...hard on her," Dominic sighs, softly shaking his head. "But in the long run, a clean break would have been better. It would have killed me to see her in that kind of pain, but I'd have taken that choice if it meant a clean break from him. I never regretted breaking from Lydia. But to use rejection as a punishment, and then to keep the bond..." 
Dominic shakes his head, disgusted.
"We should have him arrested," Roger murmurs, nodding.
"What?" Cora breathes. "Roger, it's not illegal -"
"Well, it should be," he growls,
glaring hard at the screen, though his anger is, of course, all for one tall dimpled playboy and not his wife
"We could have him court
marshalled for dropping out orel
school in a time of war. Desertion. Lock him up in a dungeon, let the rats gnaw at his toes -"
"We don't have a dungeon, Rog," Dominic sighs.
"Should have built one when I told you to twenty years ago," Roger murmurs, looking rather superiorly down at the desk. "Would come in handy right now, wouldn't it?"
"I'm not worried about Luca. Or his toes," Dominic says, frowning and glancing to his brother like it's weird that they got on that subject in the first place. "We need to think about what's best for Ariel."
"Well, Ariel thinks the bond is broken, right?" Cora says, glancing at Ella, who nods. "She's not aware that it's intact. She thinks that she's been rejected, that it's done."
"Perhaps we should leave it that way," Dominic says, his face grim. "Let her recover. Let it be a clean break, at least on her side."
"Dominic, to just lie to the girl," Roger murmurs, frowning at his brother, hesitating at the idea. "When she's already been through so much...'
“No, I agree,” Ella sighs, crossing her
arms and looking seriously at the screen. "Not for forever. But...just for now. Whether or not the boy broke the bond, he rejected her - broke up with her. want her to have the space to mourn him and then start to move on. Plus, if Rafe and Jesse hear that the bond is intact they night react strongly. If everyone is simply under the impression, for the next few days, that it's ended...perhaps that's best. Ariel needs to start living a life without Luca Grant - adjusting to that reality. We'll tell her – just...not today." 
"And she won't figure it out on her own?" Cora asks.
"I don't think so," Ella says on a sigh. "The bond is so tenuous, so ragged...I think it will take a great deal
of healing until she feels it again, if ever. Again, we'll tell her. Soon. Just...not today. Are we agreed on this?" She looks around at her family, genuinely wanting their advice.
###Chapter 0739
"For what it's worth, I think she should know now," Roger says with a steady nod. "But you have my support if you think delay is better."
"Yes, delay is better," Dominic says, steady. Cora nods too, murmuring about it making sense from a medical perspective. "Let her mourn her loss, heal from this grief. When she feels stronger, we'll tell her and she can make whatever decision is right for her."
"I'll kick her ass too," Cora murmurs, pissed off. "If she decides to take him back."
"I'm telling you guys," Roger murmurs, shaking his head. "A dungeon goes really far in a moment like this. Just lock him away - never see him again - no longer a problem.
"You go build it, Rog," Ella says with a sigh, standing up. "Fill it with all the toe-nibbling rats you want. Dom? She wants to talk to you. Be gentle with our girl."
"You know I will be," Dominic says, looking at his mate quite steadily. "Go and get her. We'll have our chat."
Early the next morning, Ella, Daphne, and Cora let Ariel sleep in.
"What's taking Cora so long?" Daphne asks, frowning towards the door. "If she doesn't get back soon I will not be blamed for the lack of coffee."
"Oh, we'll just make another pot," Ella says with a sigh, splashing more coffee into Daphne's mug and moving the cream and sugar close to the pretty seamstress. "With the Sinclairs, there's always more coffee."
Daphne smiles at the Queen and there's a beat of silence while Ella turns towards Ari's bedroom door. "I think her talk with her father did her good. He always knows what to say to her."
"Yeah, he's a good dad," Daphne says, smiling softly down into her cup. "I'm glad she has him."
Ella smiles too as she studies Daphne's downturned face, knowing there's more to that statement than on the surface. "How is my girl doing at school?" Ella asks quietly. "Girl to girl. When I ask that question to the boys they give all sorts of boring statistics about her ranking and her run times. As if any of that matters." Daphne grins and looks up. "Do you want to know the changing statistics regarding her uniform size? Her waist has gotten quite trim and -"
"Oh no," Ella groans, faking misery with a dramatic hand over her forehead. "Not you too!"
Daphne laughs and shakes her head. "Nah, kid. But really, all of this rejection drama aside, I think she's okay. She works very hard - harder than everyone else, I think - but she really, really loves it. I think losing Tony..." she bites her lip. "Will be very hard on her." 
"They've really gotten that close?" Ella asks, looking curiously into Daphne's eyes.
"She thought he was so funny," Daphne whispers, giving a little shrug. "And he was very honest and helpful toher. Plus, he was the first to call Luca out for bad behavior. Tony he's a big loss to the little group of friends, even if he was rather a late addition." 
"I liked him too," Ella sighs, sighing and sitting up. "It's so hard to lose someone so bright so young. The funeral is tomorrow, you know."
"Really?" Daphne says, sitting up and glancing towards Ariel's door. "Does she know?"
"No, we're not telling her," Ella says, shaking her head. "She'll want to attend and think it will be too hard on her. I think she still needs to heal and we can have our own ceremony when she's ready. Plus, I think that rat-boy is in the city," Ella says with a frown. "And I'm not letting him anywhere near my girl again." 
"Ah, makes sense," Daphne says.
But before Ella can say anymore, Cora comes flying through the door.
"Is she up?" Cora whispers, rather belying the need for stealth when she accidentally slams the door behind her, leaning back against it and panting with excitement, clutching something to her chest. "Is Ari awake?"
"No," Ella says, looking at Cora with surprise. "What the hell happened -"
"You have got to see this," Cora says, grinning like a cat and striding over to the table, slapping down a collection of tabloids. "I got these from the front desk. They're a train wreck but...I cannot look away." "Oh my god," Daphne whispers, awed, reaching for the tabloid on the top.
Which features a big and glossy photo of Luca Grant on the cover.
###Chapter 0740
"Oh my goddd," Ella breathes, picking up magazine with the picture of Luca splashed on the cover. "Oh, he is...he is spinning out, isn't he?"
"He is," Cora says, nodding eagerly and grabbing the next in the pile, one with the headline "The Playboy is Back!" emblazoned over the front. "Apparently he's spent the last two nights partying - there are doubts about whether or not he's even slept -"
"So, my girl is crying," Ella murmurs, a snarl in her voice as she explores the paparazzi photos inside the magazine, "and this jackass is out until three in the morning with girls on each arm?"
"Scum," Daphne growls, shaking her head. She grabs a pen from the center of the table and begins to black out a few of Luca's teeth in one of the photos before adding horns and stink lines radiating from his body.
Ella laughs and then reaches for another pen, starting to do the same.
"No, but you guys have to see this," Cora says eagerly, flipping to a dog-eared page. "It's insane -" "What is?"
All three women go still and then slowly, as one, turn towards the pretty blonde girl in white pajamas standing a few feet away.
"Nothing!" Ella says, far too cheerfully, snatching up all of the magazines on the table and pressing them to her chest. "It's...Mark! He was being so dumb! And the tabloids...got pictures!"
"The tabloids don't care about Mark, all he does is play sports and try to feed peanuts to squirrels," Ariel scowls, striding forward. "Just show me."
"Ari," Cora sighs, shaking her head. "It's - you don't want to see -"
"If you all know, I want to know," Ari says with a wavering frown. "It's obviously about Luca and I can't be the only one completely in the dark about my ex-mate. I want to see." She holds out her hand, insistent. Ella sighs but then puts the magazines back on the table.
Ariel takes a step forward but then hesitates. "Do they say anything bad about me?"
"No, sugar," Cora says, shaking her head. "There are speculations about why he's out at the clubs and acting like a free man but...nothing cruel about you."
"Good," Ariel says with a sigh, moving forward again and looking down at the images on the covers, not yet reaching for one.
"Let me get you a coffee, baby," Ella says, leaning forward to give Ariel a kiss on the cheek before turning away.
Cora and Daphne stand quietly while Ariel lets her eyes travel over the images. She grows visibly pale, her lip starting to tremble even though she tries so, so hard to keep it
together as she sees Luca with net
beautiful young brunette clasped to his chest, Luca standing on @bar singing and spraying champagne over other club-attendees, Luca slumped at a table with twelve gorgeous women around him, flashing a peace sign towards the camera. 
In each, he's handsome and carefree and - bizarrely enough - wearing sunglasses, even at night. And his clothes and hair are always...damp? But beyond these strange details, Ariel can see right through his determined coolness, can see the desperation with which he tries to pretend that everything's fine. She can see it, in the strain on his face, that he's in a great deal of pain too. He's just... being a real jackass in his refusal to address it, to pretend that everything's fine. 
"God, he's a mess," Ariel sighs, shaking her head at the man who broke her heart. "Just determined to cover his emotional wounds with as many women as possible."
"Pig," Daphne bites out. She grabs the closest magazine and draws a curly tail on Luca's butt.
Ariel lifts her eyes and gives her friend a small smile, the best she can do at the moment.
Then Ari returns her eyes to the images and reaches for one magazine that shows Luca on a rooftop somewhere, his shirt unbuttoned to the waist.
"What the hell is that?" she murmurs, leaning close to see better.
"What are you talking about?" Ella asks, bringing Ariel's cup of coffee over and leaning close.
"On his chest," Ariel murmurs, tapping some kind of red mark there. "That's...I mean, that wasn't there two days ago."
"That's what I was going to point out
before you came in," Cora says, her voice a bit grim. She flips to a page in one of of the
tabloids and lays it out
for everyone to see, tapping one
picture. "This one got a close up and
broke the story. It looks like Mr.
Grant got a tattoo - and did not follow medical advice regarding how long to keep it wrapped." 
"Oh. My. God." Ariel murmurs, leaning close, her jaw dropping when she sees the large letter A tattooed on his muscled chest, right over his heart. And then trailing after it, to the right, the letters r, i, and e. The shirt covers what final letters are remaining, but it's not precisely difficult to imagine what comes next. "What a loser," Daphne murmurs, shaking her head. "I mean, in other situations, it might be sweet? But here..."
"Seriously, crossing a line," Cora murmurs, shaking her head. "One day you reject a girl, and the next you get her name tattooed over your chest? And that big? He's such a drama queen, making a statement about his broken heart and ensuring that everyone knows all about it."
###Chapter 0741
"And is - is his face all bruised?" Ariel asks, looking closer at a rare picture in which he's not wearing sunglasses. "Do we have any idea where that came from?"
"We don't," Ella sighs, looking steadily at her daughter, watching her reaction. "But I don't have to make a ton of guesses, considering your line of supporters who would leap at the chance to give him a good punch.'
"And why is he all...wet all the time?" Ariel asks, frowning, leaning closer. "No one else is..." "That...might be me," Cora says, quite innocent.
The other three go silent and then turn to her, shocked.
"What, I'm your godmother," she says, shrugging, fighting a smug smile. "If you didn't want me to have a tiny rain cloud chasing your douchebag ex around the city wherever he goes, you should have said so in the first place."
Ariel lets out a sputtering little laugh as Ella and Daphne look at her anxiously. But when Ariel's shock fades and it turns into real, true laughter, everyone joins in to the point where they're all wiping tears from their cheeks, leaning against each other for support.
"Cora," Ariel laughs, hugging her aunt and resting her head on her shoulder. "Please take it away - it's so mean -"
"No way," Cora sighs, pressing a kiss to her niece's head. "He gets at least a few more days of that. Luca pissed off the wrong girl's family - he's paying for it -"
"All right," Ariel sighs. "But no lightening."
"No more lightening, you mean," Cora coos, grinning. "What!?"
"Oh, come on," she sighs. "I had to zap his ass a few times to send a message. Don't mess with the Sinclairs - we'll make your life miserable.
Ariel doesn't say anything else, just looks around the room at the three women who are her family now, grateful to the depths of herself to have them on her side. "You guys are the best," she whispers, breaking into tears again and moving to Daphne to hug next.
"Oh geeze," Daphne says, wrapping her friend up in a hug. "Who knew, all we had to do was zap Luca with a little magical lightening and you'd feel better. It would have saved us a great deal of expense in spa treatments if we'd known that little secret from the start."
"No, I want more spa treatments too," Ariel murmurs into Daphne's shoulder. "Also, ice cream."
"Well, that we can do, trouble," Ella says with a happy smile, moving for the freezer. "That we can do."
A few hours later, massaged so that
my muscles feel like butter and filled to the brim with every single desert that room service could think to create, trest curled up at my mom's side while Cora and Daphne sing karaoke in front of the TV, matching glasses of wine in their hands.
I smile, so pleased to be here but...knowing that the time is nearly up. That this has given me enough strength to face my life.
Mom and I spent a long time this
afternoon going over it all. I tell her everything what the Goddess said about needing all of my mates' marks, and me deciding not to tell Luca and Jacks so the marks could be freely given. And about sleeping with Jackson first and how right it felt, and how sorry I was when he didn't mark me, but how much sense it made when he explained it. And then what it felt like to lose Tony, and how good Luca was to save me. 
And then how everything happened in his room, with the wine and the whiskey and the sex the mark the rejection, all so fast. How it all feels like it was my fault, and how if I'd just managed it all a little differently, it would all be...fine.
"You have to forgive yourself, angel,"
mom murmurs, curled up at my side, as I sniff again, going over it all
in my head for the thousandth time. She presses a kiss to my hair. "You're very young and you've never done any of this before. I'm not sure anyone has. You tried, you may have made mistakes, but you can learn from them. That's how it works. But forgiveness first - the regrets...they help us grow. But you can't live with them on your shoulders. Too heavy.” 
I nod, hearing her, truly listening. And honestly, I do feel lighter seeing it from that perspective. She's right. I do like to be perfect, I hate to do things wrong. And I did a lot of things wrong. But there's no changing it now - only moving forward.
"I think I want to go back to school tomorrow, ma," I whisper, resting my head on her shoulder, my own wine glass balanced in my hand.
"Are you sure, baby?" she asks, turning to me slightly, going a bit rigid. "We can stay longer - we can -" "No, I'm sure," I say on a sigh. "I...I miss Jackson. And I need to talk to him."
###Chapter 0742
Mom hears the worry in my voice and snuggles down next to me. "The boys say Jackson's fine, Ari. Worried but fine. I wish you wouldn't worry so much. But, I do understand."
"They didn't say he's fine," I say on a sigh. "They said he's been prowling around as his wolf, all full of woe, snapping at anyone who gets too close. And that he doesn't sleep and just goes and wolfishly gazes at the moon.'
"Because it reminds him of youuu," mom coos, laughing a little and snuggling closer to me. "And me. Because we're elegant moon goddesses."
"Yes, I understood," I say, rolling my eyes but unable to keep the little smile on my face.
But still, my poor wounded wolf lifts her tired head and gives me another nudge in my soul, even as Cora
and Daphne continue to sing, messing up the words and tripping over their own feet, laughing hysterically as they do.
"Will you keep a special eye on Junie at home, mom?" I whisper.
Mom turns to me, curious and concerned. "Of course, if you think I need to. But why?"
I shake my head, not knowing how or why I'm feeling this way. "Just...something about her knowing Redman Blythe and him being dead. She lost someone too, though I don't know what he meant to her. Still - it's too mysterious for my liking. Will you check in, for me?"
"I will," mom promises. "It's good of you to think of our little June-pipes."
"And tell her I'm sorry I missed her birthday," I whisper, closing my eyes against the guilt. "I'll make it up to her soon."
"She knows you will, baby," mom whispers back. "Don't worry about Junie. You'll see her soon."
Jesse sighs as, for the third night in a row, he lopes after Jackson in wolf form in the fields and forests that surround the Castle. And Jesse gets it - he really does. His boy Jackson is going through a very difficult time, it's just...
God, why does he have such athletic best friends?
Why can't Ariel have the kind of mate who wants to drown his sorrows in a bottle of whiskey while sitting before the fire? Jesse would be great at that.
But, this is what Jackson wants to do.
And because Jackson is his best
friend, this is what Jesse is doing. About ten feet behind at all times, just in case Jacks needs him. And even though Jackson hasn't once turned around, or stopped to speak with him, or done more than acknowledge his presence. Jesse knows that Jackson feels him here. Feels Jesse's love, and his support, and his unshakeable willingness to just be there for Jacks in whatever way he needs. 
It comes as a great shock to Jesse when at around one in the morning on the third night, Jackson shifts on the cliffside outside the Castle. Jesse comes to rather a hard stop to avoid slamming into the huge guy before him who stands with his hands in his pocketstaring at the moon. 
avoid
"Whoa," Jesse says as he shifts into his human body, running a hand through his rumpled hair and panting a little. "Sorry man. I almost...knocked you off the cliff."
"No you didn't," Jacks murmurs, only glancing at him.
Jesse smirks, standing at Jackson's side and turning his own face up to the moon.
"You don't have to be here, man,” Jackson says quietly. "I know you're not getting any sleep and that you're paying for it. I'm not going to like get in any trouble or anything, if yout leave my side." 
"No, I know that," Jesse murmurs. "I'm not playing guard dog. I'm just...hanging out."
"Hanging out?" Jackson asks, dry, turning his head to Jesse, dubious.
"Yeah, this is my favorite!" Jesse says, grinning and throwing his hands out to the side. "I love long night
runs! In the cold! And staring at the moon with agony in my eyes, this is the best!"
Jackson huffs a single laugh and looks away, shaking his head. "Is that what it looks like to you?"
###Chapter 0743
"Nah, man, I'm just trying to make you laugh," Jesse says softly, stepping closer and clasping a hand to Jackson's shoulder. "It looks like you're...figuring things out. I just want to be here for you. I know you're going through it."
"Thank you," Jackson whispers, his voice breaking a little.
Jesse just nods and stands silent with his friend.
"How do you think you're going to handle it?" Jesse asks quietly a few minutes later. "When she comes back tomorrow?"
Their mother had texted a few hours back to let them know Ariel's plans. It had been the thing that sent Jackson into a panic, made him shift and go for his run. Rafe had offered to come too, but Jesse told him to stay back with the phone just in case they got any further updates.
"I don't know," Jacks replies, his voice grave. "I mean, I love her. I just...had a very bodily reaction last time I saw her. I just honestly don't know how I'm going to respond - I think it's out of my control."
"Well, you'd better be nice to her," Jesse snaps, a little defensive, turning to glare at his friend.
"Obviously, Jesse," Jackson growls, meeting his friend's eyes. "I'm going to do everything in my power to be nice to her. I'm just being honest. I have no idea what it's going to be like until I see her." "Are you jealous?"
"Of course I'm jealous!" Jackson bites out, tossing his hands to the side. "Do you have any idea what it's like to see your mate with another man's mark on her neck?"
Jesse's heart sinks to the pit of his stomach at the thought of Daphne... Daphne marked.
"I think I'd die," he says, quite honest, meeting Jackson's eyes. "I don't know how you're alive right now. I'm not exaggerating.
"I'm not sure it's out of the realm of possibility," Jackson murmurs, turning away to again look up at the moon. "I've been...trying to pray for strength. It's not easy. Also, I'm not sure I'm good at prayers."
"Eh, the Goddess is a family friend," Jesse says with a shrug. "I think she's less concerned about form as opposed to content."
They're quite for another long few moments.
"Ariel's going to be really sad," Jesse whispers. "Are you going to be able to handle that? Watching her cry over Luca, because he's gone?"
Jackson remains tense and silent.
"I don't think I could do it," Jesse says quietly, shaking his head. "Holding my mate while she cried over another man? I don't know if I'm strong enough to be that guy."
"I don't know if I am either,” Jackson murmurs, crossing his arms over his chest. "And I don't know if that's what she wants. Have you considered that? As a possibility?" 
en FindNovel
Jesse turns to him, confused.
"That she wanted it?" Jackson continues, such devastation in his blue eyes as he turns his head to Jesse. "That she...she picked him after he saved her? And was going to reject me? And then they had some kind of fight, and it turned?"
-
He shakes his head, hating it - all of it. 
"That can't be what happened, man," Jesse says, tightening his hand on Jackson's shoulder. "She loves you. She loves you so much."
Jackson grits his teeth, his head bowing, turning towards Jesse.
And Jesse responds to the silent
request in that, action, wrapping his arms around his friend and holding him close. "You guys are going to e figure it out, man," Jesse whispers, rubbing a hand up and down.
Jackson's back. "Just - if you don't know where to start, let her take the lead. You'll find the way. We'll help." 
Jackson sniffs hard but nods and doesn't pull away from the hug for a long time.
"Come on, man," Jesse says. "Let's get to you to bed. Morning comes faster if you're asleep."
For the first time, Jackson consents to be lead inside before dawn.
###Chapter 0744
The room is quiet when I get back in the morning, dressed again in Cadet black with Rafe's cap on my head. I look around and frown as Jesse and Rafe escort me in, doggedly close to my heels and my side. Very sweet in thought. Very annoying in practicality.
"Where's Jacks?" I ask, turning towards them when I realize that he's not here, as I assumed he would be. "He went to class, Ari," Rafe says, quietly shutting the door and watching me carefully.
"Well, why aren't you in class?" I ask, putting my hands on my waist and glaring at my brother and my cousin.
"Because we're not letting you out of our sight ever again, you idiot," Jesse says, cheerful, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and leading me over to the couch where very gently forces me to sit down and then spreads a blanket over my lap. I scowl at him and his over-protective Alpha bullshit.
But then my fears catch up with me as Rafe crosses to his chair and sighs, plopping down into it. "But..." I bite my lip, looking between them as Jesse sits too. "Jackson...is letting me out of his sight?" "It's not like that, Ariel," Rafe says, sighing and resting his head against his fingertips. "We didn't know what you wanted - if you wanted to see him immediately. We still don't know how you're feeling or where your heart is. What you're ready for."
"Oh, but you rashly assumed I was ready for you?" I say, glaring a little.
"She's healed!" Jesse says, grinning and casting a hand out in my direction. "Look at that! Saucy and cruel, just how we like her!"
"We did what we thought was right, Ariel," Rafe says, ignoring Jesse and concentrating on frowning at me. "He'll come later. If you want him to. He's...been having a really hard time. Let's all just take it easy, okay? One step at a time."
"Okay," I sigh, looking down at my hands pressed tight against my blanket.
"Are you hungry?" Rafe asks.
"No."
"Are you going to fight us when we try to force food down your throat?" Jesse asks this time.
I sigh and look up at them. "Is it going to be healthy?"
"No," Rafe murmurs, a small smile coming to his lips
"Then no."
Jesse grins as he gets up to walk to the dumbwaiter and order something up. I take the moment to look Rafe seriously in the eye, knowing he won't lie.
"Does Jackson hate me?" The question is barely a whisper.
"Ariel," Rafe says, leaning forward and holding my gaze. "I promise you - he loves you very, very much. Just...let him take his time with it too, okay? It's hard."
I nod and look back down with my hands. Then I sigh and stand, moving for the nook. "I think I'm going to take a nap."
Rafe watches me go, worried.
I turn towards him. "Will you wake me? If Jackson comes?"
He nods.
I smile softly at my brother and then climb into my bed, shutting the curtain after me.
Even as I cuddle into my pillows I hear Rafe's worried sigh.
And I smile a little, glad to have a brother who worries about me. Even if he does go a little overboard with those worries...it's good to feel loved.
I close my eyes on a sigh of my own, praying desperately that Jackson will be here when I wake up.
I bolt straight up in bed a few hours later, instantly aware that he's near.
My wolf is on her feet, her nails scratching at my soul, howling for Jackson's wolf.
And even though he's trying so hard to be cool and calm, I can feel Jackson's wolf anxiously shifting from foot to foot, turning towards Jacks, begging for permission to run to her. But he's - he's being held back - 
I drag in a shaky breath and scuttle off my bed, ripping open the curtain and staring around my room, frantic.
"Whoa," Jesse says, freezing and staring at me from his chair. "Bad dream?"
"What's wrong?" Rafe asks, jumping to his feet.
"Where is he?" I ask, desperate, looking all around.
But god - fuck - he's not there.
"Who?" Rafe barks out.
"Jacks!" I bark back, storming around the room like I'm going to find him somewhere - even though - god, where could he hide? - he's gigantic -
"Ari!" Jesse says, starting to get freaked out. "What are you -"
But then I turn, hearing something shift at the door. I sniff deeply and suddenly know precisely where he
is.
Ignoring my brother and my cousin, I stride towards the door and yank it open.
Jackson sprawls backwards into the room and gasps as his head smacks the floor. Ljust gape down at him while he looks sheepishly up at me, moving a hand to cradle the back of his head where I can feel pain can feet it radiating down our band. 
And even though it's pain I feel coming through a little sob breaks from my throat - because it's there, our bond, shining and true and
strong. And I can feel him all along it - every bit of my Jacks, still the
same. 
###Chapter 0745
I fall to my knees at his side, my shoulders shaking. "What the hell were you doing outside?" My question is tremulous, a whisper.
"Um," he says, glancing backwards at Jesse and Rafe. "I was just...being close. Because it was hard to be far. And Jesse said I should let you take charge? And wait until you asked for me, in case you...didn't want to see me?"
Jesse groans. "That's not what I said!"
"Why are you listening to Jesse?" I ask, shaking my head as tears well in my eyes. "He's the worst at emotions.
"Hey!"
"I don't know, Ariel," Jackson murmurs, sitting up and reaching for me the moment he sees me starting to cry. "You're right - that was dumb - I'm so sorry -"
I groan in relief the moment Jackson wraps me up in his arms, pulling me into his lap and cradling me against his chest, pressing as much of my body to him as he can manage. He murmurs again and again
his apologies, and I whisper back for him to stop - that he doesn't need to- that I need to -
And then I just cry, and Jackson just holds me, and his wolf moves fast across the bond to mine. She shies at first, wary after Luca's wolf's attack, but Jackson's wolf skids to a stop and lets out an
encouraging yip, waiting for her to come to him. And when she does, finally pressing herself warm to his side, a fierce and possessive grumble echoes in his chest.
Both Jackson and the wolf.
"Cool, well, we'll let you...have a minute..." Jesse murmurs, stepping over us and heading out of the
room.
"We'll be back in half an hour," Rafe says, his voice anxious. I glance up at him to see him looking worriedly down at me, like I can ask him to stay if I want him to.
I sit up straighter, holding my brother's pretty green gaze. "It's fine, Rafe," I say, my voice croaking. "Thank you. It's fine we'll be fine."
Jackson grumbles his agreement and the door shuts behind us. I turn in Jackson's lap, taking his face in my hands, tears slipping down my cheeks.
"I'm so sorry, Jacks," I whisper, shaking my head at him.
"Ariel, you didn't do anything -"
"No, I mean - didn't I?" I shake my head, confused, not remembering correctly - just so...so so filled with grief, and yet so deeply happy to be here with him, to feel him, to smell him.
But then I go rigid, wondering if my scent has changed. I mean, my mom said that it hadn't - not that she could tell. But she's not an Alpha. And she's not my mate.
"Jacks," I whisper, gulping and looking at him seriously. "I'm not blameless in any of this. I had a lot of time to think about it - and Luca - he was very bad to me, but he...he wasn't totally wrong - I was bad too -"
QUMS
Jackson snarls at the very idea of this and I can feel down our bond his line of thinking and the flashes of memory that come along with it that any attempt to excuse Luca's rejection of me, the fact that he stormed away from the Castle and left me naked and sobbing in his room - 
"Please," I whisper, shaking my head, shaking all over. "I - I can't talk about that right now - I can't think about it."
Jackson groans, guilty, and wraps me up closer in his arms.
"I'm just really sorry, Jacks," I whisper, wrapping my arms around his neck. "I know the last three days were really really hard for you. And it's not going to be...you know, cake. Going forward."
"Cake?" he asks, pulling back confused. "There's...cake?"
I laugh a little, the sound sputtering as I shake my head. "It's an expression," I whisper. "Like, it's not all going to be easy."
He frowns at me. "I didn't know cake was easy," he whispers. "I thought it was...hard to make."
I laugh a little harder now, shaking my head, taking his face in my hands, loving him so terribly, incredibly much. "It's not important."
Jackson growls his agreement and leans closer to me, brushing his nose against mine, leaning his forehead close as he takes a deep breath. "Ariel. How are you? Are you okay?"
"I'm a lot better," I whisper, meaning it. "Mom and Cora and Daphne took good care of me. It was what I needed."
"Good," he murmurs, breathing a long sigh of relief. "I mean, I know you're not...fixed, or whatever. That things have changed. But...good. I'm so glad you're better."
I go a little still at his words and take
a deep breath, moving slightly away from him so that I'm sitting across from him on the floor. He looks seriously down at me as I sit before him, my shoulders hunched, my eyes wide. 
"Have things changed, Jacks?" I whisper, gazing up at him, not sure if I want the answer. "Between us?"
###Chapter 0746
Jackson just stares at me. "Ariel, what are you talking about? What would have changed?"
I shrug, my hand awkwardly coming up, my fingers brushing the bandage over Luca's mark. "I would...I mean, I understand. If things are different for you now that I'm...marked. I know I'm not the same as I was before. I would...understand if you felt differently about me."
"Ariel." My name is almost scolding as it falls from Jackson's mouth, as his fingers snap up and capture my chin, raising my eyes to meet his. "Don't ever doubt it. Nothing - nothing about how I feel about you has changed, okay? If you feel differently, I'll understand that, but -"
"I don't," I croak out, shaking my head vehemently, tears again streaming from my eyes. "Jacks, I don't -" "Well I don't either - I'm - I'm fucking in love with you, Ariel - I'll take you in whatever form - I don't care a stupid mark -"
"But you did care," I whisper, shaking my head, taking his cheeks between my hands - not wanting him to lie just to make me feel better. "You saw it - saw me and you threw up -"
He groans, shaking his head. "Please, Ariel," he murmurs. "Forgive me - you have to forgive me for that. I was shocked, and confused, and your scent was weird, and the sight of it turned my whole world upside down but it's different now, I promise -"
But he doesn't get any more words out because I throw my entire weight against him, sobbing my heart out with relief.
And Jackson catches me - as he always does.
He wraps me up close, and falls back to the floor, and takes me with him so that I'm sprawled out over his chest. Where I belong.
"I'm not saying that the events of the
?
past week are wiped away, Ariel," he whispers, boosting me up so that our faces are even, inches apart. "The past happened - and it changes us. But if you're asking if it makes me love you any less? He solemnly shakes his head. "I love you. All versions of you. Forever." 
I sniff hard and tuck my head down to rest on Jackson's shoulder, letting my eyes slip shut. He holds me for a long time laying on the floor like that, letting me cry myself out, his wolf carefully inspecting every inch of mine, licking her little face, nudging her paw so he can better see where she twisted her ankle, giving a mournful little howl in
commiseration with her pain.
At some point, Jacks stands with me in his arms, and carries me over to the Nook where we collapse into the bed together. "At some point," he murmurs, his lips against my hair. "I'm going to need you to eat. And then, when you're ready, we'll talk."
I sigh against him, content if not yet perfectly happy after all I've been through - all I've lost. "Okay," I whisper, nodding my agreement. "Food first. And then we talk."
Jackson leaves me for a few moments to ensure that the door is properly locked and then to bring over some of the food that Jesse ordered up hours ago from the kitchen. I perk up when I see the selection of cakes and pies that Jacks carries over on a tray. He laughs to see my eager expression, hear my stomach growl.
"Here," he murmurs, handing me a fork. And then to my surprise he moves around the bed to take the little DVD player out from its spot in the bottom drawer, picking out a
movie at random and turning ne
it on.
As I begin to see his line of thought a little smile takes my face as I eagerly stab at a piece of sponge cake, because as weird as it might seem, Jacks is entirely correct. 
We need...a minute.
There are huge conversations to be had - very big ones. But no matter what those conversations are, Jackson and I both now know that we're on the same page: no matter where those conversations go, we're getting through them.
We're going to be together. For good. No matter what - we're going to put in the work, and the effort, and the grit to ensure that we get to a good spot. Even if we're not there yet, we both know that we're going to
be.
And with that knowledge intact, we know that we can take a minute to simply rest. To remember what it's
like to be bodily together, side-by-side, even if my bodily chemistry has changed slightly now, perhaps on a fundamental level. Perhaps forever.
###Chapter 0747
Wordless, but with understanding passing down the bond between us, Jackson places the DVD player in front of me on the bed and then squeezes in behind me, his back against the headboard. He presses a kiss to my hair as I lean back against him and continue eating my way through the desert tray, giving him a bite every few minutes as well.
When Rafe and Jesse come back half an hour later, their faces are very, very surprised to see the easy scene before them.
"Wow," Jesse murmurs, wandering over to us. "I kind of thought you'd fight. Or at least not go immediately for cake."
Jackson growls, glaring at my cousin, I think feeling crazy levels of protective and unable to help it.
I just snuggle back against him and shift my eyes to Rafe, who I find smiling subtly at me.
"Did you two even talk?" Rafe asks, raising an eyebrow at me.
"Cake first talk second," I murmur, patting the bed, knowing my brother doesn't understand but also know that right now...he doesn't really need to. "Wanna watch?"
Jesse and Rafe look at each other but then both shrug.
"I'll get more cake?" Jesse says, turning towards the dumbwaiter.
"Get something savory too," Rafe murmurs, crawling across the bed to my other side and resting his giant head on my knee as he cuddles up and gets comfortable.
"You got it!" Jesse calls over his shoulder.
And I smile, and rest against Jacks, and allow myself to feel the peace I don't fully feel I deserve. Because he's too good to me - too forgiving, and I'm well aware of it. And tomorrow we can talk it all through.
But right now, when my wolf is curled up basically encircled by his, her head resting against his paws, feeling the warmth of him as he breathes softly around her? How? How could I disturb them both when they've been tortured for days and have finally found this peace?
And so I eat, and rest, and slowly let myself again drift off to healing sleep with my mate behind me and my brother and cousin on either side.
"Hey, trouble."
Rafe's voice stirs me from my deep sleep in the morning, from the dream in which Jacks and I were running, cliffside as our wolves, like we used to do even before we knew we could share dreams.
I blink, dazed and hazy, and look up at him.
He smirks and I can almost see the deep pleasure running through him to have me back where he can watch over me, back where he can see me getting better.
"We're going for our run," he murmurs, gesturing towards Jesse over his shoulder.
I moan, closing my eyes and pressing my cheek back to Jackson's chest. "No, don't make me run," I murmur, shaking my head. "I can't do it. I am weak. I am illness." 
Rafe laughs and I hear Jesse's booted footsteps coming to his side. "To begin, you're lying," Jesse says, and I open one eye to peer up at him. You could totally run if you wanted to. You're just lazy 
I scowl at him because he is right. But I don't want to go. And they can't make me.
"It's fine," Rafe says, laughing a little. "Stay in bed, we just wanted to let you know where we were going. Maybe...see you at breakfast?"
I nod up at him, noncommittal but letting him see that I understand.
My brother and my cousin nod to me again and then wave, headed for the door.
As the lock clicks, Jackson slowly begins to move his hand in its place on my back, slowly stroking up and down over my pajama top.
"Hey," I whisper, smiling a little, relishing the warmth of him beneath me.
"Hello," my mate says, quite soft, passing a great rush of warmth and affection down our bond.
I sigh and lift my head, resting my chin on his chest and peering up at him. "Ready to talk?"
"You hungry?" he asks, raising an eyebrow at me.
I laugh, smiling at him. “Jackson, I've eaten enough for an Alpha ten times my size in the past four days.
Honestly, I'm not at any chance of withering away."
He grumbles something about
miniature people being swept away by the wind but I just laugh and shake my head. "Seriously, Jacks," I whisper, my face falling a bit "I want to have this chat." 
"All right, tiny," he murmurs, cupping my cheek in his palm. "Let's have it, then."
###Chapter 0748
Jackson and I each take a moment to clean up, brushing our teeth and splashing water on our faces, before we return to the nook - the place where we feel most secure. But I push the curtain back, letting the pre-dawn light stream in. Because that feels right, feels better.
"So," Jackson murmurs, wrapping his long arms loosely around his knees as he leans back against the pillows. "Where do you want to start?"
I bite my lip, wondering at it, but also...distracted. Distracted by the sheer physical presence of my mate, sitting there across from me in our bed, all gorgeous and understanding and willing to hear every bit of what I have to say. Almost despite my resolve to be stoic and serious, my eyes move away from his face and down his form, taking in the beautiful way that his body has been crafted, honed, over years of punching stuff and running and whatever else it is these warrior-types do. My wolf shifts from paw to paw, giving me a nudge, telling me to go to him to touch him -
But -
I hesitate, knowing where that got me last time. With Luca. Giving in to impulse and attraction is...not always the best choice.
When I raise my eyes again to Jackson's face, I see that his jaw is tight, his teeth clenched as he senses the direction of my thoughts. To that day, with Luca. And all the things that lead to being marked, if not the marking and the rejection itself.
"Did you want it?" Jackson asks, his voice tight. I can almost feel the tension over every muscle in his body.
I exhale slowly and hold his gaze. "I wanted to sleep with him. But I didn't want the mark. Not yet."
And then I tell him everything. I soften, where I can, the information that he doesn't necessarily need - about how attracted I was to Luca, and precisely how much it hurt when his wolf attacked and he rejected me. These things, I sense, he doesn't need the details of. But beyond that I tell him everything, wanting things to be an open book between us, wanting him to have it all.
And when I finish, Jackson tells me
his side of the story. What it was like to have a Cadet burst into his and Rafe's meeting with the Captain and tell Rafe he was desperately needed, and then seeing me there in the hall. en seeing His own pain and confusion has me weeping as silently as I can, not wanting to stop him from the story but unable to hold it back. But my mouth falls open when Jackson gives me the details about Luca - about chasing him down, and their fight, and then letting him go even though he left the Castle intending to kill. 
"Oh, Jacks," I say, pressing my hands to my chest and shaking my head at him. "I'm so sorry. I - I've been so bad and unfair, through all of this."
He just frowns at me. "You've done what you had to do, Ariel. Your grandmother gave you two mates. Who the hell am I to do anything but try to deal with my jealousy in the face of a divine gift like that?"
I shake my head. "But I agreed - I told you both I'd choose one of you - Luca was right when he pointed
out that I said I wouldn't sleep with either of you before I made my choice - and I broke that -"
"That was a shit place to put you in in the first place," Jacks murmurs, his head hanging a little. "We both...Ariel, as the weeks passed it was becoming increasingly obvious that a choice was going to be е impossible. That Luca and Were just going to have to...deal with it. Find a way to live with each other." 
I gape at him. "Is that.....is that seriously where your heart was?"
He raises his eyes to look at me. "Was being the important word here, Ariel. I wouldn't share you with that jackass now for the world - he - ke fucking deliberately put you in danger- he knows there are. potentially others in this Castle who were trying to hurt you and he left you naked and alone with an open door -" 
His words get angrier and angrier as they fall from his lips and I lean forward, putting a hand on his knee, stopping the tirade.
Nearly shaking with rage at the memory, Jacks takes a deep breath and nods to me, letting me know he's got it back under control.
"But yes, before that?" he shrugs. "I was... finding a way. I don't know. It felt right. Luca was...frustrating and difficult. I'd have rather shared you with someone like Tony, who was cooler and nicer and I think quite a wide margin smarter than Grant -"
###Chapter 0749
I tilt my head to the side at this, curious about that thought process. Where on earth had that come from? Tony as my mate? Honestly, the idea is...ridiculous to me, even though Luca was jealous of him too, so some kind of romantic connectoin was clearly on his mind as well. But Jackson catches himself mid- harangue and clears his throat, drawing in a deep breath.
"Clearly," I murmur, "you gave this some thought."
"I mean, I didn't like the idea of sharing you," Jackson murmurs, slowly shaking his head as he holds my gaze. "But if that was your destiny?" Another shrug as he looks away into space, like he hated it but he was willing to bear it.
For me.
And suddenly my heart sinks as I realize just how precisely good he is. That Jackson - he'd take a half happiness, as long as it meant having me in his life.
I groan and crawl to him, unable to stand being apart anymore and pressing myself to his side. Jackson wraps his arm around me and pulls me close, taking a deep sniff of my hair.
"I'm very sorry," I whisper, shaking my head. "I don't think the Goddess's gift was very fair to you, was it?" "Any deal that comes with you attached, Ariel," Jackson murmurs, "is the lion's share of the riches. And I'm not just some poor orphan saying that - just some kid who's never been loved taking whatever the world would give him. I'd say the same even if I were the Prince of Atalaxia, with all the world's riches at my feet. You are worth it all, Ariel Sinclair."
I sigh, thinking that it can't possibly be true, but grateful instead to be so overwhelmingly loved.
And so I tell him, finally, of the extent of the Goddess's gift. Of her command to me, that day in the magic classroom, to get all of my mates' marks. That what he was moving towards was correct anyway, even if I hoped that the three of us would have time to get there on our own. Even if, apparently, we didn't. And then I apologize, profusely, for keeping it from him. But Jackson, as he so unendingly does, understands and works hard to see my side.
I can feel him thinking through it as he holds me close for a few moments, turning over the details of what the Goddess said, the consequences of what happened.
"So, what do you think?" he asks, his deep voice rumbling and low and contemplative. The back of his fingers barely graze the bandage still over the mark on my neck. "Do you think this is enough, that you've got his mark now? Or...do you think the Goddess is going to give you a replacement mate?"
"I don't know," I whisper, shaking my head, kind of terrified at the idea. "I think we have to get Cora to call her up again and ask. I'm not sure how long I can stand not knowing."
He nods, grumbling something.
But I bite my lip and sit up and face him again, my own hand moving hesitantly to the bandage over my neck. "You know this is...all for show, right?"
Jackson raises an eyebrow at me.
know that your mother wouldn't
have let you leave that spa un net
every inch of you was fully healed, if that's what you mean." 
"Yes," I say, shaking a bit. "But...I haven't looked at it yet."
"Do you think you're ready?"
"Are you?" I ask, a bit wide-eyed.
Jackson smirks a little. "I can handle it."
I turn my head a bit, my eyes narrowed at his confidence. "You aren't going to barf again?"
A little laugh huffs from him, his eyes crinkling as he shakes his head no.
"How are you so confident?"
Jackson shrugs. "I'm good with it.
—
I've made my peace. All parts of you are precisely that Ariel - parts of you. Which makes them beautiful to me, so." He shrugs. "If you're
wearing that bandage for my sake, you don't need to." 
Slowly, my fingers shaking slightly, I reach up and peel away the gauze from my neck, letting the bandage fall to my lap. When Jacks doesn't even flinch, I turn my head to the side and let him see the full extent of Luca's mark, high on my neck. 
"Well?" I whisper, my wolf quailing a bit with the fear that he'll change his mind. "What do you think?"
###Chapter 0750
Jackson's silence is long. Too long.
I whip my face back to him, my mouth a grim line.
His expression is...carefully blank.
"Oh no," I whisper, slumping down, my hand whipping up to cover the mark. "You hate it —"
"Ari," he sighs, scowling and swatting at my forearm, attempting to knock my hand aside. "Don't do that - I don't hate it -"
"You do!" I protest, a little more devastated than I thought I'd be, even if I knew this was coming. I mean, he can't like it, can he?
"I don't hate it!" Jacks insists, laughing at me a little as I stubbornly keep the mark covered and frown at him, leaning away. "Seriously, Ari, it's fine."
"It's fine?"
He laughs again, giving up the attempt to pull my hand away and leaning back against the pillows. "Do you want me to lie and say I think it's my new favorite feature?"
I narrow my eyes. "Well then tell me what you really think."
Slowly I drop my hand and Jackson leans forward a bit to peer again.
"I stand by my words. It's fine."
"Jacks!" I groan, lashing out a leg and kicking at him. "You can't possibly think it's fine!"
"Yes I can!" he says, laughing and grabbing my leg, using it to haul me closer to him. "Besides, when I was at your place for Midwinter, Seraphina told me -"
"Seraphina!?" I screech, a little shocked. "How the hell did she come into this!?"
"If you'll listen," he growls, gathering me further into his lap, even as I go limp in protest to make it hard for him. "I'll tell you."
I grumble noncommittally but allow myself to be fully ensconced on his lap and wrapped up in his arms. "Sera told me," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair. "That if I don't have anything nice to say...I shouldn't say anything at all. So. It's precisely fine. That was very wise, by the way, how did a little girl come up with something like that?"
I laugh a little but then groan at the realization of the truth - that he really doesn't like it. I mean, not that I expect or want him to like it - I just
- I mean
—
if he hates it, he's the
one who has to look at it every day for the rest of his life. 
"Oh no," I moan, covering it again with my hand. "It's very ugly."
"It's not," he murmurs, cuddling me closer and dropping kisses to my hair. "It's simply...not to my taste." "That phrase has Ella written all over it," I grumble.
"Yes, a very useful one for when people try to feed me duck liver," he murmurs, "or mark my mate with an uneven bite very high on her neck because they're arrogant and need everyone to see it -"
I burst out laughing and smack Jackson on the shoulder, and then I sigh when I take in the full meaning of his words - that it truly is not to his taste.
But Jackson keeps me tight in his arms. "I'm serious, Ari, you shouldn't be worried about what I think," he murmurs. "Feel how you want to feel about it. I think that it is precisely fine."
I sigh, shaking my head, wondering how he can be so good - so even tempered and sweet despite the Alpha impulses that must be hating, every second, the idea of another man's mark on my body. Honestly, when the Goddess chose Jacks for me, she must have known what she was doing. 
"Plus," Jacks murmurs. "It helps that it's faded."
I go a bit still. "Faded?" I ask, looking up at him.
He frowns down at me and nods. "I guess because of the rejection. Yes, it's...faded."
"What?" My face twists in confusion.
"Go look," he says with a shrug, nodding towards the bathroom. I do as he says, climbing swiftly out of his lap and moving into the bathroom to peer in the mirror. Jackson walks in behind me a moment later, ducking a bit to peer at the mark as well.
My breath catches as I look at it truly
for the first time - the indelible
impression that Luca left on my body. It really is high, like some Luna's marks are, meant to be worn proudly for everyone to see. My stomach sinks as I realize that, for me, that's not precisely the case. 
But I push past the thought, leaning close to the mirror, trying to see what Jackson means about it being... faded.
"I don't get it," I murmur, glancing up at him, "what's faded."
"You can't see it?" he asks, curious. "Look at the mini mark."
My frown deepens as I straighten up and glance down at my finger, where Jackson playfully gave me my mini mark on the day I lost my virginity. A day that feels...so, so long ago. But as I stare down at it my mouth forms into a little "o" of surprise.
###Chapter 0751
And then I lift my finger, and hold it close to Luca's mark for comparison, and see that Jackson's...right. That it's quite subtle, but the mini mark is...different. It...shines, almost? Just barely perceptible, an incredibly faint line of silver tracing through it? And Luca's mark has none of that.
"Oh, that's really incredible," I murmur. Then I burst into a smile, looking at the mini mark. "See? I knew the mini mark was real."
Jackson just laughs and shakes his head, putting his hands on my hips and stepping close, dropping a kiss to my hair. "Not my mark yet, tiny. But..." he hesitates and then drops the point. I lift my eyes and meet his in the mirror, knowing what he's thinking, because I'm thinking the same.
That he needs to give me his mark. That the Goddess ordered it, and we both know it now. But also that...I am not ready. Not right now - not so close to my last marking which was, at best, traumatic. And even though I know Jackson would give it to me now if I asked for it...
"I just need a little time?" I whisper.
He nods to me, just once, quite simple. Letting me know that he understands and that the moment I'm ready, he's here. And not because the Goddess demanded it - because it's time.
For us, it's time.
I sigh, leaning back against him, and Jackson wraps his arms fully around me.
"Did my scent change?" I murmur.
He sniffs my hair experimentally, almost performative, because it's not like he hasn't been smelling me all night.
"A little," he murmurs, "though not badly. Honestly, you did smell different when I saw you in the hall - I think your scent...did change. And then when he rejected you it started to revert back- I read that that's what happens with scents of rejected mates. But it's almost back to normal now."
I frown at him in the mirror. "Where on earth did you read that?"
He frowns back at me. "The internet, Ariel. Obviously."
I burst out laughing and turn towards him, wrapping my hands around his back and grinning up into his face. Jackson smiles down at me like he can't help it, like looking at my face is the great joy of his life.
I sigh and gaze up at him. "You really think we're going to be okay?"
"I mean," Jacks murmurs, stroking
his heavy palm over my hair. "I'm not giving you free reign over my heart to go out wantonly taking lovers and getting marks, Ariel." I smirk at the idea, jokingly turning my head to the side and considering it, making him laugh. "But do I think we're going to be okay? Yes. Of course Pdo." 
"How did I get so lucky?" I rest my chin on his chest, gazing up at him with all of my love shining in my eyes.
"Nah, that's my line," Jacks
murmurs. And then he dips his head, and presses his first gentle kiss to my lips, quite simple and full of love. I stand on my toes and kiss him back grateful for him, for his kind heart, his enduring nature, not entirely sure if I deserve him. 
But even if I don't, I'm going to take this gift the universe has given and run with it. Because I know what I've got and I'm never, ever giving it up.
Jackson breaks the kiss for both of us, tucking away any physical desires that that's stirring in him for my sake, knowing that I'm not ready for that just yet. But that at some point I will be.
"So." He clears his throat, looking away for a second as he works to control himself. I grin up at him,
watching his face. "Wanna get some breakfast in the hall with everyone else?"
"Yeah," I say, still smiling softly as he turns his eyes back to me. "Yeah, that sounds great."
Then I shriek with laughter as Jacks grabs me and tosses me over his shoulder, carrying me back into the room. "All right! Then let's get going, tiny! I'm starving!"
"What?" I gasp, and then my eyes
flare wide when I realize that the only thing I've seen Jackson eat was a couple of bites of cake last night from my fork when I offered them to him. Jackson - when's the last time you ate!?" 
"Four days ago!"
"Jacks!" I gasp, my eyes wide. But then, before I can truly begin to smack at him, Jackson tosses me onto
the bed and strides for the dresser where we keep our clothes.
"Let's go!" He barks out, cheerful, tossing one of my uniforms at me. "I want some eggs! And toast! Jam - sausage - biscuits! I'm going to put bacon inside the pancakes and -"
The list goes on as the two of us get changed.
And as long as Jackson rambles on about all the breakfast food he's going to devour, I don't stop smiling once.
###Chapter 0752
Jesse puts his head down, panting, and pushes harder to keep up with Rafe.
Because Jesses's fit, of course - he can beat almost anyone else in Warrior track now that Grant has left the school. But Rafe? He's always been faster. Still, if Jesse pushes a little more, he knows he can keep
up -
But he gasps, almost falling on his ass to avoid slamming into Rafe, who has stopped suddenly in the middle of the forest path that they run every morning.
"Rafe, what the hell!" Jesse stumbles out, tripping over his feet as he works hard to stay upright. "Why did you_"
Rafe turns towards him, the stern set of his mouth, the hurt and anger in his eyes suddenly putting a stop to Jesse's entire train of thought.
"Rafe..." Jesse pants, going still. "What's...wrong?"
"I tried," Rafe says, his voice low and devastated. "I kept it in this entire time that Ari's been sick, and away, because she needed us -"
"Kept what in?"
"It, Jess," Rafe snaps, turning fully towards his cousin now and taking a step towards him. "The fucking truth. But I can't do it anymore - now that Ari's doing better - now that she doesn't need my constant vigilance - I can't -"
"Rafe," Jesse says, stepping towards his cousin, not understanding. "What is it? What -"
"What the fuck are you doing sleeping with Daphne!?"
Jesse's jaw drops open as he stares at Rafe, whose grim face looks ready to kill.
How? How...how the fuck does Rafe know about...him and Daphne?
"Did you think you got one over on me, Jess?" Rafe growls, storming forward and forcing Jesse to take several shaky steps back. "Showing up like that, after Ariel had been rejected, when you were supposed to be watching her? Fucking smelling all over of the girl I'm in love with, your clothes all fucked up!? Did you think I was just too fucking stupid to notice that?"
Jesse just stares at Rafe, his heart sinking, because he - he doesn't think Rafe would be too stupid to notice that. No, it was him, Jesse, who was the stupid one -
He didn't even fucking think of it - didn't even realize - he'd just wanted to get upstairs as fast as possible, to get to Ariel's side -
Because Rafe's right, he was supposed to be watching her. The whole thing had been his fault.
Guilt sweeps through him absolutely, from head to foot.
"Rafe," Jesse says, his head tilting to the side, his voice pleading.
"What the fuck, Jess!?" Rafe shouts, his voice breaking on his cousin's name as he grabs Jesse's collar, hauling him closer. "How could you do this to me!?"
"Rafe," Jesse says again, grief in his voice, his shoulders slumping as he puts his hands up, giving in to the larger Alpha, the man with the moral high ground here. "It's not like that -"
"So, what, you're not fucking her?" Rafe's words are a snarl as his rare anger finally starts to take pride of place in his heart, his mind.
Jesse's eyes narrow. "Stop saying it like that."
Rafe goes still, staring at him. "What the fuck did you just say to me?"
Jesse's arm sweeps up, knocking Rafe's aside, making him drop his collar. "It's not like that, Rafe. It's a gross way of describing it - I'm not fucking her. I'm in love with her
Daphne and I are together
swnov
"No," Rafe growls, his own face shutting down as rage begins to brew in his chest. "That's fucking bullshit, Jesse."
"It's not!" Jesse shouts, stepping
forward to Rafe, hating his cousin for a moment for doubting this single thing that means the most to him in the world. "I'm going to fucking marry her - she's my-" 
"Your mate!?" Rafe bites out, livid. "You're a fucking liar, Jess!" "She is!"
"She so fucking is not!" Rafe sputters out a mocking laugh, just staring at Jesse. "If she was your mate you'd have told fucking everyone the moment you met her! You'd have been crowing it from the rooftops! Not watching me bring her home to meet my family at Midwinter -" 
-
"Our family," Jesse growls, stepping back and crossing his arms. "And Ariel fucking brought her, not you
"Oh whatever, Jess, you're not her fucking mate." Livid, Rafe turns on his heel, unable to believe that Jesse would ask him to believe such a blatant lie.
"I think I'd fucking know!" Jesse shouts, storming after him. "It's my life -"
###Chapter 0753
"There is no bond!" Rafe shouts, turning back towards him. When Jesse's steps slow, his mouth drawing to a thin line, Rafe laughs and crosses his arms. "Go ahead, Jess. Tell me there's a bond. Honestly, say it, truthfully, and I'll believe you. I'll get on my knees and beg forgiveness."
Jesse glares, raising his chin. But he doesn't say a word.
"That's what I fucking thought," Rafe growls, pointing a finger in Jesse's face. "If she was a mate a bond would have snapped into place, that's how it works Jesse -"
"That's not how it worked in my family!" Jesse snarls, smacking Rafe's hand away. "Dad and mom's bond took ages - they didn't know - he went on faith for months, but he knew it was true, he - "
Rafe gapes at Jesse before he breaks in, enraged. "That's completely different, Jess! Your mom is human - her wolf hadn't awoken! The moment her wolf woke up the bond snapped into place! You and Daphne have wolves! You'd know!"
Jesse gathers himself up, all of his pride, all of his conviction steeled in his core. "She's my fucking mate Rafe. And I'm sorry if you don't like it, if you have feelings for her? But she's mine. I'm in love with her, and I'm going to marry her, and I'm sorry we didn't tell you-
"What fucking ever, Jesse, you're so fucking pathetic," Rafe snaps, turning again and stalking back towards the ?astle.
"Pathetic!?" Jesse storms after him.
"You never should have touched her, Jess," Rafe growls, glancing over his shoulder. "I have feelings for that girl. You should have respected that."
"I tried," Jesse pleads, chasing after Rafe's long stride, grabbing for his cousin, desperate to get him to turn, to talk to him again. "Rafe, if she wasn't my mate
"Oh, would you fucking lay off of that stupid mate bullshit!?" Rafe shouts, shoving Jesse to the side when he walks next to him. "She's not your mate, you're just fucking into her because I was into her first, like you always are with these girls -"
Jesse stops in his tracks, staring after Rafe, appalled again.
Realizing that Jesse's not following, Rafe turns about ten feet further down the path, glaring hard at his cousin, not willing to let it end there. "You're just fucking with her, Jess, because you're desperate to be even with me. You did it with Lindsey and Kristy too you can't stand not to pick a girl up after I've finished with
her -" 
"I -" Jesse sputters, pressing a hand to his chest. "I'm fucking with her!? I'm fucking with Daphne!?" "Yes," Rafe growls, taking three cruel steps closer. "You're messing with her head if you know you have a mate out there, lying to her, pretending it's going to work -"
"That's what you were doing!" Jesse shouts, appalled, sweeping a hand out to encompass Rafe's whole hypocritical self. "That's like - exactly what you were doing!"
"I never told the girl I was going to marry her," Rafe growls, pressing a hand to his chest. "Plus, I never slept with her! And we broke it off!"
"You didn't break it off, Daphne
dumped you Jesse shouts, his voice ringing out through the forest as he stares at his cousin, stunned at his level of hypocrisy. "And lam not lying to her - she's my fucking mate, whether or not you decide to believe me!" 
"You know the only real reason you want Daphne to be your mate, Jess?" Rafe says, stalking towards him, shaking his head with pity he forces himself to feel, even if his
wolf is howling with jealousy annet
hurt pride. "Is because it's the first time, ever, that a girl has dumped me and told you that she liked you more. And you're kissing her ass for it because you've been hungry for that your whole life. And you know it will never happen ever again." 
Jesse's face goes pale and falls slack.
Rafe seethes, staring into his cousin's eyes, his chest pounding with his rage.
But when Jesse fails to move, fails to make a noise, Rafe checks himself, standing straight, his own face
falling when he realizes that he has gone too far.
"Fuck you, Rafe," Jesse says, his voice shaking with hurt and rage.
Jesse works hard to clench his jaw but finds that he can't do it. His mouth is trembling too hard.
###Chapter 0754
"Jess -" Rafe holds out a hand towards his cousin, deeply aware that he's crossed a bridge he never, ever wanted to cross. That he's said the words his cousin has maybe been waiting for, and fearing, his entire life.
"No," Jesse says, shaking his head, his eyes filling with tears. "You said it. Now own it. Because you're fucking right.'
All of Rafe's anger leaves him in a rush and he stares at his cousin, agonized at what he just did. At what he let his stupid rage lead him to saying words he didn't even fucking mean to his best friend in the world, just because he lost his temper and wanted - so badly - to hurt him in turn.
"Do you think it's been easy for me?" Jesse asks Rafe, wiping hard at his eyes with his sleeve, desperate not to cry in front of his cousin but failing immediately at the task. "Growing up in your shadow? Standing next to you - the perfect Prince - my entire life? Being compared to you at every turn - in athletics, in academics, in looks, in charm, in ability, and yeah - in success with women? And always, always coming up short?"
Rafe stands straight, watching his cousin back away, hating himself.
"And I have never resented you for that Rafe - because I fucking love you. I celebrate you every day - all of your successes, and victories, and accomplishments, because I think you're fucking great and you're my cousin and my best friend. You're my fucking brother. But did you ever think about what it was like for me? Did you ever consider that this is why I feel like I have to be funny all the time - because to get anyone to even look at me next to you I had to become your jester, your fucking clown?"
Jesse shakes his head, sniffing hard, trying desperately to stand straight.
"She is the first person who has seen beyond that," Jesse says, pointing out towards the Castle where Daphne is. "Or at least, the first person outside of our family to see something in me that doesn't pale in comparison to you. So excuse me if, yes, I run towards that, if I rejoice in finding someone who sees something good in me and want to hold on to it forever. Someone who wants to be with me for who I am, for what I have to offer."
"Jesse, I -"
"No, fuck you Rafe," Jesse snaps, cutting Rafe off with a sharp shake of his head. "Because it doesn't kill me that she liked you first, I'm fucking used to that in my life. This whole thing," he gestures around at the forest, "this entire fight is happening because it's killing you that she had you kneeling at her feet and she still decided that she likes me better. You can't stand that - you can't stand one person on this earth not choosing you.'
Rafe hangs his head, devastated, wondering if Jesse is right. If he's that arrogant, that conceited.
"You could have just let me have this one, Rafe," Jesse says, his voice flat and fading as he turns. "You have literally...everyone else."
Jesse walks away.
Leaving Rafe completely alone.
When Jackson and I walk into the breakfast hall, Ben basically jumps to his feet, nearly dropping his coffee cup in his attempt to get up from the table and across to me as fast as he can. But he doesn't have to go far, because I'm already dashing to him by the time he opens up his arms and wraps me
up.
"Oh god, Ari," he murmurs, holding me tight and rocking me back and forth, his cheek pressed to my cap.
"I'm so, so relieved to see you awake - and walking - and clothed -"
I laugh as he releases me, but I don't miss that his eyes drop to my neck. But there's nothing to see there - just before we left a package came up from Daphne with a little cylinder of black fabric that I can wear around my neck like a tube scarf. When tucked into the collar of my cadet uniform, it really does just look like a turtle neck. It's not precisely uniform regulation, but ubiquitous enough to pass most notice. 
Unless, you know, you're the one who found me naked and bleeding from my neck in someone's dorm room a couple of days ago. Then, you notice.
Jackson lets out a possessive little snarl as he catches up to me, but he murmurs an apology to Ben when Benny looks up at him with a little bit of fear. "I'm on overdrive," Jackson murmurs, holding up a hand to him. "Ignore me."
"Plus he's hungry," I say, beaming up at Ben.
"I know, meals have been lonely,"
Ben murmurs, gesturing around at the empty table. My heart sinks as look around at it, because even if Rafe and Jesse aren't back from their run yet - there are still two seats that aren't going to be filled anymore. 
Tears fill my eyes and Ben sighs, leading me the last few steps to a chair next to Jackson, settling on my other side. "Oh, I'm sorry, Ari," he murmurs, shaking his head as I wipe at my cheeks. "Don't think on it much. It's too hard."
I nod, knowing that he's right, exhaling hard and closing my eyes for a moment as I force myself to think of other things. "Um, is there coffee?"
###Chapter 0755
"Sure is, whole pot since we beat Jesse here," Ben murmurs, beginning to pour. Jackson puts a warm hand on my knee as I open my eyes and force a smile to my lips, watching the pretty brown liquid splash into my cup.
I send a warm pulse of affection to Jacks and chat with Ben as I sip slowly at my coffee, giving my heart a minute to settle as Jackson digs into basically...everything on the table, even as he signals the waiter and orders mountains more. The waiter balks a bit, flicking his eyes to me to check and see if Jackson is actually serious about the amount of food that he's ordering. I just shrug, kind of implying that my sweetheart mate, bottomless pit that he is, is of sound mind and probably wants precisely what he orders. The waiter nods, a little stunned, but walks back towards the kitchens. As he does, my eyes move to the hall's door to see Jesse walking in, his face stern and drawn. Rafe follows about twenty feet behind, looking pale and...
And god, devastated.
"What happened?" I breathe, looking up into Jesse's face the moment he comes to the table.
"Nothing," he snaps, sitting down next to Jacks and reaching for the coffee.
When I open my mouth to push he just glances at me, pleading and serious, for a long moment. And I shut my mouth, turning towards my brother as he comes to the table.
"Are you okay, Rafe?" I ask, watching carefully as he settles in next to Ben - as far from Jesse as he can get.
Rafe just nods, curt, and keeps his eye on his plate, not reaching for any food at all, his hands folded in his lap.
Ben gulps and looks at me, anxious.
Jackson just ignores everything, or doesn't notice in the first place, tucking into the pile of food that's delivered to his seat a few moments later.
"Shit," Jesse murmurs, glancing at Jackson's plate, I think forcing humor into his voice for the rest of us. "Can I have a bite?"
Jackson growls and wraps a protective arm around the plate, hunching over it. "Get your own." And I can't help it - I laugh, even if I'm the only one at the table to do it.
The entire breakfast goes...precisely like that. Rafe quiet and still, Jesse drinking coffee and adding a quip or two, each of them half-hearted. Jackson just eats a rather astonishing amount of food while Ben and I chat quietly, picking at the scraps of the muffin basket that Jackson left behind. My poor Benny does his best, but not even he can drag my eyes away from the two empty seats across from me. Because I know, if they were here, it would be different.
No part of me wants to see Luca right now, not really - but he was an important part of this group right from the start. What are we going to do without his brash comments, his swagger and cheer?
And Tony - he'd cut through all of this weird awkward silence between Rafe and Jesse, call everyone on their bullshit. He had such...courage.
Jackson stops eating when he senses my sadness, wiping his mouth and looking over at me. "Do you need to get out of here?" he asks quietly, meaning it - like he'll drop everything, his entire day and lessons and responsibilities to go back to the room and sit with me if that's what I want.
"No," I sigh. "We have to get back to normal sometime."
"Ari," Ben asks, his odd tone drawing my attention back to him. "What even...is normal anymore for you?" "Hmm?" I ask. I mean, I have no idea how to answer that question anyway, but what is he talking about?
"I mean, you're not an Espionage
Cadet anymore," he says, screwing his face up. And even if you were...you're the only one here," he casts gut a hand towards the rest of the breakfast hall where, indeed, I see no familiar Espionage faces. 
God, they must all be in Atalaxia.
Or...worse.
My heart sinks.
"So," Ben continues. "What are your...classes?"
My eyes go wide. "I honestly don't know."
"We'll take you to the Captain," Rafe says, clearing his throat and speaking for the first time. "Get your new schedule. I imagine you'll be with us."
I nod, recognizing this, especially if
I'm...on Command track now? I mean, is that even true? Am I...a Warrior, cadet? My tongue sticks out a little involuntarily, because I don't like that. I liked being espionage - I liked my studies, plus it was...cool. 
"Well, looks like we don't have to bring you anywhere," Jesse says, slumping back in his chair and looking over my shoulder.
I turn, curious, my heart sinking when I see the Captain striding decidedly our way.
"Oh hell," Jackson sighs, setting down his fork and turning grimly his way too. "What is this about?" "You five," the Captain barks out, looking around at our table. "With me. Now."
"What's going on?" Rafe asks, wary as he gets to his feet.
"You'll find out in a moment," the Captain shaps, turning away and expecting us all to fall in line behind him, which we do, with me at the center of the little group. "You have a call waiting for you."
Rafe and I glance at each other, because we know that a call can only mean one thing.
Our parents have something to tell us.
###Chapter 0756
"Hi! Hi cuties!" Mom's voice rings out the moment the five of us troop into the room. The Captain enters too, going to stand out of sight in the corner. "It's so good to see you, I - oh!"
I frown when I see her go a bit still on the video screen, seated there next to Cora with dad and Roger standing behind them, bending down so that their faces are in the frame.
"What's wrong, mom?" I ask.
"It's not what's wrong with me, it's what's wrong with those two." She narrows her eyes and looks interestedly between Rafe and Jesse, who come to stand behind me. "What's wrong, boys?"
Neither Rafe nor Jesse say a word, each looking away. Cora grimaces, worried.
"There's no time for this," dad sighs, shaking his head and likewise peering at us from the screen as
Jackson goes to one knee at my side and Ben leans down on my other. "We have to -"
"Why are you all dressed up?" I ask, tilting my head, frowning at them. Every single one of them are in state dress, dad and Roger with black sashes across their chest. But why would they -
My mouth falls open as I realize what it must be.
"Funeral got moved to today, sweetie," mom says, leaning forward to peer at me. "We're sorry - we knew you'd want to attend, but your father wanted you at school."
"And we're leaving for the front immediately after," dad snaps, nodding seriously to all of us. "And we want the five of you there."
My eyes go wide as I glance up at Rafe and Jesse, who look at each other for the first time. Whatever's going on between them, they're clearly putting it aside for the sake of the war.
"What's going on, dad?" Rafe says.
"Atalaxia is moving against us, hard," Roger answers, his arms tense across his chest. "With what looks like everything they've got. We didn't expect an assault like this so soon but...if we don't meet them on the field they're going to bowl us right over. We even risk..." he sighs, pressing the bridge of his nose between his fingers. "This is
classified, so please don't share, but we risk having our borders breached for the first time. And if that happens
it will be...disastrous."
I go very pale and very still. "We'll get on the helicopter," I say, nodding seriously. "Right now." Because I
can turn it - I can do that - I'm very powerful, they can put me at the center of the force and -
The way my father looks at me
through the screen makes me pause, and then I reach for
Jackson's hand, wanting him close, needing it. He's there, instantly, grasping my hand right back. My parents eyes see it - I know they do and a little smile comes to my mom's lips. 
But dad speaks what we're all thinking. "Can you do it, Ariel?" he asks quietly. "Without Luca there - what are your powers like?"
"I - I don't know," I whisper, shaking my head, my gaze shifting to Cora, who looks stern and
contemplative.
"I think we have to go too, Roger," Cora murmurs, keeping her eyes on me. "Ella and I will need to experiment with Ariel to see what she's capable of. But even without the wind, the flames and the shadow combined should be formidable."
Dad sighs, scraping his hand down the length of his face, but then he nods. "All right. Kids, are you agreed?"
"Yes sir," Rafe says, answering for the rest of us, who just nod. "We understand. We'll be on the battlefield as soon as you need us."
"Good," dad says on a sigh. "We're going to go. We'll see you soon. We..." he hesitates now, and I see a muscle flicker in his cheek. "We love you very much."
"We love you too, dad," I say, leaning forward, eager for him to know and understand it. "All of you. You can count on us."
"You probably have an hour to pack," he says, nodding once. "Helicopter on the roof." Then he leans forward, flicking off the screen.
The five of us exhale, looking around
at each other as the Captain comes
forward from the corner of the
room. "Are you ready for this?" he asks, tense. "This isn't a trial or. place filler, like the last battle was supposed to be. If you five don't have your heads on right, I'm not sending you to get killed. So if they're not, you tell me now." 
###Chapter 0757
My four Alphas turn to me as I steadily hold the Captain's gaze. "We're ready," I say, soft and sure, and my wolf howls proud in my heart. Because even if there's still pain, and even if I am still finding my feet amongst all this grief, my nation needs me now.
And god damn it, but I'm going to show up.
The Captain nods once and sends us on our way.
Jackson keeps his eyes on Ariel the entire walk back to the room. Ben splits off at his floor, going to quickly pack a bag, but Ariel and Jesse walk close together, murmuring about possibilities for the magic now that Luca's gone, discussing honestly if they need to switch things around - if he should be sending out his shadows with the flames tracing through them, rather than the reverse, which they've been doing so far.
But Jackson barely hears it, because he knows whatever they decision they come to is fine with him. Whatever power Ariel needs on the battlefield he'll give it, and more - no matter what the configuration. No, what matters to him now is keeping her safe.
We have to destroy them all, his wolf says, wary, his lips peeling back to bare his fangs. All of Atalaxia - anyone who would hurt her - they must be ended, immediately-
Jackson sighs and puts a hand over his wolf's ruff to calm him. It's not that he thinks the wolf is precisely wrong...his wolf has been...trouble over the past few days. Going into over-drive, ready to attack anything at the slightest sign of trouble. It's been difficult, keeping him in check.
Rafe wordlessly strides ahead down the hallway to their room, pushing open the door and moving in. Jesse and Ariel follow, Jackson bringing up the rear, thinking over what these past days have been like - how incredibly, incredibly had it had been to play it cool when Ariel took that bandage off her neck this morning and showed him Luca's mark.
Because even if he had managed, somehow, miraculously, to hide his wolf's howling devastation and convince Ariel that it really had been fine -
The truth was that it really did feel like a knife to his heart, an absolute devastation.
We did the right thing, his wolf snarls, looking up at Jacks, pausing in his plans for world destruction. She needed to hear it was okay. That it will be okay.
Jackson nods, agreeing - because
none of that was a lie. Jackson – he loves Ariel to the absolute ends of himself, and things will be fine. It's just...he exaggerated, just slightly, for her sake, just how fine he feets about Luca's mark on her body. 
The real truth? When he saw the mark, he instantly regretted not killing that boy. Fought hard against the urge to leap up, and run to the capital, and tear him to pieces. He should have done it when he had the
chance. Only stupid pity had held back his hand for that pathetic
wretch of a man, that horrible
excuse for a mate. 
And yet here Jackson is, planning to kill all of Atalaxia and every threat to Ariel, when he can't even take out the one person who actually posed a threat to her safety? Who marked her and left her bare for the vultures to take?
God, can he even protect her at all?
What good has he been in any of this? Ariel, she's suffered so much in the past week and at every turn Jacks has failed her - just completely failed to be there when she needed him. When Tony died, he hadn't been there. When Luca snatched her away from Daphne's room and took her to his own? Again, gone. 
Jackson hangs his head, wondering how the hell he's going to manage this, how he -
"Whatever," Jesse snaps, slamming his dresser drawer shut. Jackson's head snaps up, distracted from
his terrible thoughts. He glances down at Ariel pressed close to his side and frowns, watching Jesse stride for the door.
"What's happening?" Jackson murmurs. "Why's he...mad?" Ariel grimaces as she looks up at him. "Jesse!" Rafe snaps, striding after him. "You're being a fucking fool! We have work to do -"
"I'm going to see Daphne," Jesse bites out, shoving Rafe hard away from him. "You try to stop me and I'll break your damn arm."
Jackson's eyes go wide. What - what the hell? These two never fight - and what the hell does Daphne have to do with it?
###Chapter 0758
"Jess!" Rafe barks out as Jesse leaves, flipping Rafe the middle finger as he goes.
Then Rafe, growling, storms back to his own sleeping area and begins furiously pulling his dresser drawers open, not seeming to get much done but needing the distraction of having something rather violent to do.
"What...what is happening?" Jackson murmurs, tearing his eyes away from the Prince and looking down at Ariel, worried.
"Oh, puppy," she sighs, beaming up at him and squeezing his hand. "Come help me pack, I'll explain everything."
"Pack?" he says, grinning down at her, unable to help it. Then he snarls and snatches her up into his arms. "Pack!? I have nothing to pack - you're my only luggage, tiny - I'll zip you up in a bag right now -" She shouts with laughter that goes right to Jackson's heart, makes everything actually feel okay, makes war and devastation and death and the thought of losing her feel very, very far away. Jackson laughs too, falling with her onto the bed as she quickly begins to explain a very baffling story about Jesse and Daphne somehow being in love.
But even as his mouth falls open in surprise, Jackson only half listens. Because his heart and his soul are elsewhere, on other thoughts.
We have to mark her, his wolf growls, pacing back and forth in his soul as Jackson's eyes fall to her neck, to that spot he's been thinking of for months, even if it's covered now with black fabric. We should do it now.
Patience, Jacks murmurs, running a comforting hand over his wolf's raised hackles. She has to be ready. It has to be right. She can't have two bad experiences being marked - I'm not going to ruin this just because we're impatient.
No time for patient, his wolf growls, shaking out his fur, anxious. Now. We have to do it now, before it's again too late.
Jackson just grits his teeth, forcing himself back to the moment, ignoring his wolf and concentrating on his girl.
Who is, after all, the center of the entire world.
Ariel grins up at him. "You've been lost in your thoughts, haven't you, pup?" She runs a soft hand through his hair and Jackson smiles, leaning into it.
"All thoughts of you," he murmurs, utterly truthful.
She beams. "Good thoughts?"
"Every single one." He dips his head and presses a soft kiss to those perfect lips.
Jesse leans back against Daphne's pillows in her tiny bed and shuts his eyes, the weight of her against
his chest a balm to his entire soul. Mittens purrs softly, a little ball of fur happily curled up on the upper ridge of the headboard.
"So," Daphne sighs, her voice weary. "Rafe...knows."
"Rafe knows," Jesse confirms, dour. "I fucked up. Badly."
"We should have told him," she murmurs, closing her own eyes and nuzzling closer, tugging his neat Cadet shirt out of his pants and slipping her hand beneath so that her palm rests flat against his stomach. She exhales softly, relishing the touch.
"It wouldn't have been any better," he
murmurs, shaking his head. "Any way that Rafe found out, no matter how, he was going to be pissed as hell about it. Bro code and everything - in his head, you're
off limits to me because he had you first." 
"Jesse that's ridiculous Alpha bullshit," Daphne sighs, lifting her head and resting her chin against his chest to peer up at him. "I'm not an that's given permission for or forbidden - I'm a whole person with my own emotions -"
"I know, Daph," he says, opening his eyes and looking down at her, running his hand over her lovely, soft hair. "Don't let it bother you, love. It will all blow past." He steels himself, because even if his wolf is still raging a bit at all the things Rafe said, he doesn't want Daphne to be mad about it. No, his cousin is his business to handle, not hers to stress about. 
"Do you think he'll get used to it?" she whispers, anxious.
Jesse sighs and moves, pulling Daphne close to him and turning onto his side so that they're face to face. He loops one arm around her back with which to hold her tight and the other, a bit unable to help it, slips low, his hand gently cupping her ass.
She grins and shakes her head at him, thinking that he can't even help it when they're having a serious chat, but not minding - not really. Not at all. He just shrugs like why wouldn't he, while he still has the chance.
"He'll have to get used to it, won't he?" Jesse murmurs, pressing a kiss to her cheek and then her nose and then her mouth. "Once we're married - even before that - he's going to see us together and have to deal with it. I'm sorry I haven't gotten the ring yet - it's been so crazy, but the minute we get back to the city —" 
"Jess," she whispers, hesitant, making him go still.
"What is it?" he asks, peering at her.
"Are you - are you serious about that?"
He blinks at her, then frowns. "Did you think I wasn't?"
###Chapter 0759
"No, I think you are, I just..." she shrugs, looking down, smoothing and hand down over the fabric covering his chest. "I just love you a lot and you keep talking about marriage and rings - but that's all very...human, you know? And I'm a wolf."
He smiles a little, honestly relieved.
"Do you want my mark?"
She looks back up at him through her lashes, blushing, because - well, it's ridiculous, right? They've been dating for like a couple of weeks at best - how can she want it like this, this fast, when there's no bond - But she's sure - absolutely sure even if her wolf is not, and her wolf is coming around to the idea, honestly, that maybe it's just his half human heritage, that the bond will come and they can go and ask the Goddess what's up when this has all settled down.
Because everything is else is so real, and so vivid. In her heart she knows it's him, knows it has to be. How...how could it be anyone else?
"Yes, Jess," she whispers, smiling a little, laughing. "Yes, I want it - but -"
He snarls, laughing too, rolling her over in the bed, reaching for her shirt buttons. "Cool, let's do it now -" "Jesse!" She bursts out laughing.
"I'm serious, I've got like fifteen minutes, and it's just a little bite - I can do that in four seconds -"
She laughs harder now, knowing that he's not completely serious, even if...well, if she agreed to it right now that it might happen. Both of them - she knows he feels precisely the same - they're both just...a little swept away by each other. But Daphne just shakes her head, taking his handsome face between her palms, the aftershock of laughter running through her.
"No, Jess," she says with a happy sigh. "You know I want it to be right. And you do too. Not on a sewing break in the few minutes before I send you away to war, of all things."
"But it's settled," he says, looking at her quite seriously, all the love in his heart clear on his face. "We'll make some time in the upcoming weeks to go away, be alone. And we'll do it both ways. A mark and a ring."
"A mark and a ring," she says, smiling a little, absolutely perfectly happy. And then she leans in, pressing her mouth to his, closing her eyes and kissing him with everything she's got. They lose themselves to each other for a long few moments, burying their grief, their worries about family, their anxieties about war in their mutual happiness which right now feels strong enough to sweep through the entire world and make everything right.
Which is why neither of them notice as the room slowly fills with smoke.
Smoke, or shadow, that seeps in like a rage, pulsing and growing and flickering with a horrible blue light. And at the center of it all a very small form made of darkness itself, her breath heaving in her chest. Mittens gives a horrible little mew of fear just a moment before the darkness moves.
"Mine," the darkness snarls, storming forward, reaching out a claw-tipped hand to grab at Daphne's shoulder and haul her back, pulling her away from Jesse.
Daphne gasps and then screams at the form before her, a tiny female form with dark pits for eyes, a hole from her mouth from which horror and shadows fall with every breath, every word. "He. Is. Mine."
The darkness slashes its claws once across Daphne's face, leaving three long streaks of blood. She screams as Jesse roars leaping for the girl at the center of the darkness, grabbing her neck in his hand. 
But the girl made of darkness just smiles at him, stepping into his rage and fear and anger like an
embrace, even has he tightens the hand around her neck.
"Mine," she says again, smiling up at him like he's perfect as Daphne screams in horror and fear and pain. "You're mine. Not hers. Mine!"
And then she wraps her arms around him, and vanishes away, taking smoke and boy with her. Silence.
It echoes in the room alongside Daphne's panting breath.
Quite suddenly the room is precisely how it was not thirty seconds before, calm and quiet.
Except Daphne's face stings with pain. And she trembles, looking around frantically for Jesse, raising a shaking hand to her cheek. Her fingertips come away red with blood but she can't even think about it because Jesse - 
He's not here -
He's gone - completely gone - without a trace -
Shaking now, Daphne runs her eyes again around the room because he - he can't just be gone - he has to be here.
But somehow, impossible as it is, she's wrong.
Daphne is alone in the room now. Alone with a little cat made of shadow, who stares at her with wide, shocked round eyes.
Mittens and Daphne stare at each other for a horrified moment before Daphne snatches the tiny cat from the headboard and dashes for the door, hauling it open and shouting frantically for Rafe and Ari and Jackson and Ben as she sprints through the halls of the Castle. 
###Chapter 0760
Jackson and Rafe stand up straight, their Alpha hearing picking up Daphne's sobbing shouts before I do. But the moment I hear her I go very still, my eyes going wide as they snap for the door. Rafe's already moving towards it, yanking it open just as Daphne reaches it, stumbling into the room with one hand raised, Mittens clutched to her chest with the other.
"Daphne!" Rafe gasps, staring at her, shocked. Jackson and I are already moving too, and somehow I get to her first, gasping in fear, reaching for her bleeding cheek.
"Daphne, what happened?" I whisper, wrapping one arm around Daphne's waist and pulling her against me as Jacks moves to look up and down the hall, already growling protectively, and looking out for whatever threat was chasing here. "Rafe, get the first-aid kit -"
"Where's Jesse?" Rafe growls. And I gasp, realizing his point - that something must truly be wrong- because Jesse would never, ever leave her like this - would never let her go running through the halls unless-
"She - she took him -" Daphne gasps out as Jackson steps back into the room and slams the door shut. Daphne's head spins to look at us all at once. I loosen my arms and she takes a step back, her whole body trembling as she cries. "The girl - the darkness - she took him -"
"Took Jesse?" I whisper, horrified and confused.
"Where?" Rafe snarls.
But Daphne just frantically shakes her head, clutching Mittens with both hands now. "I don't know! She appeared out of nowhere in all this shadow and smoke and then she kept saying 'mine!' and then she took him - and then they disappeared - and -"
Daphne's words fail her and she just stands, staring between us all, trembling.
Jackson and Rafe burst into action as I again step forward and wrap my friend in my arms, cradling her against me, doing everything I can to assure her that it's okay - that everything's all right - even though it absolutely, definitively is not.
Jacks strides across the room for the first-aid kit as Rafe turns on his heel and moves for his dresser, where the cell phone he used all week to keep tabs on me is still sitting. Instantly he makes the hall to our parents, explaining everything he can in as few words as he can.
That Jesse was taken - we don't know by whom - we don't know where -
Then his eyes go wide and he locks them with mine as Jackson comes close, reaching for Daphne with
some gauze in his hand, wanting to clean the three long cuts across her cheek.
"What do you mean?" Rafe says, low and slow. "That Jesse was taken...too?"
My breath stops in my chest as I stare at my brother and watch horror sweep through his expression,
watch his fingers sink deep in his hair as he listens to whatever our father is saying.
"Juniper," he whispers.
Jackson's hand falls and the three of us freeze, staring over at Rafe at the mention of my sister's name. "Juniper...is also gone? Vanished?"
My stomach goes cold as I stare at my brother, who stares back at me, as one question echoes between
us.
What the fuck is happening to our family?
Things move incredibly fast after that, so much so that I can barely keep my head. Jackson and Rafe demonstrate their coolness in a time of extreme confusion and panic much more than Daphne and. Even Ben responds with cool action when we tell him and he joins us in the room. 
Kel
Jackson keeps me close to his side the entire time, a hand on me at least at every turn as we get my father's order to come to the camp as planned, to bring Daphne. And while I would usually find it annoying to have someone shepherding me along like that, I'm so incredibly grateful that Jacks is constantly there, tensed and ready, his eyes wary. Because I keep getting worried that I, too, am going to be snatched out of thin air like both Jesse and Juniper did - 
On the same day -
The same day that Atalaxia is moving against us with extreme force - But why?
Even as the helicopter lifts off and moves through the air, and Daphne sniffs next to me with Mittens clutched in her arms, and Rafe and Ben tatk quietly on the other side, and Jackson sits stoic with his hand on my knee... 
###Chapter 0761
I just can't figure it out.
Jesse, I get - I understand why Atalaxia would take one of our magical warriors on the day of battle. But...Junie!? Why the hell would the enemy want her!?
Was it even Atalaxia? Do they have that kind of power, to just come into our world and...snatch us up? And if it wasn't Atalaxian forces that took her, was it, instead, the God of Darkness who said her name so many weeks ago, like a purr and a promise and a prayer?
But if Darkness wanted June...why the hell did he take Jesse too!?
I groan, dipping my head into my hands, unable to figure it out. Jackson's hand tightens on my leg and I do my best to send him my gratitude, but my whole soul is agony and worry.
Two more.
Two more. I - I can't lose two more people I love - not like this - not so close on the tail of Tony and Luca
Not like this, but also not at all.
I grit my teeth and endure, hoping endlessly that my parents have answers when we get to the camp. Unfortunately, when the helicopter lands just outside of the command tent and we all climb out, it's immediately clear that we still don't have any answers.
"Babies," my mom gasps, flying out of the tent the moment we set our feet on the ground and dashing for us. She grabs me first to her, sobbing into my hair with relief and fear, and I hold her only for a moment before she moves for Rafe. And then it's a mess of sad greetings as the five of us are ushered into the tent.
Poor Daphne is at the center of it all, with dad and Roger immediately converging on her, demanding details. She sputters them out with Mittens clutched tight in her arms, trying to help, but insisting that it was so dark and so strange and so fast that she doesn't know - she just doesn't know -
Even as I try to keep my focus on Daphne, I do a double-take, my mouth falling open at an argument that's occurring in the corner because...
"Oh, holy shit," Jackson whispers,
wrapping an arm around me and pulling me close to his chest as we both stake, slack-jawed, at the
Goddess's translucent form in the corner of the tent, arguing
Ov
vehemently with her daughter. 
"Well, if you would let me go," the Goddess says, a bit between her teeth, glaring at Cora. "I could go check on some things and see whether or not I can get more information!"
"No way," Cora growls, leaning forward, glaring hard at her mom. "We never, ever ask you for anything - you aren't going anywhere until you tell me where my son and my niece are -"
"I already told you that he is somewhere in the Land of Darkness and she is in the Underworld -Juniper's voyage I understand, but Jesse's -"
"Land of Darkness?" I hear myself ask, stepping forward. The tent goes quieter as I cross to Cora's side, staring up at the Goddess. "With like - with the three moons?"
"Hello, little daughter," the Goddess says, her voice soft even if her face is drawn. She tilts her head and looks at me sadly. "I see that you have accessed your Dark gift, then, if you know of the moons." 
I nod eagerly. "I - I went there! I - I think I can go again! I can go now!"
I shut my eyes, wondering if I can just do it at will - I mean, if that's where Jesse and Juniper are then -
But Jackson, growling, grabs my arm and snaps me back to the moment. I look up to see him slowly shaking his head no, forbidding it.
"Your mate is right to caution you," the Goddess says with a sigh. "It's his land, Ariel - with his minions. Even if you can travel back and forth, there's nothing to say he hasn't set a trap for you there." 
"What did she say?" mom demands, skittering to my side. Cora quickly translates as Daphne moves to
stand next to me, her eyes wide and fascinated as she stares at the Goddess.
"You...you can see her?" I whisper, looking Daphne up and down.
Daphne turns to me for a split second, blinking. "You can't?"
###Chapter 0762
"No, I can see her," I whisper to Daphne, frowning at her, wondering what magic pumps through her veins that allows her to see the Goddess. "Just...not everyone can."
I look around to see that everyone has gathered around us, everyone's faces drawn as Cora summarizes the Goddess's words for those who cannot hear. Roger's face breaks my heart - the worry and the agony on it. I tear my eyes away, unable to think about what he could possibly be experiencing with Jesse gone.
I don't miss the way that dad slides his arm around Rafe's shoulders, wanting him close, even as he tucks his own worry for Juniper away somewhere deep.
"Yes, Ariel can go to the Land of Darkness," the Goddess sighs, gesturing towards me once Cora has finished filling everyone in. "Which, I must emphasize, is different from the Underworld, where Juniper has been taken. Same planet but..." she shrugs as if it's complicated. "Different realms."
I cry out a little at the confirmation that Junie is really gone. "We have to help her," I say, frantic, turning towards my mom, who pushes to my side and takes my hand, shaking her head.
"There's nothing we can do," she whispers to me. "June - oh, Ariel, Juniper acted like a real idiot -"
My eyes go wide because mom never, ever insults her children.
"She made a deal," the Goddess intones, drawing my eyes back to her. "With my horrible stepson, the God of Death. She is wound up in a complicated Game now but," she shrugs, "I have sent her aid. You need to trust the girl to find her own way out."
"Aid?" I ask, desperate for any good news. "What kind of aid?"
But the Goddess waves away the question, moving on. "My grandson," she says, "I am much more concerned about. I have had no contact for or about him - this seems...entirely unplanned." She sighs, worried, dropping her head. "All we know is that he is there, in the Land of Darkness, with his mate." Daphne gasps, slapping a hand to her mouth, and we all turn towards her, grief in every set of eyes. "Oh, Daphne..." I whisper, my heart breaking for my friend as Cora whispers the Goddess's words to the rest of our family.
"Jesse's only hope now," the Goddess says, looking at Daphne like she's very sorry for her grief, "is that the love grows strong between him and his mate. Strong enough that he can convince her to save him." Daphne stares at the Goddess in shocked silence. Until all of a sudden she breaks, and falls to her knees, and begins to sob, the little shadow kitten still clutched in one hand.
Jesse shouts in fear and outrage, shoving the dark figure away from him and stumbling back a few steps. "Ow!" the figure gasps, stumbling too and raising a hand to her chest where Jesse shoved, frowning at him. "That hurt!"
The shadows begin to pull away
from her, revealing a very small, very real girl beneath them. Jesse just gapes at her for a moment - this very tiny person - even smaller than Ariel with her riot of waist-length black curls and her full lips pulled into an angry frown.
But in a blink Jesse is spinning away, turning, moving hastily beyond that realization, trying to take in where the fuck they are -
But it's -
They're not even in the Castle anymore - not even in the same...world.
"Where...where am I?" Jesse whispers, shock hitting him like a brick, making his shoulders tremble as he looks over the barren expanse of hills under a dark, starless sky. He blinks hard when he sees the three moons hanging heavy over him. 
"You're in the Land of Darkness," the girl says, sounding absurdly...perky.
Jesse blinks again and spins back towards her, his mouth open, just...gaping.
Because the shadows are gone now, and he can...see all of her. And she's just a girl - not some insane shadow ghoul with empty dark eye sockets and a pit for a mouth.
And she's...happy. His face twists in confusion as he tries to understand her expression, the smile pasted on her face like some sort of deranged...cheerleader.
Her expression falls a little bit. "What?" she asks, looking around. "You don't like it?"
"I don't...like it?" he repeats, shocked and completely not understanding anything. Anything at all.
"It's great here," she says, frowning at Jesse, defensive. "You'd better like it."
"Who are you!?" Jesse shouts at the girl, advancing towards her one step.
“Don't you take that tone with me,
Jesse Sinclair," she growls, taking a step towards him in turn and snapping a hand up to point a finger in his face. "You have to be nice to me. Everyone says so."
"Did you bring me here!?"
"Yes!" she says, snapping her hands to her waist as that smile comes back to her face, looking immensely
proud. "You're welco-"
###Chapter 0763
"Take me back!" he shouts, storming close and grabbing her shoulders, giving her a shake. "Right fucking now!"
"No!" she shouts in return, a scowl taking her tiny features. "I'm never taking you back there! Not to that whore
Jesse gasps and then shoves the girl away from him. "Don't you ever call Daphne that ever again!" "She is a whore!" the girl shouts, leaning towards him with her fists at her sides once she regains her footing from his shove. "A stupid, ugly whore who was willing to take your mark when she wasn't even your mate which is illegal and a sin and -"
Jesse just stares at this tiny person like she's insane. "It's not illegal you complete idiot, and Daphne is my mate -"
"No," the girl growls, stepping close again and sneering up into his face. "I am your mate, Jesse Sinclair. Not that stupid whore that you used to warm your bed. Me."
He blanches as he stares down at her. But even as he tries to deny it, his wolf gives him a nudge within his soul, a soft and whining one, glancing back at the girl again and again.
Because Jesse's wolf...he knows.
That it's right. That this tiny, insane girl is...
"My mate?" Jesse whispers, staring down at her.
"Yes," she says, a smile blooming again on her face, so wide and pretty that it shocks him. She steps close and reaches up, winding her arms around his neck. "And we're going to be so happy. We're going to live here, in the Darkness, and we're going to have eighteen pups, and we're going dedicate them all to Darkness and teach them all about the Shadows, and -"
Jesse stumbles away, grabbing her arms and shoving them from his neck, staring hard at this...girl. This creature.
"But...Daphne..." He turns to his wolf again, who howls, completely confused. Because both are undeniable - it's not like what he had heard before, that once you meet your mate all other girls pale in comparison. Daphne - his wolf still wants her, longs for her. But he also turns back towards this strange, tiny person, and...and wants her too...
"Don't say that filthy name ever again," the girl snaps, raising her chin and pointing a finger at his face. "I forbid it."
"Who the fuck are you?" Jesse mumbles, looking over his...his mate. This tiny, insane person who is so... undeniably his mate.
"Oh," she says, her face breaking into that ridiculous, unreal smile again as she snaps her hands to her hips, almost like she's posing for him. "I'm Midnight!"
His mouth falls open a bit because... he's mated to a girl named...Midnight?
"That's not a real name," Jesse says, standing straight and crossing his arms.
"Yes it is!" The defensiveness with which she immediately responds lets him know he's right.
He narrows his eyes. "No. It's not. Tell me your real name."
She snarls, vicious, and storms towards him, some of that dark energy again radiating off of her, shadows beginning to swirl. "That is my real name, Jesse Sinclair."
"How the fuck do you know my name?"
"Because I've been following you," she hisses, standing close and staring up into his face, daring him to defy her.
Jesse groans, turning away from his
mate and covering his face with his hands, shaking his head in an attempt to clear it. Because it's a so... bizarre. How the fuck did he even get here to this other world? With this...girl!? 
"Hey, you're supposed to love me!" the girl snaps, livid. "I wish you would get over your surprise and get started on that instead!"
Jesse spins to stare at her, appalled.
"You kidnap me," he spits out, his energy matching her own, "from my girlfriend's bed, you scratch her face, and drag me here to this fucking wasteland, and now you demand that I love you!?" 
"You have to!" she says, pouting, actually stomping her foot. God, what, is she a child!? Suddenly he stands straight, freaked out that
-
-
she One
might be she's tiny but no,
glance over her curving form
demonstrates that though she's very
small she's...definitely grown.
"Midnight," Jesse snaps, feeling ridiculous to even say the name as he holds out a placating hand towards
her. "I do not love you. I don't want to be here. Just - take me back!"
His heart starts to pound in his chest as he realizes that he's actually been kidnapped from his world-
that he left Daphne alone and bleeding - that there's a battle that he's supposed to be at tonight - And he's here. With this girl. Trapped.
He spins in a circle, desperate for some way out. But not only is there no way out, there's just...nothing. Absolutely nothing.
###Chapter 0764
"No," Midnight snarls. "I'm not taking you back." When Jesse turns back towards her he sees that she's glaring at him with those soulless empty eyes, her arms crossed. A shiver runs through him completely, his entire self.
God, fuck, what was the Goddess thinking giving him this as his mate?
"I'm never taking you back there," Midnight snaps, shaking her head, her voice dropping deep as shadows - shadows just like his, but darker and more menacing - start to swirl around her. "Not to that whore. Not to that terrible nation where women run wanton and commit their sins and get paid for it. I'm keeping you here, where I can be your good mate and give you eighteen babies. And we'll be happy." Jesse just continues to stare at her, a string of desperate curses running through his mind in an endless refrain. What...what the fuck is he going to do?
Taking his shock as acquiescence, Midnight straightens her shoulders, her face returning to normal. "Good!" she says, perky again. "Come on, I'll take you to my house." She offers a cheerful hand. Jesse just blinks at her before he leans far down so that his eyeline is even with hers. "Midnight," he whispers. "I'd rather fucking die than go to your shit house in this shit world. Now take me home to my fucking girlfriend."
He watches, almost interested, as the finality of his words settle into Midnight's mind, as her face shifts from eager happiness to shock, and then anger, and then rage. Energy crackles through her hair, her fingernails edging into talons at the curved points of her fingers. Each of her breaths grow deeper with her violence.
But Jesse doesn't back off or even straighten up. Because even if he hates her - and he does, absolutely, just...hates this tiny person in front of him - he knows her. Knows her to the depths of him already, knows she's not going to strike out at him - that this is all just her temper flaring deep.
And so he smirks, and laughs a little, and shakes his head. "You're not going to hurt me, Midnight," he murmurs, allowing himself to be a little cruel. "Stop fucking around. Take me home."
Her anger fades almost instantly when he calls her bluff.
"I won't hurt you," she says, her eyes clearing, her words almost a purr. Fear races through Jesse as those eyes shift, looking behind him, to someone standing there. "But he might."
Jesse spins, and then stumbles back, terrified, when his eyes focus on a man standing there.
A man he horribly recognizes. Corporeal this time, when he was only shadow before.
"Hello, little shadow Duke," the God of Darkness says, striding forward. Jesse gasps as the God comes close but doesn't touch, instead passing him. Jesse spins to watch as the God of Darkness moves to Midnight's side, slipping an arm around her shoulders. "I very much hope that you're being kind to my girl."
"No, papa," Midnight says, leaning against the God and giving a very nearly ridiculous pout. "He's been very cruel.
Jesse just...stares, realizing that his life is dancing on a very, very thin string.
"Now now, Sinclair," the God of Darkness says, tugging Midnight mockingly close to his side, making it very clear that this is his girl. "We musn't be mean to my little Midnight here. Not when she's waited so long to meet you." 
Midnight lifts her chin towards Jesse, glaring, righteous and proud.
Jesse just stares between them, not sure if he's supposed to apologize or...grovel...or...
"But girl," the God says, snapping Jesse away from the question as he turns his face to frown down at Midnight. "You did not follow the timeline I gave you. You have caused a great deal of trouble for me." "But," she gasps, shaking her head and holding a hand out towards Jesse. "He was with the whore! He was going to give her his mark!"
The God of Darkness glances Jesse's way again, amused, before looking back at the girl. "Regardless, Midnight he says, stern, shaking his head. "You were impatient, which is a sin You've claimed your mate earlier than I told you to, causing a sincere disruption of my plans." 
The God clicks his tongue shamefully and Midnight hangs her head as Jesse goes pale.
"Now," Darkness snarls, "I have to move up my plans in Atalaxia and we no longer have a spy in the midst of the royal family of Moon Valley."
Midnight sighs and murmurs a formal apology, but Jesse can't even listen as he finally begins to understand.
The spies.
The spy.
This whole time he'd been wracking his brain trying to figure out how Atalaxia was getting information
about them - about Ariel, and where she would be that day of the battle - what she could do
This whole time it wasn't Perry Gibson being some kind of spying savant, it was...him. Midnight, lurking in the darkness in the shadows through some sort of power she controls, watching...him.
He, Jesse, was the leak.
He groans, putting his head in his hands as the pieces finally fall into place.
"No need for that, boy," the God of Darkness says, letting his hand drop from Midnight's shoulders as Jesse again raises his head, his face agonized. "You'll be very happy here with the girl, I am sure. You," he snaps, turning his head sharply to the girl as Midnight jumps to attention before him. 
Something about how she does it - so eagerly, like a dog starving for scraps - sets Jesse's teeth on edge.
###Chapter 0765
"Yes, master?" she says, looking up at the God adoringly.
"Keep him contained," the God says, reaching out a hand to grasp her chin, turning her face side to side like he's inspecting it and finds it wanting. "Do not, under any circumstances, take him back to the Earth." "Yes, sir!" Midnight says, her face bursting into her strange fake smile.
The God of Darkness nods once and begins to walk in the direction that he came, fading and then vanishing as he goes, leaving Jesse awe-struck and dumb with shock, and fear, and agony when he realizes that...he's not going home.
He's not going to go see Daphne today to comfort her, or help Ariel win that battle, not today, maybe not... ever.
And that all of this - all of it has been specifically constructed as some kind of trap. So that whatever Atalaxia has planned for his family tonight and in the war...
It's big. And his family has no idea that it's coming.
"Isn't he amazing?" Midnight breathes, moving quickly to Jesse's side and staring up at him, delighted. "That - that guy?" Jesse asks, gesturing over his shoulder to where the God of Darkness went. "That guy is amazing?"
"Yes," she says, nodding reverently.
Jesse hesitates. "Is he like...your dad?"
Midnight just laughs, shaking her head, her curls bouncing. "He's not my father father - I mean, I'm not
nearly good enough to be so blessed," she says, even blushing at the idea. "But he raised me - and when I'm a good girl he lets me call him papa.'
Jesse's face twists with disgust and confusion. "And when you're a...bad...girl?"
"Then he beats me," she says, blinking like it's the obvious answer. "And makes me call him Master and Great One and Dark King."
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Jesse murmurs, raising a hand to cover his face, agonized for this poor girl. "Who - who are your real parents?"
"I don't know," she sighs, dismissive of the point. "Who cares?"
"Midnight," Jesse sighs, dropping his hand and frowning at her. "You should care - how-how long have you been here?"
"What?" she frowns at him like she's confused. "I've been here forever."
He balks at her, unsure how to believe that. "How old are you?"
"I'm twenty-three," she says, beaming at him. "Just like you!"
He frowns at her. "But you've been here...forever."
"Oh whatever," she sighs, crossing her arms and rolling her eyes. "Stop trying to trap me in my thoughts. Time is stupid."
"Do you ever remember not being here?"
"No."
"Do you remember where you're from?"
"Stop being so boring," Midnight groans, tilting her head back. "Let's go - we're in love! Start acting like it!" Jesse is about to protest, again, that they're definitely not in love but his wolf interrupts with a sharp bite to his soul.
Look at her wolf, Jesse's wolf
whispers, suddenly horrified. Jesse flinches, surprised that his wolf is
interrupting so important a conversation, but then Jesse shifts his focus inwards. His wolf is peering across a dark space a space where, Jesse suddenly realizes, their bond will be if he
accepts it. 
He gulps, wanting to rush away from it, wanting that bond to be with Daphne not this girl - not wanting anything to snap into place by accident
But his wolf howls, and nips at Jesse, and insists - absolutely insists - that he look. So Jesse leans closer, peering in to the darkness where...where Midnight's wolf suddenly appears.
Jesse gasps when he sees her, horrified, because the wolf is...she's wrong. She stands still with her four legs splayed wide and unsteady in what looks like a huge puddle of oif Her teeth are bared, and she's panting but staring unseeingly forward into the void - not at Jesse, not at his wolf, just...into space. Her eyes shine darkly with a strange blue light and all over her fur drips with that oil. Like she's soaking in it, like it's...it's pulling her down, begging her to collapse and to drown - 
Jesse groans, stumbling back, eager to get away, his own hand moving to grasp his own healthy wolf's fur. His wolf stumbles back with him, afraid, not wanting to touch her - knowing that he, too, will be sucked down into that oil if he does. 
That he will become corrupted by it, as Midnight is.
"Come on!" Midnight says, snapping Jesse out of that inner space, eagerly holding out her hand to him. "Let me show you my house!"
Jesse just stares at Midnight, and then down at her hand, and then back at her face, completely blank.
Because if he takes her hand, it means he...gives into it. Into the reality that he can't go back - can't go to Daphne, the woman he loves.
But if he doesn't take her hand...
What? He just stands here...forever?
"Don't you even like me, Jesse?" Midnight asks, breaking him out of his trance.
Jesse just stares at Midnight as she bites her lip.
"Jesse," she whispers, shaking her head softly, her curls shifting as if on the wind. "I've been waiting my whole life for you and...you don't even like me?"
Jesse blinks his dry eyes and stares down at Midnight, at this poor corrupted girl staring up at him with such hope and sadness mingling in her eyes.
And his heart just...breaks.
###Chapter 0766
Jesse just stares at the girl standing before him, wondering if this is some sort of game, some ruse she's playing to trick him into feeling sorry for her. Because he's got a tender heart - he knows that, as much as he tries to hide it from everyone else. Could this girl have figured that out and is now using those big brown eyes, that sad question, to trick him? But even as he thinks it his wolf nips him, hard.
Can't you see it? His wolf hisses, livid with Jesse. This girl is neglected and all alone. The God of Darkness has ruined her wolf - and he's been using her to spy on you. She has nothing, and you cannot even be kind to her?
Jesse's wolf nips him again, hard, ashamed.
And Jesse flinches and blinks again, staring with pity down into Midnight's sweet, broken little face. Because even if it sounds absurd, when Jesse looks into Midnight's dark eyes he knows...that it's absolutely true. That she is some kind of...bizarre orphan of Darkness, raised here alone, with the sole purpose of spying on him and his family.
Or perhaps as...punishment? For him, for his family, for the Goddess? God, but Jesse doesn't know - he doesn't understand anything at all.
And as he realizes it, Jesse's heart reaches for this strange lost girl. For his fated mate, the girl the Goddess picked for him.
"Of course I like you, Midnight," Jesse says, quiet and gentle, taking a step closer but not taking her hand, still wary of the corruption in her soul. "Go ahead. Show me your house.
Midnight's face breaks into that dazzling smile, the truly happy one, not the fake one, and she laughs as she spins and begins to dash away across the packed dirt of the wasteland before them. "Come on!" she says, cheerful. "It's just over this hill!"
Jesse sighs, hangs his head, and with absolutely nothing else to do and no idea where his life will take him next, follows. With each and every footstep, Daphne's name echoes in his heart.
I don't have long to kneel at Daphne's devastated side, doing my best to comfort her as she adjusts to the impossible news that the man she's in love with - who she was so sure was her mate - isn't. And that he's been swept away to another world by a dark magical person who actually is his fated mate, confirmed by the Goddess herself.
The Goddess left, finally, to get more information about Jesse and to leave us to our grief as we fall apart. In the few quiet minutes after her departure my dad leaves me with my friend to hold her while she cries. But it's too short a time before he comes and presses a soft hand to my shoulder. I look up at my dad, at the grief and worry on his face and nod once, understanding. There's just...too much to do.
I murmur a few words to Daphne, explaining, and help her get to her feet. Honestly, I'm not even sure if she hears anything, she's just too lost to her grief. Ben - sweet Benny - is waiting with open arms and I pass Daphne over to him. He gives me a steady nod as he wraps his arms around Daphne and pulls her in for a hug.
I take a moment to nod back to Ben, and to shift my eyes to Daphne, watching as she cries into his chest, Jesse's little shadow cat curled mournfully on her shoulder. But that's all I have time for as Jackson slips a hand around my waist and gives me a little tug, pulling me along to the small group on the other side of the tent that needs my attention now.
Because, of course, I have a thousand roles to play today. Not just friend, but worried sister, and nation's princess. And the magical source that has the power to make a change in this battle that is so clearly ramping up.
That is, of course, if I can access my magic.
I grit my teeth, looking up at Jackson
as we cross the tent. His eyes are already peering down at me, his mouth set in a determined line. But he simply nods and sends a very intense swell of love and support down our bond that does wonders formy poor wounded heart step closer to him, pressing myself to his warm side as we join Rafe, our parents, and my aunt and uncle in the corner. 
Mom can't help the little tears that swell in her eyes as Jackson and I step close. Her gaze sweeps between us and a little trembling smile takes her lips - because she likes us together, I know. Likes his kindness and his steady presence and the way I am the center of his whole world. And she was worried for us after Luca marked me - but now here we are with our arms around each other. 
###Chapter 0767
It does her good, I know, to see her daughter so loved when she's not around to do it.
My dad inhales sharply through his nose when we step close and I shift my gaze to him. "Things are complicated, Ariel, but we need to -"
He gasps mid-sentence - we all do - as a huge sound breaks through the air, something loud and horrible soaring through the air over our heads. I gasp and clutch Jackson's shirt in my hands, and he wraps his arm more firmly around me, one hand tucked behind my head. We all turn towards the sound as it passes us and then wait a beat before -
BOOM.
A huge explosion sounds somewhere in the distance, but obviously on our side. Clearly, the attack has begun.
I snap my head to my father to see him pale, his jaw set. "Roger," he snarls, a command.
"On it," Roger says, striding away, tugging Cora with him as he goes, unwilling to be away from her any more than he has to.
"Ariel," dad snaps, drawing my eyes back to him. Mom and Rafe step closer, closing our circle. "Something - something is happening. We're still scrambling to figure out all the details. We don't know if it was coincidence, or designed to align with the funeral for the two Cadets since they knew I was away from the battlefield, but soon after Juniper was taken the Atalaxians started this assault. It is...a big one." Dad sighs, dipping his face into his hand, clearly trying to hold it all together - his role as King, and as father whose youngest daughter is missing, who is about to ask his eldest daughter to risk her life. "Whatever you need, dad," I say, taking as much of a step forward as I can, wrapped in Jackson's arms as I am. Jackson moves forward with me, understanding the gesture. "I'll do whatever you need." Mom raises her hand to dad's shoulder, her whole heart in her eyes as she looks up into her mate's face. "We're running low on resources, Ari," dad murmurs, dropping his hand and looking me in the eyes. "It's - it's dire. Moon Valley has incredible technology but...we're just so much smaller than Atalaxia. They just have more - more weapons, more people. You may be the only thing left in our arsenal that can tilt this battle - this war - in our favor. Especially if they decide to throw everything they have at us."
I nod, swallowing as I do, understanding.
"You know I'd never ask," dad says, shaking his head at me, his throat tightening and strangling his voice in a way I've never heard before. "I know what you've been through these past weeks - and I know you're still hurt, and healing-but Ariel" 
—
"Dad," I say softly, shaking my head, breaking from Jackson's arms as I step forward towards him and place a hand on his arm. "You don't have to ask, okay? I'm here. I want to be here." Onod, looking up at him, my whole heart in my own eyes now. "This is my nation too, right? My people as much as yours. I'm ready. Or at least - I'll do whatever I can." 
Tears well in dad's eyes as he reaches for me, pulling me into his chest and wrapping me in a tight hug. "I don't know what this world did to deserve you, Ariel," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair. "But I'm so incredibly grateful that I
wel
get to be your dad." 
I tuck my face close against his chest, fighting tears - tears of love for him, and fear about what's to come, and worry about...about whether or not I can do this. Whether or not what magic I have with my bond to Luca broken will be enough.
"Dominic," Roger barks, he and Cora stepping close.
Dad loosens his grip on me, looking over at my uncle.
"It's bad," Roger says, nodding around at all of us. "It's what we feared - the full assault. We have to move."
Silence reigns as everyone in the circle turns their eyes to me.
I loose a long breath and stepping away from my father, stepping back until I feel Jackson's warm chest behind me. His hands rest light on my hips as he senses that I want him near but don't want to be held right now. That I need to stand on my own two feet.
"Okay," I say, lifting my chin and looking at mom and Cora. "Let's do this. Is there somewhere we can go?
I need to...figure out what's up with my magic."
Mom swallows hard and then nods to me, taking Rafe's hand, clearly wanting him along. "Yes," she says, quiet and worried. "Come on, out back. We'll see what you can do."
###Chapter 0768
I slowly exhale as I concentrate on the little stack of wood at the center of the empty space between the tents that my mother lead us to. A little anxious, I glance around at all of the very flammable canvas fabric around us.
"Steady," Jacks murmurs, smirking down at me from his place at my side, sensing the direction of my thoughts. "You control it. You won't set the camp ablaze unless you want to."
I huff a laugh and shake my head, hoping that he's right. Then I glance to my other side, where mom, Cora, and Rafe are waiting, watching me carefully, impatient though they're trying to hide it. Jackson takes my hand and I feel the power start to flow between us. Just a trickle right now, but more at the ready whenever I want to pull on it.
"I mean, we're not going to have the darkness," I say, my voice small, my eyes moving to Cora's. She swallows hard as she nods to me, raising her chin. My mom steps closer to her sister, taking her hand. "Or...the wind."
"Flame is still great, Ari," Rafe murmurs, his green eyes wide and full of support. "It's kind of the important part. Let's just...see what you can do."
"Okay," I whisper, squeezing Jackson's hand. And then I exhale again and turn back towards the stack of wood, concentrating on it.
Instantly, it bursts into flames, bringing a little smile to my mouth. Because despite all of the horrible things that have happened, I do love the magic. It's warm and peaceful and right. I pull on Jackson's power then, letting the fire roar happily as it grows in size, far bigger than it should be with such a little pile of wood to feed it.
I take a minute to let the joy and the magic fill me, taking a deep and peaceful breath. And then I begin to experiment, making the flame go bigger and smaller, seeing what I can do.
"It's still very effective," Rafe murmurs, glancing at our mom. "Even without the wind. The fact that she can just look at something and make it burst into flames - I mean, as long as her visuals aren't interrupted..." Rafe and mom continue, discussing military applications, but I sigh and little and turn back to my happy little fire. Or, happy gigantic inferno, more accurately.
But even if Rafe is right that my magic is still a very destructive force, I miss the wind. Being able to turn it into that wide and flaming gyre...
Man, but that had been cool. And it had felt good and right, singing through my body. After all, that's how I had been able to move it around.
A little wind ripples through the little square clearing now as I remember what it had been like when the fire danced along with me, moving as moved. The wind moves towards the fire which seems to reach for it, eager for the fresh oxygen that it brings. I smile when the wind plays with the tendrils of fire, letting them grow a little, pulling it towards the sky. 
Then I smile, turning my head to Cora. "Is that you?" I ask, curious, nodding towards it. "Bringing in the wind?"
But she just stares at me and slowly shakes her head. "I'm not doing anything, Ariel."
I frown, glancing back towards the fire as the wind dies down. "You didn't?" I whisper. Because, I mean...we're entirely surrounded by tents and it's a calm day. If Cora didn't do it... 
My mom gasps and I turn to see her grasping Cora's hand, looking at me with wide eyes.
"What?" I ask, feeling wary, taking a step closer to Jackson, who is ready for me as he always is. Jackson steps behind me, keeping hold of my hand with his, letting me lean against his broad chest. 
###Chapter 0769
"Sweetheart," mom whispers, glancing back at the fire. "Baby...try it again, okay? Can you...can you pull on the wind? Like you did before when... Luca was here too?"
I frown at her and shake my head. "Mom, it needs physical contact," I say. "That's how it's always been. And he's...not here."
She looks at me, her expression pleading, and she glances once at Jackson like she's worried for him. "But he is with you, baby," mom whispers, raising her own hand to wrap around her neck, high up and close to her jaw.
I gasp a little, realizing that she's touching her neck precisely where Luca marked mine. My own hand flies up to the mark - the indelible piece of Luca that I'll always carry
And then I snap my head back to the fire that still burns in the middle of the clearing, and I pull hard on the wind, just as I would if Luca were here holding my hand.
The wind soars through the clearing, ragged and uneven. I pulls it in shaky bursts, not the smooth torrent it was before - but it's there - and it's so clearly responding to my call -
I moan a little, in relief as much as grief, as the wind mixes with the fire, lifting it high into the air. We all watch, breathless, as the fire climbs into the sky. And I shake my head because it's not the same. The whirlwind sputters and starts, climbing and then falling and then climbing again, rough and uneven. But it's there.
I let it fall, letting the fire collapse to the ground, and groan as I turn into Jackson, burying my face in his chest, my shoulders shaking as I try to put the pieces of this together. He wraps one arm around my back, his other hand softly cupping the back of my head as he stands steady and holds me tight. I take a few deep breaths, trying - trying hard to understand it - to put the pieces of it together.
And as I do, the Goddess's words come back to me. That I need my mate's marks, that it's important to my magic. That this, maybe, was what she was talking about the whole time. That getting the marks wasn't even about my romantic relationships that it was always about the magic. About giving me a piece of them as part of me so that I'd be able to do...this. 
Whatever this is.
Even when they're far away.
"Baby," mom murmurs after a long moment, coming close. "Sugar, are you all right?"
I take a few deep breaths, trying hard to pull myself together, and then I turn my face to my mother, my cheeks damp. "How is it possible?" I breathe.
"Ariel," mom says, stepping close and again glancing up at Jackson with that worried expression. "Luca... your bond with him isn't fully broken, all right?"
My eyes go wide as mom quickly
explains, Rafe and Cora coming to stand close behind her listening. She tells me everything - about dad
saying the physical effects of th nets
rejection should have been so much worse, and checking on the bonds, and finding that my bond with Luca is still...there. Ragged and thin but there. 
"Why didn't you tell me?" I whisper, shaking my head, wrapping my arms as far around Jackson as they'll go, wanting to keep him close.
"You were already in so much pain,
baby," mom whispers, shaking her head at me. "We never meant to keep it from you forever. But we wanted to give you space, to let you heal piece by piece. I'm sorry if that
was wrong." 
I nod, looking down at the ground, considering it. But ultimately deciding that...I get it. That she was just trying to protect me and let me heal.
###Chapter 0770
Then I look up at Jacks, incredibly anxious about how he's going to react to the news.
"It's okay," he says, quite soft, looking down at me like we're the only two people standing in this clearing. He lifts his hand to my face, softly stroking my cheek with his thumb. "Doesn't change anything for me. I'm still not letting that jackass anywhere near you - but if you still have part of a bond?" he shrugs. "At least we know some weird other mate isn't going to come and mess up our lives. Yeah?"
"Yeah," I say, giving him a tremulous smile, nodding.
"It's fine, tiny," he murmurs, dipping his head to press a kiss to my forehead. "It's precisely fine. Don't worry about me."
I close my eyes for a moment, turning my head and pressing my cheek to his chest, again wondering how
I got so lucky as to have this calm, patient man as my mate. He holds me tighter, letting me feel his support.
"Ariel," Rafe says after a moment, quiet, making me open my eyes and focus on him. "How does it feel, the magic now? It looked...different."
"Yeah," I sigh, standing up straighter and pulling away from Jackson for a moment. "It...feels different than when Luca was standing right here with me. It's...unsteady. Harder. Do you..." I bite my lip, looking towards my mom. "Do you think he can feel it, mom? I don't...I don't want to be taking the magic from Luca, not if he were unwilling to give it."
"He gave you the mark willingly, baby," mom says, stepping forward and cupping my neck with her palm, looking me sadly in the eyes. "I think he gave you the magic along with it, even if he didn't mean to. I think it's okay. I don't think it's a violation."
I nod, exhaling a long breath, choosing to believe her even if I still have questions.
"So it's...it's harder to call now?" Rafe asks, anxious and getting us back to the problem at hand. "But not...too hard?" He exhales sharply, running a hand through his hair, glancing towards the tent where dad and
Roger are working to plan th and nee
counter-assault. Explosions still
—
echo in the air, though further away now. "It's just Ariel, it's a big deal if you can still use Luca's wind - or, your wind now, if that's what it is -" 
"Yeah, I can do it, I think,” I say, nodding a little. "Just, um..." I look at mom and Cora, anxious. "Can we stay out here for a little bit? Experiment, see what I can and can't
do?" 
"Sure, trouble," mom murmurs, patting my shoulder and glancing at Cora, who nods. "We can take a little time."
"I'll go update dad," Rafe says, giving me a steady nod and then striding for the door.
I exhale and turn away from Jackson, reaching again for his hand.
"Let 'er rip, tiny," Jacks murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair, ever-supportive and lovely as he always is. "Let's see what you can do."
With a last glance toward mom and
Cora, my heart breaking for these two women whose children were kidnapped today and who are still
finding the strength to help meet
help their nation, I turn back towards the fire. And, determined to do whatever I can to help, I exhale and begin to experiment with the fire and the wind, seeing how high and steadily I can raise it. 
###Chapter 0771
It is so, so short a time later when I'm in the back of a transport, racing to the front line of the battle with Jackson and Rafe and Roger by my side. My hands tremble a little as I watch Roger fasten on the earpiece that my father gave him, so that he can use to communicate back to the base.
Because dad's not here - he wanted to come, but sending the King to the front along side the heir and the spare? It just...we decided against it.
Dad - he held me for so, so long before he lifted me onto the transport truck. He didn't say anything -1 don't think he could, not at that moment. But the way he and mom looked as Roger climbed in behind me - their faces pale and serious, their eyes locked on me and my brother.
I knew, in my very soul, how much they love us. How they would never, ever send us off to the front like this unless they had to.
I clenched my jaw now as I remember it, determined not to cry again. Jackson just gathers me closer into his lap, resting his chin gently on my head, cradling me against him. He doesn't say anything or send any emotions down the bond - he just holds me and lets me have a little private moment to vent my exhausted heart. But he's there - always there - just in case I need him.
God, I love him so much.
I look up at him now, steady next to me, and nod, letting him know that I'm all right.
"We can do this," Jackson murmurs, running a hand over my cap, my hair. "No one can do it but us, right? So we're going to do it."
"Yeah," I whisper, giving a tremulous smile, believing him as I secure the earpiece and let my hands fall to my lap on a shaky exhale of breath. "We're gonna do it."
"And then," he murmurs, dropping his head low to speak into my ear, our own private moment. "I'm taking you away from all of this for a few days, and we're going to get you all marked up."
I burst out in a shaky little laugh - because honestly, I haven't thought of anything in the future. Anything beyond getting to this front, and unleashing my power, and sending these Atalaxian forces straight to hell for everything they've taken from me. For Tony, and Juniper, and Jesse...
If, even, that's who took them.
God, I just...I don't even know.
But I let Jackson's promise root me because a few days away from everything and alone with him sounds just right.
The transport slows to a stop and I take a shaky breath, looking over at Rafe and Roger, who are already hopping out of the truck. Jackson helps me to my feet and I follow, my hands shaking as I lift myself down to the ground.
My breath stills in my lungs as I look around. The Moon Valley forces stretching out on either side of us in a long, steady line, but it isn't the sight that stuns me. The noise is...incredible.
All the guns, and the shouted orders, and the sounds of heavy machinery as my people work hard to hold back the Atalaxian forces. Slowly I turn towards the Atalaxian front, freezing and sucking in a great deal of air when I see the extent of the enemy stretched out before us.
There are just...so many of them. Lines and lines of soldiers, and tanks, and guns, and planes and helicopters. God, how have we held them back for so long?
How have we -
"Hey," Roger snaps, making me turn hastily to look up into his serious face. All signs of the mourning father whose son is missing are gone as he presses a gun holster into my hands. No, he's all General now. "You don't worry about them, okay? You leave the worrying to me. You just do your little magic show, baby trouble. We'll handle the rest." 
I nod to him, glancing down at holster with the single handgun already loaded inside. I mean, it's a nice gun, but... "Can't I have a bigger one?"
Roger bursts out laughing as he shakes his head at me, as Jackson smirks and kneels down to strap it onto my waist.
"Think of it as your little emotional support gun," Rafe says with a happy sigh, strapping a whole arsenal of weapons to his own broad body. "I told dad you'd want it."
"Unfair," I mutter, drifting a hand passively over Jackson's cheek as he stands up. "I'm a better shot than all of you and I just get the little one."
"Because you are the weapon, trouble," Rafe murmurs, looking over at Jackson as my mate, too, begins to load himself up. "You ready?"
"Yup," Jackson says, nodding
steadily to my brother and my uncle as he drapes weapons all over his body. Rather a nice sight, if you ask me. Jacks senses my thought and sends me a fond glance. "We're good. Let's go." 
###Chapter 0772
Roger nods once and the four of us fall into a line, moving out towards the front to join the fight.
"Here's the deal," Roger murmurs, glancing down at me from my right. "Cora's got a storm coming in from behind the Atalaxian front that should do a great deal of work towards distracting them. Plus, they won't be able to get many aircraft off the ground with what she's got brewing."
"Oh," I say, my eyebrows going up as I consider that that is, indeed, going to be help. I think the stars again that I have a powerful weather goddess as an aunt.
"What we need from you," Roger continues, shifting his eyes to the wide front of Atalaxian forces before us. "Is to take out as much of this as you can. We've managed to enter after the battle has already started, so hopefully no one has taken note of one transport truck delivering four soldiers."
"But considering that they always seem to have eyes on us," Rafe murmurs, also glancing at me, "who knows. So, we need to move fast."
Roger nods as he taps his own earpiece. "I've got your dad right here, Ariel, to direct the battle. But mostly we just need you to...take 'em out, in whatever way works for you. We're here for guidance and for cover. But...whenever you're ready, kid."
"Oh," I say, my eyes going wide. Because...I just...go? I think I was expecting more preamble than that. I glance up at Jackson, anxious, and he takes my hand, looking steadily down into my eyes.
The power begins to flow between us, itself a powerful encouragement, making me feel full of energy and ready to blaze.
"You ready, baby?" I whisper.
His face bursts into a smile at the pet name - the first I ever called him, the one I think he likes the most, though he'd hate it if others knew it.
"Ready when you are, tiny," he murmurs in reply. And I watch as he physically restrains himself from leaning down to kiss me.
Because we're at war. And there's no time for that.
But still, the impulse makes me grin, and I exhale a long breath. "Okay. Let's go."
I step forward and join the battle.
I press all the thoughts and worries from my mind - all of my sadness about Tony, and my worries about Juniper, and my horror for both Jesse and Daphne. I tuck it all away, as Roger has done, and instead just look for something to burn.
Because a girl's got to start somewhere.
My eyes catch on a plane soaring high above the Atalaxian forces, heading right for our troops, probably to drop some bombs and steal away even more Moon Valley lives.
"You good if I start there?" I murmur to my uncle.
His eyes move upwards. "The plane? Um. Sure."
"Cool." My mouth turns down into a frown as I concentrate, pulling on Jackson's power. It's only a moment before the plane bursts into flames above the Atalaxian lines. I smirk, imagining the way that surprise must have made them all flinch.
But my joy is short-lived as I begin to I concentrate, pulling on Luca's sputtering wind and Jackson's raw power to grow the fire in the air even as the debris of the plane falls to the ground.
Slowly, the flaming whirlwind forms in the sky above the Atalaxian troops. Even as I miss Jesse and his shadows,
magnifiere is something so...so
magnificent about the bright flame
against the dark sky that thrills within me. I take a moment, not destroying anything else, just... letting the conflagration hang in the air, a clear message to the enemy that reflects all of the rage and pain in my heart. 
That I'm here now. And their time is short, because the fire is coming and I'm going to burn them all to ash.
But there's only so much time I can dedicate to a message. And so I begin.
The inferno lengthens, reaching to touch the ground for the first time, and then begins to move. I allow it to tear through the forces closest to it, moving westward in my vision and destroying everything in its path squeeze Jackson's hand as I concentrate, wanting his comfort as well as his strength, because...the magic is wilder than it was before. I'm just not used to the way the wind moves now. It's not a dance
anymore, but a furious rampage.
I loose a shaky breath, working to manage the flames even as the destruction continues forward.
Jackson squeezes my hand right
back and his confidence fills me. A perverse joy sings through my veins as I direct the fire to move,
consuming everything it touches net
and fueling the fire of my rage, my pain, my desire to destroy this horrible army that seeks to take everything from the people I love. 
"Holy fuck," Roger murmurs beneath his breath.
"I told you," Rafe says back, sighing in a satisfied way.
But I barely hear them, concentrating as I am on the firey path that I'm blazing through the Atalaxian foe.
###Chapter 0773
I glance to the left even as my fire sweeps through the enemy line, consuming everything in sight, realizing that even though I'm raining destruction on our foe there's still...so, so much more work to be done. There are just so much of the Atalaxians. And they're starting to respond, to turn on my whirlwind of flames, to fight back.
I watch, curious, as the enemy begins by trying martial force, shooting at my flames with shells and bullets. But that does nothing but make me smirk as I continue to destroy everything before me, the flames reaching out to snag tanks and trucks off the ground, reducing them to ash. And it's not just what's on the ground, either. I see the flash of Cora's lightening in the distance, but some helicopters manage to get into the air, heading for the flame. Eager, the blaze reaches for them with what looks like demonic hands, snagging them out of the sky and smashing them to the ground in flaming arcs that look like meteors falling from the sky.
I breathe deeply as I work, joy humming through me, satisfied, finally, to feel like I'm doing something when I have felt so...so helpless in the past weeks and months. And even as joy pulses through me I feel myself shaking too because it's not nearly as effortless as it was, even if I am hungry for it. "Steady, girl," Jackson murmurs, squeezing my hand, pressing himself close to my side.
I nod and loose a shaky breath, pushing forward.
Eventually the Atalaxians get clever and begin to spray my fires with water, which actually does affect them. My magic is mystical, after all, but the flames are very real - they react as any other flames would. I flinch at the first spray from some kind of emergency fire truck, feeling the spray almost as if against my own skin. And I frowning, wondering what to do.
"Start again," Jacks murmurs with a shrug, glancing down at me. I glance back up at him and nod, realizing that he's right.
So I simply drop the whirlwind, giving up on it. I can barely hear it as a great cheer goes up from the Atalaxian forces, who think they've won.
That is, until I just make their firetruck explode and use it as fuel to build a second whirlwind, which rises higher and stronger than the first.
"Does she get tired?" Roger asks, his voice low.
"I don't know," Rafe murmurs back, worried.
"She's fine," Jackson snaps, glancing over at them.
"I'm fine," I murmur, concentrating.
"To the right, Ari," Jackson says, his focus fully on me and the work we're doing. "Do you see it?"
I flick my eyes to the right, frowning, seeing the swell of Atalaxian forces marshalling, moving towards my fire in some vain attempt to stop it.
"What do you think?" I murmur to my mate. "Split it, or fresh flame?"
"Whatever you think, fire sprite,"
Jackson softly replies, the joy he takes in seeing me work with my magic alight in his voice. I take moment to shift my gaze to him, loving him a great deal, loving his pride in me. 
But there's only a moment for that before I refocus on the battle, using two tanks as fodder for two new whirlwinds of flame that I set right n the Atalaxian path as they attempt to send aid to those being attacked by my original fires. The two new blazes sputter shakily to life, climbing unsteadily up into the sky before I move them forward. 
Jackson frowns, glancing down at me, sending more power down along our bond.
I glance back up at him. "It's not you," I murmur, shaking my head. "It's the stupid...wind. It was easier before, more responsive."
"Okay," he says, nodding. "Don't worry about it now, we can experiment later. Just concentrate on this. You're doing amazing."
I do as my mate bids, sending the two new whirlwinds out to wreak destruction on the foe.
"Got it," Roger snap, nodding once with his hand on his earphone. Then he turns to me. "Ariel, can you... talk while you work?"
"I can," I say, even though I don't
move my eyes to him. I sigh through my nose, frustrated at how much more difficult this is without Luca at my side, wonder, again, just how much help I draw from my mates when they're by my side when they work. I mean, is it just their magic that they lend me? Or something else too? Some kind of...balance. 
"Your dad gave me a report," Roger says, working fast. "The Atalaxians were surprised, which is what we wanted, but they're responding now, sending everything they've got. Are you ready? Can you handle more?"
"Yup," I say, nodding once. "Bring it on."
There's a long pause but then Roger nods. "Okay." He turns away, murmuring into his ear piece. "They're trying to distract attention from you, Ariel," Rafe says, stepping close and leaning down to speak to me. "Do you see, over there?"
Rafe points to my right, where the Moon Valley forces are swarming, almost as if they're protecting something at their center. Instantly I realize what they're doing, drawing enemy fire away from me so that I can work.
It works, too - almost as if they were called, Atalaxian tanks appear in formation and begin to roll right for that spot of swarming forces.
I gasp, immediately dismayed - because it's not like those swarming Moon Valley forces are just drones and empty trucks - it's people - my people - and we're using them as bait -
###Chapter 0774
"No," I say, shaking my head, a little frantic.
"Ari!" Jackson bites out, and I snap my head back to the front ahead of me, realizing that I got distracted - that two of my whirlwinds are faltering.
"Shit shit," I murmur, more curses rushing through my mind as I force more power into the original whirlwind and set it again on its path. But I don't start the other two, instead snapping my head back up to the tanks and exploding them into flames, one by one, before they can even reach the bulk of our forces, of my people.
"Fuck, man," Roger murmurs, awed as he takes in the mess of twisted steel that litters the battlefield, as I collect the fire from each of them into a swirling mass larger than the rest - into a hurricane of fire that now stands between the forces and the Atalaxians coming for them.
Because I'm not letting it happen - I'm not letting my people die -
"Ariel!" Rafe barks out. "You can't concentrate on defense! That's not part of the plan!"
"I'm not sacrificing them!" I shout back, pissed off.
He grabs my arm, forcing me to look at him. "Everyone on this battlefield - everyone is as willing to sacrifice themselves as you are, okay!?"
I stare up into my brother's face, shocked by the rare emotion there.
"You need to concentrate on offense, Ariel!" he shouts down at me, shaking his head vehemently. "We need you to take them out - do you understand me!? Not just protect! They - they've got Jesse - we don't know -"
I gasp, even as Roger grabs Rafe and hauls him back, scolding him for bringing Jesse into this, for letting his emotions shine through.
"Do they?" I ask, whipping my head to Jackson.
"No," he bites out, snarling as he looks over at Rafe. "Or, we don't know, Ariel - I don't know why Rafe said that - he's letting his emotions run away with him -"
I frown, looking back towards the battlefield, knowing immediately what I want. If they did take Jesse? If they're holding him?
God, I could kill them all.
I grit my teeth, concentrating on the hurricane of fire, and slowly begin to build it.
"You need to be on the offensive, Ariel!" Rafe barks out, deeply misinterpreting my action.
I ignore him.
"Roger!" I bark out. He snaps his head to me. "Tell Cora to cut the storm. Let them send their air force. If we have any planes in the air, get them out."
"Wh-what?" Roger sputters.
"Oh fuck," Jackson whispers, staring down at me.
"Do it!"
There's a long pause of silence
before Roger does as I say, his hand snapping to his ear piece as he
sends my orders down the line to my father. It takes a few minutes to go into effect, for the storm to dissipate, for the steady hum of aircraft to build in the distance. 
I don't say a word the entire time, simply building the hurricane, letting it grow. Whatever the Atalaxians send in the meantime I destroy, adding the fuel to the fire even as I pull on Jackson's incredible well of strength. Building something huge, something unstoppable.
Rafe wants offense? I'll give him fucking offense.
"Steady, trouble," Jackson murmurs at my side, watching as the incredible force I've conjured turns steadily in the center of the battlefield. "Hold some back," he urges, steady. "Just in case."
"No," I growl, completely unable to imagine anything that could stop me now. My canines elongate and
rage pumps in my heart. My whole body begins to hum with it, warm and steady and true.
"Ariel," Jackson's word is anxious. But I ignore him, my eyes snapping to the sky as little dots begin to appear.
"What's that?" Rafe murmurs, snapping his face towards Roger.
"Shit," Roger whispers, tilting his head up. "Shit..."
The rumble of aircraft is louder and louder, building until -
I don't even blink as the armada of
fighter jets appear, streaking through the air, heading right for us. God, hell but they're fast - faster than I thought they'd be. I grit my teeth, my fangs bared, wondering if I've overstepped myself - if I've gone beyond my means 
But I don't let the doubt sit long. Because Atalaxia has seized their chance, just as I hoped they would. And they've sent every plane that they've got.
I begin to tremble as I try to be patient, to let them come, to fly over my hurricane of flame. My breath comes in tiny pants as I try to begin to move the huge fire. But it's so heavy - so much slower than I thought-
"Pull it back, Ariel!" Jackson barks out. "The big one - collapse it! Go smaller, take them out one by one like you did with the helicopters!"
I take in an unsteady breath, trying to do as he says, snapping my head upwards as I concentrate on the planes that soar above me. I concentrate on them one by one, my magic moving fast, the panes exploding almost as soon as I set eyes on them -
But there's so many - it's too much -
God, have I completely miscalculated? Have I doomed us all with my arrogance and my rage?
It's only a moment before the planes reach our lines of troops.
And then the bombs begin to drop.
###Chapter 0775
The entire ground shakes as the first bomb hits before our line of troops and explodes. It's far - far away from me - but still, the way the earth trembles beneath my feet makes me moan.
Jackson is there immediately, keeping my hand held tight in his but wrapping his arm around me, using it to press me protectively back into his chest. "We need to get out of here!" he barks, glaring hard at Roger, who nods to him.
"No!" I shout, even as two more bombs hit and shake the world. Because I can hear it - I can hear the screams of my allies, my people. "We're not going fucking anywhere -"
"Ariel!" Rafe shouts out, frowning at me.
But I ignore him - ignore them all - and instead snap my head up to the hurricane of flame, the gyre before me. Because it is mine, no matter how heavy it is. And I control it.
I open my mouth then in a snarl that turns into a roar as I shoot my hand up, hurling out all of my power, all of my magic and my energy towards the flames, lifting them high into the air and letting them stretch wide and flat. I scream at the weight of it against my soul, the pull on my magic and on Jackson's. Behind me, I feel him tremble too.
And then I take that fire and push it all upwards with a mighty heave that has me tilting forward against Jackson's arm, my breath gasping as the fire shoots up towards the skies and the Atalaxian planes flying there.
The sight is...unbelievable. In fact, I wouldn't believe it would real - would stand gaping in the way that my uncle and my brother are if I didn't feel it coming from me.
The entire sky turns orange and red and white and blue at the center as the wide flat expanse of fire grows and them continues to roar upwards into the sky, burning everything with it as it goes - hundreds of planes, maybe thousands, all at once. And the fire that they produce as they burn - I capture it all, and hold it together.
And then I turn, my teeth gritted, and focus on the lines before us.
Lines of Atalaxians that move steadily for us now, eating up the ground beneath them as they charge for our lines.
But I'm ready. I'm waiting. And I'm pissed as hell.
The fire spreading across the sky condenses into one line of white-hot fire that comes slamming to the ground before us - far enough away not to scorch any moon valley troops, but not so far that we don't feel its heat as it hits us as a wave.
"Ariel!" Jackson shouts, holding me tight, looking down at me with worry in his eyes. "It's too fucking much!"
But I just snarl and push, push again, forcing that fire forward towards Atalaxia in a mighty rolling bonfire that can't be sotpped.
My breath heaves hot in my lungs, because I want them all to burn, to reduce to ash, to - "She's overheating!" Jackson barks out, pulling me tight against him. "Rafe, we've got to -"
"Ariel!" Rafe shouts. Roger looks at me with wide eyes, speaking quickly into his headset as Rafe reaches for me. But when my brother's hand touches my skin he gasps and pulls it back. 
I feel it then, when my brother stumbles away, how hot my skin is - how my blood feels ready to boil - And then my magic sputters. Not because I doubt it but because -
Jackson -
He pulls away, dropping my hand.
"Jacks!" I gasp, tripping forward as I spin to look at him, as my line of fire fades just yards in front of the encroaching Atalaxian foe.
"You're going to burn out, Ariel!" he shouts at me, reaching his hand out, seeking for me to understand. "You're going to hurt yourself!"
"They're going to kill everyone!" I
moan, sweeping a hand out at the forces that are now beyond the line! was trying to hold. I groan, and try again my fire sweeping out. The mark on my finger - my connection to Jackson - it pulses - 
But it's not enough -
—
I cry out in agony, putting my hands in my hair, tears springing to my eyes. "What did you do!?" I moan, watching them come. "I had them - I had them!"
But even as the tears start to streak down my cheeks, they puff away into steam.
"We've got to get her cooled down," Jackson shouts, terrified, turning to Rafe as he realizes that I'm a lost cause. "She's just a girl - her body is mortal, even if her power is not –“ 
"Fuck," Rafe breathes, trembling, reaching for me. "We need - we fucking need Tony -"
"Cora sent me with the next best thing," Roger snarls, and from the corner of my eye I see him pull something from a pocket - a syringe.
But I can't concentrate on that - instead, I just wail, watching in horror as the Atalaxian forces fly forward and the Moon Valley troops roll out to meet them.
###Chapter 0776
Chaos erupts the moment that they touch, exploding all around us.
Roger screams my name, reaching for me as I reach for Jackson, wanting his touch - wanting his power - because I know I can help it - I know I can fix this -
"Ariel!" Rafe screams, reaching for me too.
"Rafe, she'll fucking burn you!" Jackson shouts, stepping away from me for a second - just a second - to shove him away.
But it's all that it takes.
The shell hits. And explodes.
Suddenly I'm flying through the air, screaming in pain and fear as my body is tossed to the side. I hit hard on my back and struggle to draw breath, but it doesn't matter - it can't matter.
I force myself to roll, pressing my palms to the ground, pushing myself up, frantically scanning through the dust and the dirt. And then I drag in a rasping breath that's half gasp and half sob as I see all three of them getting to their knees, looking for each other and for me -
I moan, because they're all right. Rafe, and Jackson, and Roger - they're okay - just thrown apart, like me. I push harder at my hands, taking a mental inventory of my own body. Because I'm hot - god, I'm so hot - but I'm also all here, and relatively unhurt, as far as I can tell.
Good, I think, nodding as I struggle to my knees and sweat pours down my face. Now we can get back to work.
My wolf bares her teeth, nodding, urging me forward to get back to the fire, to help and do whatever we
can -
But just as I push to my feet, a bright flash of blue light flares.
And someone wraps their hand around my bicep, pulling me close.
"No, little girl," the man murmurs, yanking me to his side. "Not so fast."
I gasp, eyes going wide, as I look up into the man's face. His skin is starkly pale, his dark hair combed back from his temples, and he stares at me with the palest, most beautiful pair of blue eyes...
I blink, dazed, recognition instantly flaring in me. Because he looks like...but no, I can't put it together. I shake myself, panting, not understanding why I recognize this man who I know I've never seen before. Because I would have remembered it - remembered that scent - like ozone and salt and jasmine. That...that incredible scent...
My wolf stands stock still in my soul just...staring at him.
"Ariel!" Jackson shrieks, and I hear his footsteps pounding towards me, see him grab for the weapon strapped to his side.
"Finally we meet," the beautiful man says, his voice a low and sultry hum, ridiculous in this horrible war where shells explode all around us. He pulls me closer to him and my lips peel back in a snarl as I whip my hand up, intending to smack him - hard - across the face. To set him on fire as I strike.
But the man just laughs, catching my wrist in his hand, a circle of that blue light - too blue, electric, like neon - forming around my wrist.
"Enough of that," he snarls, glaring hard down at me. My wolf howls in my soul, skittering away from him. Wrong, wrong, she murmurs, shaking, staring hard at his wolf.
His wolf, who stands in a what looks like nothing more than a puddle of oil that clings to his legs. His wolf, that's dripping in that blackness, his eyes alight with that same blue flame just...staring out into the void of his soul. 
His wolf who...who stands on the other side of...
...of a bond...
"That's right," the man snaps, leaning close to me. And even as Jackson's footsteps pound louder, closer,
I can't take my eyes away.
"Ariel!" My mate's scream is terrified.
"How are you doing this," I whisper, shaking my head, continuing to try to set him aflame - to get him away from me - but...nothing.
Not a single flare of heat rises beyond my own skin.
"What, did you think that I was
.ne?
unprepared for you?" the man coos, ridiculous and condescending. I stare upt into his face. "That I wouldn't be able to dominate and control you, as a man should his mate?" 
The word clangs through me and my mouth drops open in horror.
"That's right, little mate," he snarls, leaning forward towards me, leering. "I've been waiting a long time for you, Ariel Sinclair. And now that I have you? I'm taking you home where you belong. And I am not letting you go." 
He whips his head up, grinning again, his eyes focusing on Jackson who is just feet from us now - his weapon raised - his face horrified -
"Say goodbye," my mate whispers, pressing a lewd kiss to my cheek, his eyes on Jacks as he does it. "JACKSON!" I scream, reaching for him with my free hand.
But it's too late.
We tumble backward, the experience perversely familiar now as we fall back into the void, into the darkness.
Into that new world.
Leaving everything I love behind.
###Chapter 0777
Rafe just...stares.
His mouth hangs open and he stands still as he just...looks at the place his sister was standing just - just a fucking moment ago -
Where Jackson is now roaring his rage and pain as he turns, fruitlessly, looking everywhere for his mate like he's just going to find her sitting on the ground behind him or something. But she's gone - Ariel is...is fucking gone.
Vanished, like Jesse.
Like Juniper.
Who...who is taking his family, one by one?
"Let's go," Roger snarls, grabbing Rafe by his arm and striding forward, the needle still in his hand. "Roger!" Rafe snaps out, digging his feet in, shaking his head. "We have to - we have to stay - she's here
"She's not here!" Roger snaps, spinning his head back to glare at his nephew, his canines elongated, his eyes alight with rage and with pain. God, his niece - his perfect niece - gone now too? Like Jesse, his fucking son? And Juniper, who had no god damn part in this war? "We're getting out of here, Rafe! We need to regroup!"
"No!" Rafe roars, giving a mighty shake of his head. "We're not leaving without her!"
Roger yanks, hard, pulling the boy to him. "You have a responsibility to this realm, Rafe," he snarls, shaking his nephew, making him hear it. "You are second in line to this throne. Some mysterious force has just snatched the third in line from right under our eyes. I'm getting you out of here! Now!" Rafe quails at this, at the idea of just...just leaving. Of not even looking for her.
"We're getting you out of here," Roger snaps, pulling Rafe forward, and striding for Jackson. "And I need your help with him. He needs medical attention."
Confused, Rafe follows Roger with stumbling steps as he strides for Jackson, even as gunfire continues to explode on either side of them. Medical attention? Jackson doesn't need -
But then Rafe's eyes fall to Jackson's hand, which is blistered with burns.
Burns from where he held Ariel's hand, passed her his power, even when her power roared so powerfully that she nearly burned herself out. Rafe's stomach turns at the sight of Jackson's ruined palm.
But the agony on his face...
As they step closer, Rafe's devastation grows. Because Jackson just continues to roar, his unharmed hand sunk deep in his hair as he continues to spin, wide-eyed, looking everywhere for Ariel. But of course, she's not there.
"Jackson!" Roger shouts, reaching for the younger man.
But Jackson just spins, his good hand lashing out, his knuckles catching Roger backwards across the cheek and sending him stumbling back. "Don't touch me!" Jackson snarls around his canines, his eyes wide and furious.
"Jacks," Rafe cries, shaking his head, reaching for him to. "Roger's right - she's -"
"We're getting her back!" Jackson shouts.
"We will!" Rafe calls, nodding fervently. "But - you need help - we have to get off this field -"
"I'm not leaving her!"
"She's already gone!"
Jackson stills at the words, staring at Rafe with such horror and grief in his eyes that Rafe moans, holding his hand out further.
"Please, Jacks," Rafe says, his voice breaking on the words. "She's gone - they took her, she's gone -
we can't get her back by standing here - we need to go back to the base, make a plan -"
"I can't leave her," Jackson cries, his shoulders slumping in grief. "I - I have to stay -"
But he goes suddenly rigid as a hand wraps around his chest from behind. Rafe gasps in a sharp breath, horrified -
But the horror shifts to mere
confusion when Roger peers over Jackson's shoulder a moment later. And then Rafe's eyes shift to the needle in Roger's hand, the other side of which is deep in Jackson's neck. Jackson's eyes roll back and he slumps hard to the ground, almost taking Roger with him. 
"Let's go," Roger barks, looking anxiously around at the battle. "It's getting bad here. And I need...your help with this guy." He looks down and grimaces at the huge form laying unconscious on the ground, clearly wondering how they're going to lift him. 
"Roger," Rafe says, stepping close and kneeling down as his uncle does, already getting a hand beneath Jackson's limp form. "He's right-how...how can we leave her?"
Roger stills for a moment, sighing
and looking down. "Part of being a good soldier, Rafe, is knowing when to retreat Their forces took severe damage but they won this battle when they took her. And - I mean, can you go into that other world? Where she vanished to?"
Slowly, Rafe shakes his head, grief filling his heart. His wolf howls, devastated at his complete ineptness. God, what kind of commander or prince is he - what kind of brother - if he can't even protect his little
sister?
###Chapter 0778
"Come on," Roger snaps, holding his nephew's gaze. "You think you're the only one who lost someone today? For fuck's sake, Rafe, I love you - but pull it together. We have work to do, and Ariel's never going to forgive you if you leave her mate unconscious on a battlefield when he needs Ella."
Something in Roger's tough love makes Rafe clench his jaw. He nods once, hefting hard at Jackson's body, getting him up far enough that Roger can slip his shoulder beneath Jackson's armpit and then stand.
"God," Roger growls as Rafe slips under Jackson's other shoulder. "What are you feeding this one?" as the battle continues behind them.
But Rafe can't laugh, as they drag Jackson back towards the transport, glancing back at the battle that continues behind them. Because Roger's attempt at humor, even in the worst of situations, it reminds Rafe too much of Jesse. And Rafe - he just can't go to that space in his mind right now. Not if he wants to avoid going to pieces.
So Rafe just puts his head down, and stares at the ground, and hauls his sister's mate away to safety. Leaving his sister, wherever she is now, behind.
I'm screaming as my feet hit the ground in that strange other world, as I rip my elbow back in the way that Blaze taught me, catching my mate - my fucking mate - hard in the ribs.
But he just laughs and lets me push him away. I stumble forward, hardly able to catch myself as I look frantically around at this horrible, dark world. My eyes flash up to the three moons above me for just an instant before I whirl, my canines extended, to snarl at my captor.
Immediately, I try to throw myself back to my home world, to leave this horrible place. I beg, in my soul, for the world to turn again, to send me back as it did before.
But nothing happens. My wolf howls, frantic, spinning, looking for an escape. But nothing.
"Take me back," I growl, spinning back towards my mate, my lips peeled back. "Now."
"You really are very pretty when you're fierce," he says, smiling at me like he's perversely proud of the way I'm responding.
My snarl only grows as I drop my hands to my side in fists, calling on my magic, intent on setting him on fire immediately - make him just burst into flames -
But nothing happens.
A smirk grows on his mouth and I drop my eyes down to my hands, suddenly realizing that my body is
cool again - any threat of burnout gone because - because my magic isn't working at all.
My eyes go wide when I see the two cuffs of light around my wrists, lightly encircling them like bracelets. "What the hell is this," I growl.
"Oh, just a little present," my mate
replies. I raise my eyes to see him sauntering forward. "A pretty girl like you should have the finest jewelry And you didn't expect me to let you burn me to bits the moment I had you alone, did you?" He reaches out a band, possessive, clasping my chin between his fingers. 
I snarl and rip my chin from his fingertips but quick as a snake - he his hand snaps out, his palm slapping me right across the cheek. I go completely still as I whip my face back to stare at him, my jaw falling open in surprise. 
I mean, it didn't even really hurt - barely stung - but I have never, ever been slapped in my entire life. And
I find that I do not, at all, enjoy the experience.
"Learn your place, mate," he says, perfectly calm, again taking my chin between his fingers and looking cooly down into my eyes. "A Luna obeys her Alpha."
"I am not your Luna." I work again to rip my chin from his hand, but he snarls, stepping close and wrapping his other hand around my neck, holding my head still.
"You are my Luna, and I will teach you your place," he growls, shaking me, again taking me by surprise. I just stare at him, completely shocked.
The smile returns to his lips as I fail
to make any further move. "Yes," he murmurs, moving his hand up and pulling my cap from my head, tossing it aside like it can't possibly matte and I'll never need it again. "Yes, once we get you dressed up and behaving properly as a woman, you'll make a very lovely Princess of Atalaxia. Won't you, Luna?" 
Prin...Princess? Of Atalaxia?
Who on earth is this man?
###Chapter 0779
I just stare at my mate, my mouth hanging open and my eyes going wide as I suddenly realize why his features were so familiar.
because...
Suddenly, his familiar face makes sense. My mind flashes to the meeting at Midwinter, when the Atalaxians declared war - to Ben's mate, and the flare of connection between us -
Because - I mean, this isn't him- but his face...
They're nearly identical. Which means...this man...a Prince of Atalaxia...
"Yes," he murmurs, smirking as he sees my recognition before turning away from me now and keeping a
hand tight on the back of my neck like a wayward pup. "You'll be quite the prize, Princess."
He shoves, then, hard and I go stumbling forward towards -
Towards a little electric cart or something that's right in front of me. I blink at it, wondering how of all absurd things... that got here. And what-
But then I gasp, realizing that he's taking me away. That I'm being taken somewhere else. And that if I want to go home
I groan, closing my eyes, again calling on that dark power, demanding to return to the battlefield, to my true mate and my brother and my uncle
But nothing happens. Of course it doesn't. The cuffs on my wrist hum with power.
The man laughs, grabbing my arm and hauling me towards the vehicle.
"Don't be an idiot, Ariel," he murmurs, shoving me hard towards the seat. I stumble forward, my hands hitting the side of the cart hard, my knees barking as they hit the lower edge. "Stop trying that. It doesn't work."
My mate moves behind me, grabbing me below the arms and lifting me, shoving hard to get me into the cart.
"No!" I shout, spinning, glaring up at him. "I'm not going anywhere with you! I'm -"
But suddenly, fast, a vial is in his hands. He pops it open, leaning towards me, aiming for my mouth, a frustrated sneer on his lips.
I scream and shove him away -
"Drink, Luna," he snarls, leaning close, using his body to pin me to the bottom of the vehicle and tilting the vial against my lips. "God damn it, drink, or I'll beat you, and make you drink!"
To illustrate his point he cuffs me, hard, across the head. I gasp in pain, which flares across my skull, and as I do he takes advantage, tilting the potion into my mouth.
I cough against it, trying to spit it out.
But it's heady, strong stuff.
My vision immediately begins to fade as I look up into my mate's beautiful face.
Because as much as I hate him, and still wish to make him burst into flames and reduce him to ash... God, heavens, but he's beautiful.
"That's my girl," my mate murmurs, patting me hard against the cheek as my body goes limp.
As my consciousness fades, the last thing I remember is being lifted into the vehicle and slumped over the seat.
And then I'm gone, completely lost to this world too. This new world, wherever that may be.
"Midnight!" Jesse calls out to the girl trotting eagerly before him. Jesse, in turn, is exhausted, trudging up yet another tall hill.
She doesn't respond.
He groans, loud and frustrated, before he stops and putting his hands on his hips. "Mids!"
Midnight turns, frowning at him. "What?"
"You said that your house was 'just
over the that hill' like, eight hours ago," he says, shaking his head at her, exhausted and thirsty and hungry "Do you like....have a different conception of what 'just' means? Or 'that? Or 'hill'?" 
Midnight grins at him. "Oh Jesse, you're so funny," she sighs, turning back around and continuing to hike. "Seriously, it's just over this hill."
"Oh my god," Jesse mumbles, scraping his hand down his face. "Does that mean...eight more hours? Over a mountain? Beneath a mountain?"
"No!" Midnight laughs, turning to beam at him, ridiculously energetic after such a long trek. "Seriously, Jesse, just one more hill I promise."
"You promised that four hours ago,"
he mutters, sighing and beginning to walk after her again, shaking his head and knowing that he has no other choice. Again, what else would he do? Just...sit down here and rot?
He considers it for a quiet second, wondering if a peaceful death staring into the darkness of this world might be better...
But no. Midnight would never leave him alone. She'd probably...drag him or something. Bother him back to life.
Jesse sighs, indulging in some good
old fashioned self pity, his mind wandering to Daphne, the beautiful girl he left all alone and bleeding. Will her face scar, after Midnight swiped her claws across it? But no - Rafe won't let that happen. Surely, he'll get her to Ella, who will patch her up and to his mom, who will make her comfortable... 
Jesse's wolf howls to think again over what she must have done in the moments after he was taken from
her room. How scared she must have been, must still be. Do they even know where he is? How could they -
His head snaps to the left, hearing the soft sputter of an engine of some kind.
Jesse pauses in his steps, frowning, peering. And then he turns, quickening his pace, heading after it.
###Chapter 0780
"Jesse!"
He ignores Midnight's frustrated call, his eyes focused on the top of another rounded hill that promises a better view. Jesse breaks into a tired jog, determined to follow the sound - the first new thing he's heard in this world in hours.
Midnight calls after him again but he doesn't pay attention, instead cresting the hill and frowning as he peers far, far into the distance.
But in the darkness beneath the moons...shit, but he can't see far.
Midnight crests the hill at his side, panting a little, and he glances down to see her glaring up at him. "What, so you've got energy now? For this hill? You've been dragging all day! Honestly, Jesse, you're not very impressive -"
"What was that noise?" Jesse asks, again peering out into the darkness. Is that...are those tire tracks? There in the dirt and the dust?
"It was nothing," Midnight says, petulant.
Jesse turns to her, frowning down at the girl who has her arms crossed over her chest, determinedly not looking at him.
"You know I have five siblings, right?" he asks.
She turns her head to look up at him again, still frowning.
"And four cousins?"
Her face turns to confusion now. "What does that have to do with anything?"
"It means that I know when you're lying," he says, smiling a little, leaning down close to grin into her face. "You don't!"
"I do!"
"That's impossible!" She lashes out a hand and hits him on the arm. "Only I know when I'm lying! They're my lies!"
Something about this logic makes Jesse burst into a grin. "No," he sighs. "I have magic. I can tell. Now seriously what the hell was that noise?" He stands straight and gestures out to the tracks.
"I'm not telling you," she snaps, her lips all tight in anger.
"See? Told you I knew you were lying."
Midnight gasps a little, her eyes going wide when she realizes what she admitted. Jesse laughs - he can't help it. This poor girl has spent way too much time alone, and he has spent way too much time messing with his cousins and his siblings.
"Mids," Jesse sighs, crossing his own arms and shaking his head at her. "Come on, just tell me." "No!"
"I'm your mate, you have to."
She gasps a little with delight, looking up at him. "Does that mean you know it's true? That you accept our bond?"
"Midnight," Jesse sighs, turning his
head a little and looking down at her. "Come on. It's...complicated, all
right? But yeah, of course I know you're my mate, my wolf knows it. Of course he does. I'm not denying that anymore." 
The smile that leaps onto her face - it's so sunny and lovely that his heart breaks for her again and he has to look away.
"What are the tracks, Midnight? What was that noise?"
"I don't know," she groans, frustrated
l.ne
and not wanting to answer. She grabs at his sleeve and tries hard to tug him away from the sight of the tracks, from the questions he's. asking Jesse pulls his arm away from her, not wanting the touch stiff not sure about the corruption that has seized her wolf and how it spreads. "Can you just come with me? My house -" 
"Just across that last hill, right," he says, dry. But then he takes a page from Seraphina's book and sits down hard on his butt, leaning back on his hands.
"What are you doing?" Midnight asks, spinning to look at him, her frown returned.
"I'm not going to your house until you tell me what those tracks are from," Jesse says, the corners of his lips turning up.
"Jesse!" The name bursts from her lips as she turns red with frustration. "Just go!"
"No way!"
Midnight growls and grabs for him, but Jesse just hooks his foot behind her ankle and pulls, knocking her off balance and sending her to the ground too. She snarls, pushing back her riot of curls and glaring at him from beneath it.
Jesse can't help smiling - the girl is weird but...very earnest. And funny.
"I'm not leaving here," he says, slowly shaking his head, "until you tell me what that noise was and what left those tracks."
"But you'll die if you stay out here all alone!"
"Then I'll be dead!" he shoots back. "And it will be your fault and your weird Papa will be all pissed off!" Midnight gasps, horrified at the idea, and then stares at him. "Don't call Papa weird," she says, shaking her head vehemently and setting her curls bouncing. "He will smite you."
Jesse looks right back at her, not giving an inch, thinking that it is...a little too easy to manipulate this poor girl But he's also secretly glad for that, because she did kidnap him from his girlfriend's bed and he needs some leverage in this world where she and the God of Darkness clearly have all the power.
"Fine," Midnight snarls, leaning forward, picking up on the game. "But if I tell you, you'll come?"
"Yes," Jesse says, nodding once. "I promise."
Midnight sighs and leans forward, glancing anxiously towards the tracks, and begins.
###Chapter 0781
"I mean," Midnight says, rolling her eyes, "I don't really know exactly who it was - they never fill me in on anything good. But it was probably those stupid Atalaxians. They're always messing around here, driving their stupid carts around, building things."
"What Atalaxians?" Jesse asks, leaning forward, fascinated. They can come here? They're...building things?
"I don't know," she grumbles, peevish, meeting his eyes with her own dark brown ones. "Not all of them can come through - just the King and his son and the other one - the tall one with the pretty eyes. And then only sometimes. Not like me." She sits up straight, quite proud. "I can go back and forth anytime I want because I am Papa's favorite."
Jesse presses his lips into a thin line, kind of doubting that. "Do they come a lot? And bring stuff?"
"No," Midnight answers with a shrug. "Anyone else who comes here and any supplies those three have to bring through. But they're fancy and busy so..." she shrugs. "They don't come a lot. Not now that they're finished.
"Finished what."
She goes silent, staring at him, realizing that she's said too much.
"Midnight," Jesse says, watching her carefully. "Have you been...spying on the Atalaxians?"
She gasps, her eyes going wide. "No!"
Jesse's face bursts into a grin. "Another lie," he says, closing one eye and pointing a finger right at her face.
She gasps again, a bit in wonder at how he knew, but then she looks around frantically, her full lips turning down into a desperate frown. "Please," she begs, looking all over like someone could be listening, like they could be anywhere. "Please don't tell, Jesse - please - he'd be furious if he knew I spied - I was just curious - and I'm so bored all the time - there's nothing to do -"
She gets to her knees, leaning towards Jesse, her breath coming in quick pants as she shakes her head, desperate for him not to tell.
"Midnight!" Jesse says, his eyes going wide as he catches her shoulders, giving her a small steadying shake. She whips her eyes up to him and he holds her gaze, quite serious. "I'm not going to tell anyone, all right?"
She stares at him, horrified, like she can't believe she told him in the first place. Like she can't trust him. "I'm on your side, okay?" Jesse whispers, surprised to find that he means it - really means it, from the bottom of his heart. "I'm not on Darkness's side, all right? Or the Atalaxians, which means...you and me are still at odds on some things. But I am on your side, okay?"
Midnight closes her trembling mouth, her breath coming a little easier now. "Okay." The word is squeaky, scared.
"I'm not going to tell anyone you told me," Jesse says, quiet, assured.
"Okay," she whispers again, nodding.
Midnight sits back and Jesse drops
his hands from her shoulders. Anxiety rushes through him as he quickly does a check on himself, reaching for his wolf. But his wolf presses himself warm against Jesse's mental palms, assuring him that he's fine that the corruption didn't come through just because he touched the girl. Jesse exhales a shaky breath. 
"What else do you know about the Atalaxians?" he asks, his equanimity slowly coming back.
Midnight scowls at him and he smiles. "I'm not telling you. I'm sure I'm not supposed to. You're on stupid Moon Valley's side, and they are bad."
"Moon Valley is great," Jesse says, dismissive and moving on immediately. "But no, you have to tell me." "What?" Her eyebrows go up.
"We're mates," he says, cool and easy. "You have to tell me everything. Those are the rules."
Her eyes flare as she stares at him, clearly buying into it, and Jesse's wolf sighs, glaring at him for lying to this girl, manipulating her with logic that would work on a five-year-old. Hey, Jesse says internally, giving his wolf a little shove. We're at war, and this girl has information. 
His wolf just grumbles his discontent as Midnight again crosses her arms over her chest.
"Fine," she says, raising her chin. "But then you have to tell me stuff too."
"I'll tell you whatever you want," Jesse says, giving a shrug, knowing he means it quite earnestly except in terms of state secrets or something. But he doesn't have many of those anyway.
"Fine," she sighs, standing up. "But let's go to my house and talk there. Where there are snacks."
Jesse perks up at the news of food, his stomach growling. But even as he stands, he watches her warily. "Seriously, Mids, where is this house? Is it honestly very far?"
"No!" she says, huffing a frustrated little laugh. "It's really just there! See? You can see the top of it." She casts out a hand and Jesse leans forward, peering in the darkness.
And to his surprise, there actually is something there - just a little bit of canvas peaking out over a hill. Jesse stills and then turns to Midnight with a groan. "Midnight... is your house...is it just a tent?" 
###Chapter 0782
"Yeah!" she says, excited, almost skipping forward. "Isn't it great?" She clasps her hands excitedly under her chin.
Jesse groans, his head falling back on his neck. But he slips his hands into his pockets and follows his strange, tiny mate to her bizarre little home.
Its difficult to wake up, to pull myself from the fog of sleep. I groan, rolling over in my blankets, burying my head in the pillow and fighting against the headache that pounds in the back of my head. I stretch my hand out, looking for Jacks, wondering why on earth he's not beneath me like he always is but -
I lift my head when my hand just stretches out across cool sheets, finding no one there.
And then I gasp, sitting up straight, spinning and staring around the strange and luxurious room. Because I have...absolutely no idea where I am.
I begin to pant as my memories come back to me all in a rush. The battlefield - and sending flames
everywhere - and being thrown aside, Jackson running for me, and that man grabbing me, pulling me into another world-
I groan again, putting my hands over my face and sinking back into the pillows, because it's not just some man it's my mate.
A mate - another mate. And god, a fucking Atalaxian royal at that.
What on earth was my grandmother thinking?
"Hello?"
I go quite still at the sound of the soft voice, keeping my hands over my face, too shocked to move. "Ariel?" Footsteps come into the room and I sit bolt upright as my instincts send me on the defense, my canines elongating, ready to fight.
A very small woman with shiny chestnut hair jumps when she sees me, flinching back, her eyes going wide as she lifts her hands close to her face. "I'm sorry!" she gasps, stumbling back over her feet. "I'm so sorry! I - I didn't mean to scare you!"
My hand immediately flashes to my mouth, covering my fangs, because this woman - she's tiny, and demure, and beautifully dressed, and very, very pregnant. Clearly, she is not my kidnapper, and very likely not someone who means me any harm.
"I'm sorry," I say too, forcing my fangs back. "Um - you startled me."
"Oh, you poor dear," the girl says, rushing forward towards me, her eyes wide. "You must have had such a shock." She reaches for me, warm and motherly even though she's so young - god, is she more than sixteen? Her hands are soft and warm as they smooth over my hair and press my cheeks.
I just stare at her because...
Honestly, she is being very, very sweet. And after last night, this is not at all what I expected.
"This isn't what you expected, my dear, is it?" She tilts her head as she stares at me, clicking her tongue in concern.
I go even more rigid when the woman repeats my words. Is she...a mind reader? Or just very, very emphathetic?
"Listen," she says, sitting on the edge of the bed and letting her hands drop to my shoulders, giving me a steadying squeeze. "It's just you and me for now - those are the rules. The boys can't come into the room until we say that they can, alright? I know it's different in Moon Valley where men just invade your space whenever they wish -" 
I frown at her because...what? But she moves blissfully on.
"But here," she gives me a happy grin that crinkles her pretty brown eyes. "We have rules to protect our women! And you're quite safe. All right?"
"All...all right," I say, my words breathy. Because even if I don't understand it, honestly it does give me peace to think that my mate won't be bursting through the door at any moment.
"And how are you doing, darling?" The girl asks taking her hands from my shoulders and folding them neatly in her lap, still looking at me with concern. "Are you hungry? The bathroom's just there if you want to get cleaned up," she points over to the right. "Or! I can just sit with you? And we can talk, until you feel calm?" 
I just...stare at her, wondering at how fast my life has changed and how easily I've fallen into this woman's world. I look around the room again in a bit of wonder, noting the
incredibly lush furnishings - far net
—
fancier and more expensive than even anything in our personal chambers in the palace. Then I look down at myself, noting that I'm in a very elaborate white nightgown. My eyes go wide at this and I wonder who... who on earth changed me. 
Terror races through me at the idea.
###Chapter 0783
"That was me, darling," the girl says, seeing me look down at my white nightgown and again seeming to read my mind. She reaches out a hand to softly pat mine. "Don't worry, dear - like I said, we have rules here. As soon as Gabriel brought you to the palace I took you in hand." She grins at me like it was a great pleasure to her to keep me safe. "I got you changed and cleaned up and put to bed. Don't worry, love." I exhale slowly, absurdly believing her even though I should be much, much more wary now. But something about those sweet brown eyes - god, it's impossible to think that she might be lying. My wolf yips confirmation in my soul, still wary of everything else but believing her.
"And who are you?" I whisper, shaking my head, still not believing it. That I'm here, that I was stolen away from my life.
"I'm Pippa," she says, giving me a happy smile.
"All right," I whisper.
Then I jump nearly a mile in the air as soon as a soft knock comes at the door.
"Oh, don't worry, Ariel," Pippa says, turning towards it. "That's just my Alpha, bringing you some food. Do you..." she looks at me, hesitant. "Do you...mind? If he comes in?"
"Um," I say, hesitating, looking towards the door - completely unsure about what I want.
"Oh, don't worry," Pippa whispers, leaning close like a conspirator. "He's really nice - the sweetest man
you'll ever meet. Not..." she hesitates, looking around like someone might be listening and not like her words. When she looks back at me and speaks again, she lowers her voice. "He's not nearly as... challenging. As Gabriel."
Gabriel. Is that his name? My mate?
I just stare at Pippa and the knock comes softly again. She grimaces and looks towards it.
"All right," I whisper, nodding to her. "Um, sure. I guess he can come in?"
"You're a peach," she says, standing and dropping a kiss to my cheek. I turn towards the door with absolutely no idea what to expect as she dashes towards it. When she gets there, though, she hesitates and nods towards the bathroom. "Would you like to...go put on a dressing gown, Princess? To...be more comfortable around a man?"
The lovely, encouraging smile she gives me lets me know that...I should probably go do that.
"Uh, sure," I say, hesitating but then pulling myself out of bed. I wince a little at the bruises and stiffness that radiates through my body but then move towards the bathroom that she indicates. I give Pippa a small smile as I pull the door shut behind me. As soon as I'm through press my ear to the wood and hear the outside door creak open and then soft voices as Pippa greets her Alpha, welcoming him to the room. 
I exhale slowly and quickly move about the bathroom, first taking the opportunity to relieve myself and then moving to the mirror to wash my hands. I peer closely at my reflection, noting that I look pale but... fine. And that the slap my damned mate gave me yesterday didn't leave any mark behind, probably as he intended.
Then, squeezing some toothpaste
onto a toothbrush I find by the side of the sink, I begin to brush my teeth as I turn and look around the
bathroom which is...honestly
probably the fanciest one I've net
been in in my life. And, considering that I'm a princess who is not a
newcomer to luxury, that is saying something. Gold leaf and ornament covers nearly every available surface and every corner is stuffed either
with some comfortable chair or
shelving with bath products.
I mean, it's all very nice but it is...a lot.
Suddenly, I wish with all of my heart for the stupid Academy bathroom that I share with three Alpha boys. I groan, slumping back against the marble counter, my eyes pressing shut and my toothbrush stilling as I hang my head, wishing for Jacks, and for Rafe, and for Jesse.
God, they must all be so worried about me.
What...what on earth am I going to do? If only I could get out of here.
My eyes flash open and I spin towards the sink, spitting out my toothpaste as I look down at my wrists. Because those manacles - the ones made of blue light - they're certainly gone. I press my eyes shut, willing myself to that other world.
And then I gasp as it...as it works.
My eyes fly wide as my feet hit the dirt, my toothbrush still grasped in my hand. But then I spin, horrified, as I realize that...
That I'm in some kind of insane
cage. I turn in a full circle, looking around baffled at the iron that surrounds me. I move hesitantly towards it, reaching out first with the tip of my finger and giving it a prod. It's cold but... very real. Then Pgrasp it in my hand, still looking around in every direction, and pull as hard as I can. 
But the iron stays firm. I peer out between the patchwork bars, realizing that this isn't even the only cage - that there are dozens of them, cages within cages. For...miles.
What...what on earth?
Freaked out, I head back to the spot where I originally landed and beg to be sent back, wanting the calm familiarity of a bathroom while I put the pieces of that all together.
###Chapter 0784
Why the hell...
A little knock comes at the door.
"Ariel, sweetheart?" It's Pippa. "Are you okay?"
"Yes!" I call, my voice tight. "Um, just a minute."
Panting, I turn back to the mirror and spit out the toothpaste, scowling when I realize that I'm still a prisoner, even if my magic somehow bizarrely works here. But, is that the only magic that works?
I take a deep breath, shifting my eyes to a towel rack against the wall and calling upon my gift of heat, willing them to burst into flames. I also pull on my mark, my connection to Luca, hoping desperately for any stir of wind, but...
I huff in disappointment, my shoulders drooping, because even if I can shift into the Dark world and the bizarre cages there, I can't pull on my fire magic.
What the hell is going on here?
Slowly, I turn back to my mirror, my mind racing as I try to decide what to do. My wolf paces in my soul, anxious and worried, plans flitting through her own mind - all of them aiming in one direction: to get us home, to get back to Jackson.
I look down at my chest, relieved at this, because honestly half of me was worried that she'd want me to pursue things with this new mate. After all, when I first came in contact with Jackson and Luca - even walked into the same room as them - she'd gone absolutely mad, encouraging me to find them, to get naked, to crawl into their beds.
No, my wolf says, shaking out her fur and baring her teeth. This one - he is our mate. But he is wrong - his wolf is off. Wrong, like that Prince we saw at Midwinter, at the meeting. The one standing next to Ben's mate. He was wrong - incorrect - unnatural -
I exhale slowly, nodding, knowing that she's right. That Gabriel - we knew, instantly, that he was right when he claimed to be our mate. It is...undeniable, as true as it was when I saw Jacks and Luca at that spring the first night and knew that they were mine.
But my wolf is also right that the Prince is...wrong. Something is strange about him, and we have to find out what.
I lift my head, dread coiling within my belly, and look closely at myself in the mirror. At my pale face, my worried eyes. "What the hell am I going to do?"
My wolf howls, anxious and completely without answer.
My lips draw to a thin line as I consider my options. Obviously, my best and most powerful tool - the magic is not available to me. So? What else do I have?
I can't...I can't fight my way out. Not against Atalaxia, not with all these Alphas running around. My mate- Gabriel made that perfectly clear
ret
last night. That I'm just not a physical match for them. Quietly curse that my parents didn't get me fighting lessons as a girl and that I didn't have enough time with Blaze atthe academy. Even as my mind turns to more important things, some part of me makes a mental note to get all of my little girl cousins immediately enrolled in some form of fighting art the moment I get out of this, the moment I get home. 
Because one thing is for sure. I am not giving up.
I am going home - home to my mate, and my family, as soon as I can.
But...how do I do that?
I twist my mouth to my side, again going through my arsenal of tools. Obviously, if had a rifle things would be different but...yes, an unlikely plan. Or, access to any poisons? I look around the bathroom but, come on, they're not going to stock anything beyond the mildly toxic in here. I mean, Newman taught me enough that I can mix something up if I can find the right supplies and I'll keep my eyes peeled for those but still... 
-
It's not much of a direct path to getting out of here, is it?
I focus again on my reflection in the mirror, one single resource left to me
What, I ask myself quietly, would Faiza tell me to do?
The answer comes immediately to me, as if she lives in my mind.
Survive.
She would telkme to survive. To do whatever it takes to persist in this world, to keep myself intact, to look for every opportunity to escape and to make a plan to get myself out. To survive as long as necessary in order to find that escape path. 
To...to make my enemies trust me enough to drop their guard. To convince them that I'm not a threat. Even if in my heart I want to rip every single one of their hearts from their bodies and set them all ablaze. Well. Maybe not Pippa's. But my horrible mate's - his for sure.
Slowly I inhale, knowing precisely what Faiza would tell me to do.
Play dead, Cream Puff, she'd say, giving me that patented wink, her feet propped up on her desk. Let
think you're as stupid and vapid as they want you to be. And then when the time comes?
"I'll cut their fucking throats." I toss the toothbrush into the sink and turn towards the door, not bothering to clean up.
###Chapter 0785
Steady and bold, I walk back to the bathroom door, slipping an elaborate blue brocade robe off of a hook and slipping it over my arms. As I tie the belt around my waist, I let myself slip into that Cream Puff Princess attitude that Faiza and I spent hours practicing.
Dumb as a rock, I say to myself, emptying my mind of anger and violence and pain. Pretty as a picture. No thoughts, just a desire to please.
I paste my best Princess smile on my mouth, but then alter it slightly, reminding myself that I'm not supposed to be deranged. That I'm also scared, and new to this world, even if I'm going to pretend to be happy to be here.
"You saved me," I whisper to myself, practicing my lines as they come to me. "Thank god, you saved me and took me away from that horrible world."
And then exhaling deeply, I push open the bathroom door and step into the room.
Of course, all of my plans to play Princess Cupcake are immediately wiped from my mind the moment I step into the room and see the couple standing before me.
"Ariel!" Pippa says, turning to me and clasping her hands sweetly under her chin, giving me a bright smile. "Oh, that color looks lovely on you - I thought it might. Do you - would you like some coffee?" She asks, eager, gesturing towards the little table they've set up with a nice spread of breakfast supplies.
But her smile begins to waver when I don't say anything, just staring slack-mouthed at the man she said was her Alpha.
Because I recognize him.
Of course I do - I'd recognize him anywhere, both by his face and by the way my wolf perks up, sniffing the air between us, even as that same shudder passes through me as it did that day, so close to Midwinter, when he'd stood in my palace across the room from me. Next to that horrible one with the
crown.
But this one - I know instantly that it's him. Elias. The cute one.
It's...it's Ben's mate.
And...he really, really is cute.
But I turn my head as I stare at him because...am I mistaken? And why did I never notice it before? That this man - Ben's mate - the cute one...does he...does he suddenly look a great deal like Tony? I mean, Elias's eyes are a bright and shining blue - Tony's were grey - but that lanky frame and that dark hair... Elias shakes me out of my reverie when he gives me warm smile and steps close to Pippa, slipping an arm around her waist.
"Hello, Ariel," he says, his eyes crinkling a little at the corners with what looks like real pleasure to see me, the same way Tony's did. "I'm so sorry you're here on such terrible terms but...it really is wonderful to meet you."
My mouth continues to hang open as I just stare at this man, at my friend's mate. And then I shift my gaze to Pippa, who looks at me anxiously now.
And then down to her very pregnant belly.
And then back to her Alpha who...I mean, who obviously did the job.
Right?
Slowly, the smile fades from Elias's face as he realizes that I know everything. Absolutely everything. That whatever ruse he's got going on with Pippa here? I know that it's fake.
That I've spoken to Ben and know precisely who he is.
Elias's face goes pale as my wolf nips me inside and I realize that in my first trial as a spy, I've made a terrible mistake and shown my cards.
As quick as I can, I wipe my face of any surprise and replace my shock with my best Princess smile, stepping forward with my hand out. "I'm so sorry, I'm being so rude, say, laughing at myself a little and shaking my head like I can't believe I was such an idiot. "I'm Ariel – it's very nice to meet you!" 
-
Elias looks down at my hand, his own smile returning to his face, but he makes no move to take it.
"Oh," Pippa says, reaching out and taking my hand in her own, giving it a little squeeze that makes me turn to her in surprise. Softly, she shakes her head at me. "In Atalaxia, dear, women don't shake hands with men
it's just not done. But of course you don't know that! I know things are different in Moon Valley. I hope you don't mind." 
"Oh!" I say, turning to Elias in surprise and forcing a blush to my cheeks, even as I smile. "Oh, I'm so sorry, I hope you're not insulted -"
"Far from it, Princess," he murmurs,
giving me a little bow and then gesturing again to the little breakfast table. "Would you eat with us? You must be starving. Again, we're so sorry for such an abrupt introduction to our nation. I promise, it will all be better from here." 
"Oh, that's all right," I say, taking my seat with a pretty little laugh. "A good breakfast wipes away almost all woes." To my surprise, my stomach grumbles as I look around the little table, which is packed with food that all looks absolutely delicious.
But, then again, I've always had a good appetite.
"Coffee?" Elias asks, reaching for a pot. "Or tea?"
"Coffee, please," I murmur, demure, allowing Pippa to fill my plate as it seems to please her to do so. She murmurs the names of all the little pastries and tarts, telling me a little about them as she goes, and quietly I wonder if she made them herself.
###Chapter 0786
"Princess," Elias says with a sad little sigh. "I'm sure there are a great many questions that you -" But a clatter interrupts Elias's words and he jumps a little as the little carafe of cream goes soaring to the ground.
"Oh, Ellie," Pippa says, giving him a half-hearted little glare along with a laugh. "You're impossible." She drops a kiss to his cheek even as she goes to her knees with a napkin, quickly wiping up the spilled
cream.
"Pip, please let me," Elias murmurs, starting out of his chair.
But she just waves a hand at him, murmuring that he should entertain their guest, and continues her work. "She's right," Elias says with a sigh, returning his eyes to me, his face serious. "I really am impossible. I'd be a complete disaster without Pippa to keep me in order."
I nod cheerfully even as I watch his face, kind of...baffled. Because these two - it actually is impossible, right? If he's mated to Ben then he's...he's gay, or at least queer or bisexual, yes? Which I know, here, is illegal at best and more accurately a death sentence. But his relationship with Pippa...it just seems so... real
"Pips, love, would you mind?" Elias says, turning to her as she stands up with the empty carafe and putting a hand on her shoulder. "Poor Ariel didn't even get a drop of cream before I destroyed everything. Would you go and get some more?"
Pippa starts to say a quick yes but then hesitates, looking at me. I intuit her thoughts - that she doesn't want to leave me alone with a man who is a stranger, either because of tradition or law or even merely because it would make me uncomfortable.
"It's okay, Pippa," I say, nodding to her and giving her a happy smile as I nod to her Alpha. "You've got one of the nice ones, haven't you? I don't mind at all."
Her face bursts into a wide and happy grin. "Well, I suppose it's okay," she says, folding the tiny carafe into her hands. "You'll be family within the week, after all. I won't be five minutes on this!"
She waves happily over her shoulder as she scurries for the door. Elias waves goodbye to her, even for a short trip, and then turns to me with a sigh.
"Pippa," he says, shaking his head, meeting my eyes as Pippa closes the door behind her. I watch carefully, observing that there is a great deal of sadness in his expression that wasn't there before. "She really is the best of us."
"Family?" I ask, my voice a little tremulous. "I'll be family?"
"Yes," he says on another sigh, looking down into his black cup of coffee before taking a sip. "You have the dubious honor of being mated to my horrible brother, Gabriel."
My eyebrows shoot up at this, as the pieces begin to click into place. Gabriel - Elias's brother. Which means he is the son of Prince Calvin, my mother's friend, and...
"Prince...Prince Gabriel of Atalaxia?" I whisper, suddenly shocked to my core as the family tree comes flying back to my memory. "Second in line to the throne?"
"First in line, if his ambitions have anything to do with it," Elias murmurs, lifting his blue eyes to meet mine again and giving a sorry shake of his head. "Which means that you, Ariel Sinclair, will be his Queen along with his prize. And his weapon, if he can find a way to
control you." 
I just stare at Elias, shocked. And then I set my shoulders and remember my role, murmuring something about always wanting to be a queen -
But Elias waves a hand, dismissing it all, looking at me quite solemnly. "It's all right, Ariel," he says, shaking his head. "You can drop the act. I know that you're more fire goddess than you are simpering princess. We can speak plainly here, at least he glances towards the door, "at least while Pippa is gone." 
My eyes flick to the door and then back to his face as I try to keep my expression as plain as possible, trying to decide whether or not to believe him. And even though my. wolf yips and urges me to, Faiza's teachings ring in my head. Trust no one. They, too, are trying to lull you into security. Hold your cards tight- always. 
"You're too kind, Elias," I say with a pretty smile, tilting my head to the side like he's given me a great compliment that can't possibly be true. "But honestly, anything you've heard about my magical abilities must be much exaggerated."
"Fair," he says with a shrug, his eyes returning to his cup of coffee. But then he clears his throat, dropping his voice low. "Please," he begs, not looking at me, his words hardly more than breath. "Is...is he okay? Is he all right?"
"Who?" I ask, lowering my voice as well as I lean forward.
Elias's eyes dart up to mine. "I don't know his name, Ariel. But I know you know who I mean. Please, just tell me..." he sighs, shaking his head, his hand tight on the handle of his cup. "Is he okay?"
###Chapter 0787
I allow a tiny smile to find my lips as my eyes move over Elias's tense face. He holds my gaze, determined and afraid, and I decide suddenly that he's...either an excellent actor or very, very earnest. "He's fine," I whisper, nodding quietly to this Atalaxian prince. Immediately, the tension goes out of his shoulders and he exhales a long breath. "He's fine, Elias. Totally fine."
He nods, sharp, and looks down at the table as color flushes in his cheeks. "Please. How do you know he's fine?"
"Because I saw him yesterday," I say quietly, still studying him. "His name is Ben. He's one of my best friends.
A shudder passes through Elias's shoulders and he raises a hand to his face, covering his eyes. As Elias takes a moment to compose himself I try to think like Faiza, try to understand the stakes here. Because on one hand, Elias could be a man who just shoved a pitcher of cream off the table so his Luna would leave the room, so he could ask me the burning questions he's had about his mate for...months. On the other hand, if the Atlaxians are clever - and they are clever, no matter how much I despise the men who control this nation - then couldn't they put this man here? With this very sad story, just to gain my trust? To play the role of the unhappily married man whose mate is in Moon Valley, just to tug on my heart strings, to see him as my ally? I tilt my head, considering this, considering Elias, wondering - really - what is his stake in this conversation?
Still, my wolf nudges me inside. Except, she urges, we know that Ben is his mate. He can't fake that. You know how you feel about your mates - the connection...it trumps all else.
But allegiance to a nation? Would it...would it trump that? Would my allegiance to Jackson be stronger than my dedication to Moon Valley?
My wolf whines, uneasy and unsure.
I sigh briefly through my nose, confused. But there's hardly any time to think on it as Elias again raises his head. "Thank you, Ariel," he says, quite soft, meeting my eyes. "I am eternally grateful to you for telling me that. It has been...a strain on my heart. You didn't have to tell me anything at all – especially considering the horrible way that Gabriel snatched you away from everyone you love - and yet you're kind enough to assure me that my mate is well. You're a kind person." 
I blink passively at Elias, determined to continue playing dumb and pretty, pretending most of that went over my head. But still, I need information, and Elias - he seems like he knows a great deal about what's going on here.
"Why...why did they take me away from my family?" I ask quietly, shaking my head at him. "I mean, I am grateful to meet my mate -"
Elias smirks, either seeing through the lie or quietly suggesting that I patently should not be.
"- but surely there were other ways to do it? Especially if...he is determined to make me his Luna?" Softly, I shake my head. "My father isn't going to respond lightly on a man who did not ask for his permission." Elias sighs and shakes his head. "You can ask more blandly than you are, Ariel," he says, looking seriously into my eyes. "This na?ve Princess act - it will be good for the rest of the court, but I promise - you don't need to do it with me. I'm well aware of who you are - and Gabriel is too. Your cousin's mate made sure of that."
"My cousin's mate?" I snap out, leaning forward, narrowing my eyes. "Do you - do you know something..."
Elias shakes his head, reading the panic in my words. "If something happened to Jesse, I don't know what it is. What I meant is...well, I don't know if you know this, but
mate is a creature of Darkness e
She's@very proficient shadow mage who has been using her skills to spy on, all of you for weeks. Whatever she knows, Gabriel knows too. Which is how we know that those flames in this battle and the last were yours, and no one else's." 
Inwardly I scowl, but outwardly I keep my face plain, giving nothing away.
Elias smirks at me. "You'll be glad to
know," he says quietly, taking another sip of his coffee, "that
you've really pissed off my uncle and my cousin - the King, and his heir. You completely wiped out our air force with that final blaze - so well done on that. They're scrambling, nów, to figure out how to continue the assault on Moon Valley without one." 
###Chapter 0788
I can't help but huff a little laugh and shake my head. "Why are you telling me this, Elias?" I wonder, passively, if it's a lie. But...why tell me lies? It's not like I'm going to be able to go home and report on them. Simply to further my trust in him? "Whose side are you on?"
"I," Elias says, quietly putting his coffee back down on the table, "am on whatever side gets me the hell out of this place, Ariel. Although I should more properly say 'us,' because I'm not leaving without Pippa or our child."
My eyes widen in surprise as Elias looks over at the door.
"Pippa is the only good thing in this entire damned place," he says, quite soft, almost as if watching for her. "She is purely good, in every sense of the term, but I can't stand to see - every day - how this world crushes down her spirit, obliges her to be smaller to serve the needs of the men in her life. Me included. And our child," he sighs, turning back to me and locking his eyes with mine. "Is a girl."
Instantly, I understand. Because I'm not a mother - and honestly, I've never given a lot of thought about whether or not I want to be. But the idea of raising a little girl in this horrible world? Where she can't even shake hands with a man and will be bought and sold through marriage?
No. Absolutely not.
But even as I understand everything Elias has said, I keep my face smooth and calm, blinking at him like a very simple deer who only understands every fourth word that he said.
Elias smirks at me. "I hope you'll learn to trust me at some point," he murmurs, tracing the edge of his coffee cup with the tip of his finger. "But I understand now why you don't. But I promise, you, Ariel - I'm on your side. I've done a great deal of work to ensure that Gabriel trusts me, but the moment I get a chance to run? I'm leaving. And...I hope you'll help me with that. For Pippa, if not for me. She's my best friend - has been since we were little children."
I stay very still, my heart aching for this poor man who I hope very much is telling the truth. I want more than anything to lean forward and take his hand, to promise him that I'll do everything I can to help. But even as my wolf howls, I just...don't have enough information yet. I don't know if I can trust him.
The door's handle clicks and Pippa saves me, slipping back into the room with another little jug of cream neatly balanced on her hand. "Back!" she says, smiling cheerfully at both of us and slipping the pitcher onto the table. "I hope I wasn't too long. Did you get on okay?"
"Yes," I say, smiling up at her, which is easy. "Elias was just telling me that you met as children."
"Oh," she says, glancing at me and blushing a little before straightening up and smoothing a hand over her baby bump. "Yes, and now we've got one of our own on the way. Such an exciting time." 
She smiles prettily at me and takes her seat next to Elias, leaning happily against him. And as I look between the two I wonder...well, I wonder actually how much of it is a fa?ade between them. Is the love between them quite real? Is it a friendship, a marriage of convenience? Or has Elias been lying to Pippa the whole time, ruthlessly using her as his beard in a world where he desperately needs one to survive? 
My wolf nips me internally, almost making me jump. Not Ben's mate, she says, her teeth flashing a bit. Someone mated to our Benny couldn't possibly be that cruel.
But as the door creeks open again and my eyes dart towards it, finding a very cruel man indeed standing there, leaning against the door frame, leering at me like he can't wait to tear me to shreds...
I wonder if that can be true.
Because here's a man that I'm mated to - unequivocally. And he is...absolutely horrible. Does this mean that...some part of me his horrible too?
Or is something else going on?
###Chapter 0789
"Get out of here, Elias," Gabriel snaps, keeping his eyes on me. "I need a moment alone with my Luna." I go stiff and so does Pippa, both of us staring at the cruel, blue-eyed prince leaning against the door. My eyes flash between him and Elias, noting their remarkable similarities, though Gabriel is...broader, a bit, and more muscled. And with none of the mobile kindness of a face used to smiling.
"Sorry," Elias says, light, ignoring his brother's command. "I'm not finished my breakfast." Casually, he reaches for a bread roll.
"Out," Gabriel snarls, taking three steps forward and kicking Elias's chair.
"Highness," Pippa says, her voice softer and more tentative than it was before. She hangs her head slightly, not meeting Gabriel's eyes. "It's not appropriate for you to be alone with the Princess -"
"Oh, shut up, Pippa," Gabriel snaps, vicious. "No one asked you." Pippa's face colors and her head dips more.
"Watch yourself," Elias snaps, spinning to his brother, a very real threat in his voice. "Don't you ever speak to her like that. Besides, she's right, as usual."
"Sanctimonious frauds, both of you," Gabriel says, rolling his eyes before turning them back to me and giving me a lurid little smile. "Besides, I'm just trying to play things on Moon Valley's terms. Where women are alone with men they're not married to all the time. To do...whatever they wish.'
His eyes snap with precise deliberation immediately to Luca's mark on my neck. I flush but fight, hard, the urge to cover the mark with my hand. I don't say a word, just staring up at my mate, wondering how the hell I'm supposed to manage this.
Because I believe Elias when he said that Gabriel knows things about me - from Jesse's mate turned spy, apparently. So, playing dumb isn't going to help me here, is it?
But perhaps playing afraid...
I immediately give into the impulse, my wolf huffing her agreement, and cringe away from Gabriel in my chair, looking up at him with wide and vulnerable eyes.
A slow smile grows on Gabriel's face and I wonder, again, just how this horrible man can be my mate. What the hell did my grandmother see in him?
"I won't ask you again, Elias," Gabriel says, not looking at his brother. "Take your little pet pigeon and get out of here.'
"Good thing you're done asking,"
Elias murmurs, beginning to pour a cup of coffee and adding cream and sugar, pushing it my way across the table. "Because I'm finished telling you that I'm not going anywhere. If you want to have breakfast with us, take a seat. If not, continue lurking in the doorway like some ridiculous vampire who hasn't been invited in yet." 
My eyes dart to Pippa when I see her shoulders twitch with a laugh, see her flick her eyes to Elias, who
gives her a calm wink. And to my surprise, Elias's quiet composure...works.
Gabriel scowls but he moves into the room and shuts the door behind him. And then he moves to take the little chair next to me, effectively joining our party.
Avoiding the very real impulse to
shift into my wolf and bite his stupid face, I turn slightly towards this new mate, still shrinking away from him a bit, playing up my fear. Because, after all, I need information above all else right now. And I have a better chance of getting it if he doesn't see me as a snarling threat. 
"What, Ariel?" Gabriel says, smirking at me as he lounges back in his chair, crossing his leg casually and resting his ankle on his knee. "Trying to burn me up with your pretty flames? Finding that a little difficult at the moment?" 
I force my eyes to go wider, as if the idea is terrible to me. Even though I'd do precisely that if I had access to my powers and any way out of the Atalaxian palace alive.
If, even, that's where I am.
"Where...where has my magic gone?" I ask, my voice tremulous. "I feel so...naked without it."
Pippa blushes at my phrasing but Elias just continues to eat, buttering his bread, staying steadily at the table and letting me work.
Gabriel's dirty little smile grows. "I took it away." He waves a hand around at us. "I'm in complete control here, Ariel. Control of you, of your magic. Of everyone's magic."
###Chapter 0790
"How do you do that?" I speak as if in great wonder, even though I'm a little surprised that he's spilling so much detail so easily. Is it just arrogance? Or a true desire to let me know precisely how captive I am, and him with all the power?
"It is my gift," he says, shrugging. "From Darkness himself." Gabriel flicks his wrist, a glowing blue light sparking there, trembling within his hand like lightning held there, or electricity. My eyes go wide at it because...well. That's very interesting, isn't it?
"Yes," Elias murmurs, dry, dusting crumbs off of his hands and onto his place. "Very convenient for the rest of us, to have any of our own magic negated because Gabe needs to have complete control. Explain to me again how your manic need to control everything in the entire court doesn't amount to a rather insane level of hysterical anxiety, big brother?"
"It has nothing to do with anxiety," Gabriel snaps. Inwardly, my wolf exaults a bit to see him discomposed by his brother. "My gift is a protectant, a forcefield over this entire court, keeping all other magics that could harm us out -"
"Except those gifted by Darkness," Elias drawls, lifting his eyes to his brother's with a smirk. "Convenient for you."
"Yes," Gabriel returns, his teeth clenched. "It is. So if you're finished being jealous and demonstrating your uncertain wit - the only dubious claim you have to talent at all – perhaps I could return to my discussion with my mate?"
Elias shrugs like that doesn't bother him at all and then leans towards Pippa, perfectly calm, murmuring a question in her ear about whether or not she'd like one of the sweet pastries. As he does, I watch Elias closely - because even if Gabriel has marked Elias as only dubiously clever, he really has given me a great deal of information here.
My magic - that given by the Goddess - it's not working because Gabriel is blocking it. And he's not blocking Darkness's gifts - or can't - which is the reason why I can still go to that other realm. But...why all the cages?
"You will attend to me, Ariel," Gabriel says, low and slow.
I snap my eyes up to him, realizing that I really was lost in my thoughts. I frown a little, not knowing precisely what he means.
"Your attention will be on me, at all times," he says, leaning forward towards me, holding my gaze. "Like a proper Atalaxian woman and Luna."
Even as my wolf rankles in me to be so ordered what nonsense, that a woman's attention should always be on a man I straighten my
man
shoulders and turn towards him,
willing fear back into my expression and my voice. "Yes, Alpha,"
a," say
quietly, ducking my head a bit. "As you will it." 
He considers me for a moment and then smirks. know that you are faking your obedience, Princess," he says, leaning forward and capturing my chin again, as he did before. It takes a great deal of effort to not clench my jaw, to keep my canines from elongating. Just... letting him do it. “But that is all right. It will all be real soon enough." 
Slowly, I shake my head. "Truly, I am grateful," I say quietly, attempting hard to be earnest. "I...I wish to be with my mate, of course."
"Yes," he drawls, studying my face. "But which one?" He drops my chin as if done with it, a bit disgusted, and then leans back hard in his chair.
Inwardly I scowl, because I didn't
know he knew about Luca and Jackson. Of course, with the mark on my neck clearly I've had interactions with men before, but wouldn't be the only girl in Moon Valley to have been marked by their lover before they met their mate. Still, clearly he knows - but how much? Does he simply know that they exist, or does he know the details of their stories, their identities? 
"How...how do you know about him?" I ask, seeking more information, my hand drifting up to cover the mark on my neck.
"Them," you mean," he drawls, smirking at me. "Luca Grant and Jackson McClintock? My intel is good, Ariel. My spy the best."
###Chapter 0791
My wolf growls and turns in my soul, worried, wishing I'd had more time to ask Elias about Jesse's mate, this apparent master spy.
"Luca Grant rejected me," I say, shrugging and looking down at my plate, willing myself to look sad and contrite about it. "And Jackson McClintock is nothing. A brute. A commoner. I don't know why the Goddess saw fit to assign me to him."
It pains me to even say the words and inwardly I shout that each one is untrue, that Jackson is the best thing in my life, the best man I've ever met, and I endeavor to deserve him every day.
Gabriel simply laughs softly and leans towards me, drawing my eyes back up to him. "Your relationships to your past mates are nothing to me, Ariel. Especially considering they'll both be dead in a month."
I pale at his words, my eyes flashing, even as I work hard to keep my expression plain.
But Gabriel just laughs and begins to push himself up from the chair. "Prepare yourself, Luna, he snaps out. "Tonight I present you to the court and then our mating ceremony will be in a week." He leans down towards me, wrapping a possessive hand around the side of my neck, his palm pressed flat to Luca's mark. "And then I'll mark you myself, and wipe any memory of those pathetic wolves from your mind." His hand on my neck tightens as Gabriel pulls me towards him, slamming his mouth on mine, crude and vulgar, a claiming more than a kiss.
Laughing, he breaks away. "And if you do anything to displease me," he seethes, glaring hard into my eyes. "I'll pick either Jesse or Juniper from the dungeons, and bring them to your room, and cut their throat before your eyes. In fact, I'll make you pick which one dies first."
Without another word Gabriel strides for the door, yanking it open and stepping out into the hall without even looking back. I watch him in horror, my mind racing even as my wolf howls at the idea. Juniper - Jesse - do they do they really have them both? In the dungeons? Where are those?
"I'm sorry, Ariel," Elias says a long moment after Gabriel has slammed the door shut. Horrified, I shift my eyes to him. He just shakes his head, sorrow in every line of his face.
"Um," Pippa says, a bit frantic, looking between us, for some way to make this better. "Maybe we should
"Could I..." I murmur, looking down into my lap, fighting my tears. "Just...have a moment alone? Please?" "Of course, darling," Pippa says, standing from her chair and coming close to press a soft kiss to my hair. "Of course. As much time as you like."
Jesse groans when he wakes up, every single muscle in his body seeming to ache with discomfort. He presses his eyes shut as he turns his face into the scratchy straw mat, a hand going to his lower back to massage the twinge there. God, god does he miss his big fluffy bed in the castle, with its dozens of pillows and mountains of nice soft blankets...
"I told you to sleep on the mat with me, where you belong," Midnight says, smug. "Then you wouldn't be so achy."
Jesse sighs and opens his eyes, turning towards where his strange little mate is crouched at the center of the yurt, stirring a pot over a small fire, the steam and smoke rising to disappear from a hole right at the center of the roof. 
"But I just met you, Mids," Jesse murmurs, laying flat on his back and smacking his hands dejectedly on his belly. "What would my mother say, if she heard I spent the night in your bed on the same day we met?" "She would be happy," Midnight replies, quite cheerful as she stirs. "Because then we would give her a grandpup, which would be the light of her life -"
Jesse laughs, he can't help it, and shakes his head. "Mom doesn't want grandkids right now, Midnight. My youngest sister is four. It would be too confusing for little Fifs, to have a niece who was so close to her age."
Midnight lifts her head and wrinkles her nose at him. "What kind of name is Fifs for a little girl?"
"Are you seriously asking me this?" Jesse asks, dry. "Midnight?"
She stares at him like he's speaking gibberish and then shrugs, moving on and turning her attention back to the pot. "Are you hungry, mate-boy?"
Jesse sighs and sits up, staring at the pot like he's worried about the consequences of his answer. "I am. What're you cooking?"
"Galushka!" she says, waving a hand over the pot like it's a magic cauldron.
"What the hell is that?" Jesse asks, dubious. Honestly, he's not sure he wants to know, because the answer isn't going to be anything good. When Midnight had brought him to the tent – the yurt, really – last night, he'd been horrified to see that this is her home. The entire thing is so worn, and bare, and patched - it's like she's utterly homeless here, and not even with the resources of someone who can seek some sort of assistance or beg for spare change. 
###Chapter 0792
But the way she'd ushered him inside and showed him her home...he'd hadn't had the heart to do anything but tell her how comfortable and lovely the place was. But it was a lie, blatant and boldfaced. The entire yurt contains one small sleeping mat, her "kitchen" - which is just a couple of baskets filled with the bare necessities of cooking supplies and several small, grey potatoes - and the saddest little collection of children's books that he's ever seen, alongside a single half-burned candle and a pack of matches.
"Galushka," Midnight says, spooning some out onto a tin plate and setting it aside at her "table" - a worn red rug spread across a plank of wood next to the fire - before patting the floor, a clear invitation to come sit. "Is my own recipe. It's shadow cabbage all cooked down until it's nice and burney. The burning gives it the flavor."
"What's shadow cabbage?" Jesse murmurs, crawling across the floor and taking his place at the table, feeling of all things like he's at one of his siblings' imaginary tea parties.
"I don't know," Midnight murmurs, giving him a little glare. "It's...that," she says, nodding her head towards his plate as she dishes out her own. "It's a vegetable. It grows here. That's what it's called."
Jesse nods and picks up his plate, grimacing inwardly at the sad grey vegetable on his plate and picking up his fork, digging in. His wolf snarls and scratches at his soul. You'd better pretend that's the most delicious cabbage you ever ate, his wolf orders. You'd better be nice to that poor girl. Jesse nods and sighs again, silently agreeing to it. Quite cheerful, Midnight settles down across from him and begins to dig into her breakfast.
"So, Mids," Jesse says, forcing himself to forget about the tasteless lump of vegetable in his mouth as he chews. "What's your favorite food?"
She goes still with her fork halfway to her mouth. "What are you talking about?"
He grins, looking at her, not understanding why this is a difficult question. "Of all the things you eat," he says, quietly trying to figure out how to be clear about this, "which one do you like the most? Or look forward to?"
She stays still for a moment, staring at him as she considers the question, before she shrugs. "It all pretty much tastes the same."
Inwardly Jesse groans because...well, because he's a Sinclair. He loves food and was basically raised on take-out and his aunt Ella's rather indulgent tendency to pack all the kids in the family full with whatever sweets they like. "It's all the same?"
"It's all...potatoes and cabbage. And like, shadow carrots," Midnight says with a shrug, continuing to eat with gusto. "So, there's no favorites. It's just all...that."
"So...you've never had meat?" Jesse asks, his stomach grumbling at the thought of a nice juicy steak. Or, god, all of the bacon they have at the Academy for breakfast - just mountains of it.
His wolf nips him. Eat your galushka.
Easy for you to say, Jesse grumbles to his wolf. Considering you're incorporeal at the moment.
But Jesse does as he's told, continuing to clear his plate.
"Of course I've had meat," Midnight says, rolling her eyes elaborately at him, like it's the stupidest thing to ask.
Jesse grins. "Okay, well, if everything is carrots and cabbage, how did you have meat?"
"I had it at the Fancy House," Midnight murmurs, eating her last forkful of cabbage and the scraping the plate with the fork, trying to get all the bits and juices.
"Fancy House," Jesse says, sitting up a bit. "What's that?"
Midnight goes still and doesn't look at him. "I don't know. I didn't say that."
Jesse smiles, shaking his head. "Yes, you did."
"No, I didn't. You imagined it. The wind came in and whispered lies in your ear."
Jesse frowns for a moment at that
strange idea but then moves on from Midnight's very poor job of lying. He leans forward a bit, ducking his head low, trying to look her in the eye. "You're not in trouble, Mids," he says softly, shaking his head. "I'm not...I'm not trying to pin yo down or anything. I'm just trying to learn
about your life." 
"You are?" she asks, lifting her head, her eyes wide as she stares up into her mate's face. "Why?"
"Because," he says, giving a little
shrug. "You're my mate. And you're interesting and I like you. I... want to learn how to be your friend. Friends talk about each other's lives. 
en FindNovel
Midnight stares at Jesse for a long second. And then her face slowly spreads in the loveliest, happiest
smile - sobright and excited that et
Jesse can't help but smile back. "Really?" Midnight whispers, eager. "You...you want to get to know me?” 
###Chapter 0793
"Of course I want to know get to know you, Midnight," Jesse says, smiling at the girl, meaning it even if his heart and mind are still consumed with thoughts of Daphne and incredibly confused about what on earth is happening between the three of them. "My grandmother picked us for each other, after all. It makes sense that I'm interested."
"Yes," Midnight says, putting her plate down and her slapping hands on her thighs, leaning forward towards him. "Yes, first we can get to know each other, and then we will have the pups, and then -"
Jesse laughs, shaking his head at her as he holds a hand out, palm flat. "Midnight, you've got to drop the whole pups things. It's not happening."
She squeaks in dismay, sitting up rigidly, staring at him. "Why not!?"
"Why do you want pups so bad?" he asks, utterly confused.
"Because we're supposed to," she says, huffy, a bite of a whine in her voice. "It's the whole point!"
"Who told you that?" Jesse asks, frowning at her.
"Darkness," she says, pouting at him. "As many pups as we can get, and all dedicated to him. They will be so good at the shadow magic because they will get it from both of us!"
"Well, that's a double no, then," Jesse says, frowning at his little mate. "I'm not dedicating any pups to Darkness."
"What is the point of this yurt!?" Midnight asks, casting her hands dramatically out to encompass the entire yurt. "If not to fill it with children!?"
"Really?" Jesse says, his face screwing up in confusion. "You see a yurt and your first instinct is...to put have infant in it? Or eighteen of them?"
Midnight narrows her eyes at Jesse before looking away to the door, anger and confusion all over her face. "I don't know why you won't love me," she says, shaking her head. "They told me you would. That you had to."
"Hey Midnight?" Jesse says, seeing that he's honestly worried her. She gives a little grunt of confirmation, inviting him to go on, even if she doesn't look at him. "Can we just...slow down?"
She turns back to him now.
"Look, we barely know each other," he says quietly. "And neither of us really know what's going on. Can we just...chill out? Put all the pup and the love talk on extreme hold? Just...spend some time getting to know one another on a much more basic level?"
A small smile comes to her lips and Jesse honestly thinks she's a little relieved. "Okay," Midnight says, nodding lightly. "Um, what do we do?"
"We hang out," he says, shrugging. "Talk. Go for...walks. Play cards."
"What are cards?" she asks, turning her head to the side.
"All right," he says, laughing a little. "We'll...make cards. And I'll teach you how to play. But in the
meantime maybe we just...ask each other questions."
Midnight considers this for a second and then shrugs like she can't think of anything else. "Okay. You go first."
"I already asked you what your favorite food was."
Her shoulders slump. "But I don't know any questions."
"All right," Jesse says, laughing a little and starting to gather their plates up, wondering where on earth she washes these. "I'll go again, then. What's the Fancy House?"
She shakes her head, vehement. "Nope," she says. "Not allowed. Ask something else."
"All right," he says, slow, trying to hide his smile. "Where do you go when you spy on the Atalaxians?" "Jesse!" she groans, slumping to the side. "That's not fair! You know I'm not supposed to tell you that stuff!"
He laughs and stands, holding out a hand to her. "All right, then, come on. Show me where to wash these plates and while we go there, tell me which of those books over there is your favorite."
Midnight perks up, taking his hand and getting to her feet, beginning to chatter eagerly about each of the books and what she likes about them as she leads Jesse out the door and to a surprisingly clear little stream not far away.
As Midnight chatters and Jesse
cleans the plates, he only half listens, his mind wandering to the big important questions of his life at the moment. How to get home. How to get to Daphne again, to see how she is, to try to figure out what the het is going on. How to find a way to explain to her that he has a mate, but that it doesn't change a single thing about how he feels towards her. 
But even as he thinks of Daphne, his wolf turns towards Midnight too. We have to protect her, he says, standing on straight and stalwart legs, ready to leap into action. She's just a poor, abused little girl who has had nothing - probably for her whole life. And she's ours, Solidly, Jesse agrees, as determined on that point as his wolf. Because even as he tried to keep his distance from her emotionally, Midnight - she's grown on him. She's bizarre and strange, but sweet and earnest and so eager to do what's right. He wonders, passively, what she'd have been like if she had been raised in his world. Bright and passionate, surely, and clever, and funny. 
But here? She's just...so alone. Just a little girl, even if she is physically grown, her emotional growth
stunted by neglect. A beautiful girl, but-
Hey! His wolf snaps, biting him hard and giving him a hearty scratch in his soul. Don't you dare even think about her beauty. No funny business with this poor girl - that would take advantage of her -
###Chapter 0794
Oh, would you lay off, Jesse growls, swatting his wolf away. Obviously, I would never.
"Hey, are you listening to me?" Midnight snaps. Jesse whips his head up to see her with her hands on her hips, glaring down at him. He smiles, laughing a bit.
"I'm sorry, Midnight, will you start again? I got lost in my thoughts."
She frowns for a minute but then slowly her expression turns into a smile. "I like it when you apologize," she says, quiet. "It's nice."
"Then I'll keep doing it," Jesse says, smiling back. "But please, continue."
She does, and Jesse does his best to truly listen. But just before he gives Midnight his full attention, Jesse reaffirms to himself and his wolf the very real truth in his mind: that even if she is his mate, Midnight is off limits, physically and romantically. To cross that line with someone so damaged would be a sincere violation. And he would never do that not to her, not to anyone.
And so Jesse determines, instead, to be Midnight's best friend - her protector and her buddy, by her side whenever she needs him.
Because mate or not, everyone deserves someone like that. And Midnight's never had it.
So, Jesse steps up to the task, determined to keep Midnight by his side even as he tries to get back home to his family and the people he loves.
At the meeting, Jackson just stares at the floor, clenching and unclenching his fist - the one that held Ariel's hand. The one she was ripped from. The one that failed her.
He knows that he's supposed to be paying attention but...god damn it, he doesn't want to fucking be here. He doesn't understand why he's here - just standing at Rafe's side - listening to people debate what the hell they're going to do.
Why - why isn't anyone taking any action!? Why isn't he racing from the room -
"Hey," Rafe murmurs, lightly knocking his shoulder into Jackson's. "Are you okay, man?" Jackson looks over at his friend, his mate's brother, with a solemn frown. Ben, on Rafe's other side, looks at Jackson with worry too.
Unwilling to answer that question, because he knows they want a yes and he's not going to bother to lie, Jackson just tersely turns his gaze on the King and the Duke at the front of the room. Dominic and Roger listen closely to advisors who tell them vital information about the state of Atalaxia's military and anything they know at all about Jesse or Juniper or Ariel.
But after the good news about the fact that Ariel basically obliterated Atalaxia's entire air force in one go stupid of them to send them all out at once - the rest of this meeting has been useless gibberish. The kind of bureaucratic hemming and hawing that makes Jackson want to tear his hair out. Despite himself, Jackson lets his eyes drop again to the floor, lost in his thoughts.
This morning, he'd woken up in his old bedroom at the Palace with Ella in a chair at his bedside. She'd looked worn and exhausted as she explained that she had healed his palm, on which Ariel had left third-degree burns. And then Ellá had held Jackson as he sobbed after she told him what happened – that Roger injected him with something to knock him out, and that they took him from the battlefield, and that Ariel is gone. 
—
Gone, completely gone - snatched right out of his hands by someone that intelligence had identified as a fucking Atalaxian prince.
Where.., Where the hell had he taken her? Jackson understands completely why they'd want her and why they'd want her off that battlefield. She had been absolutely obliterating them and was about to burn herself out letting loose more hell on their armies. 
But...where? Where the fuck is she now?
The question gnaws at him. Because despite Moon Valley's apparently extensive resources, no one seems to fucking know.
"All right," Dominic Sinclair says, snapping Jackon's head back up. "So that's the plan for now. We marshal our intelligence units, we send queries and ambassadors, and we...hope. Hope that we get some information soon."
Jackson turns away from the room
the moment the meeting breaks up, disgust filling him. Rafe calls after him, grabbing for his arm, but Jacks he doesn't want to hurt his friend, but god, he's just got to get out of here. He's got to make a plan, he's got to - 
The moment he steps out of the door, though, someone grabs him by the hand, startling and nearly
knocking him off balance. Jackson growls, whipping his head to whoever, his teeth bared -
But he gasps and reels it all in the moment he realizes that it's the Queen.
"I'm sorry," Jackson stumbles out, shaking his head, horrified. "I'm so sorry, Ella -"
"It doesn't matter," Ella snaps, her hand still tight on his, looking up into his face. "Jackson, you have to go
to get her. You know that, right? This is - this is all taking too long."
Jackson's vicious snarl is all the confirmation Ella needs.
"Good," Ella says, giving him a steady nod. "Then I'll help you. Let's go."
Side by side, the two start off down the hall.
###Chapter 0795
I groan, my hands locked firm on the wooden bed post, as Pippa tugs hard on the strings of my corset. "Pippa," I pant, trying hard to look at her over my shoulder, "are you sure this is necessary? I've already got a pretty small waist..."
"I'm so sorry, Ariel," Pippa says, the strings so tight in her hands that her fingers are laced red and white. "Gabriel's orders. He said he wants you turned out in the height of fashion and..." she shrugs, looking down at my elaborate undergarment, implying that this is indeed necessary.
I sigh and nod, knowing it's not her fault, and turn around, letting Pippa continue.
When she finally ties off the strings and I stand straight, running my hands down over the corset, I'm kind of...appalled at the bizarre new shape my body has been morphed into. My waist is so small, and there's all sorts of ridiculous padding sewn in over my breasts and my booty. God, I look like...some weird fantasy of a woman all covered in fabric. Not a real girl at all.
Which, I suppose, is the point.
"Ready?" Pippa asks, panting a little herself as she hefts yards and yards of grey-blue silk over towards
me.
"All of that?" I ask, pointing at it with wide eyes. "Is one dress!?"
She laughs a little, grinning at me, and nods.
"Oh goodness," I mutter, ducking obligingly and letting Pippa lift the entire assortment over my head to drape over my body. Then she gets to work with all the buttons and zippers and ties and ribbons, getting me all prettied up.
I look at myself in the mirror as she does, wondering at myself, the change my life has taken. I've been dressing as a boy for months now, Ari becoming part of my identity. And neither Jackson nor Luca had complained once to see me without makeup, and in slacks, my hair messily tucked up beneath a black cap all day.
I mean, they'd liked me equally dressed as a girl too. But I got the impression with both that...it just never really mattered what I looked like.
But with Gabriel? Clearly...he cares.
"How are you, love?" Pippa asks, her voice soft. "I know you were in bed all day. Are you...okay? Do you have any questions I can answer, maybe to make things better?" I turn my head to look into her face, not really surprised to see true concern there. Whatever his motives, I don't think that Elias truly lied about Pippa
being the essence of goodness. She
seems at all times to be genuinely
kind. 
I sigh, shrugging a bit, hesitating. But then I let myself ask, truly curious and needing information. "Is he always like that?" I whisper.
Pippa instantly intuits who I'm
talking about, "He didn't used to be,"
ife
she whispers with a grimace, as she's aware that that news doesn't do anything to soften the meaning implicit in her words: that yes he's like that all the time.
I sigh, settling myself into the knowledge that my newset mate is kind of a nightmare.
"Well," I ask, my face screwing up in confusion. "When did he...start being like that? And why?"
"It all started four or five years ago," Pippa murmurs, working hard at the line of buttons that trail down my
back. I watch her in the mirror, paying close attention to her expression. "When he..."
She sighs, though, and shakes her head, as if deciding that's not the right place to start.
"When we were children," Pippa says, beginning again, "the three of us were very close. Our mothers were best friends, which explains the rather uncommon instance of a younger girl being so often in the company of two older boys."
"How much younger are you?" I murmur, curious.
"About three years younger than Elias," she says, almost passive as she concentrates on my dress.
I blink in surprise when I realize that that makes Pippa just about Juniper's age. God, Juniper, pregnant... but she's just a baby. It's a ridiculous thought.
"I'm about five years younger than
Gabriel," Pippa continues. "But it didn't seem to matter that I was a girl and a baby - the three of us just got along so well. Gabriel - he was always so funny. He was full of pranks and energy. Elias and are more restrained and...bookish, I guess is the right word. But Gabriel - he really got us to go on adventures, brought such spirit to our lives." 
###Chapter 0796
Pippa looks up at me with a great deal of sadness in her eyes, her hands falling from my dress as she finishes the last button. I turn towards her, concerned and sad for her sake.
"I'm really sorry," she whispers, shaking your head. "That you didn't get to meet that Gabriel. That you have this one instead. I think..." she bites her lip and shrugs. "I think you would have liked him."
I frown, desperate to know more and concerned. "What happened?" I ask, stepping close, intuiting that it's some sort of secret. "What...changed him?"
Pippa glances towards the door, anxious, clearly weighing the consequences. "Look, Ariel," she whispers, "no one knows this, so please don't tell, but if you're to be his Luna you should know, and...you're going to figure it out sooner or later."
I nod eagerly, my wolf standing up straight, her whole body still as she waits.
"Gabriel...about five years ago he pledged himself to the God of Darkness," Pippa whispers, looking into my eyes, her own shining. "In exchange for the power to protect this palace, and all the people in it, from the weapons and the magic of Moon Valley."
My mouth falls open a little, my eyes going wide. "What does that mean?"
"He mentioned it today," Pippa says, lifting a cupped hand and making a little side to side motion with it over her other hand, like she's forming a snowball. "It's like...a dome? A magical dome of protection? When Gabriel is here in the palace, none of your Goddess magic can work inside the dome. And none of your country's weapons - any country's weapons - can penetrate it. No matter how powerful. No one can get in and no one can get out without Gabriel opening the barrier for them."
I gape at her, shocked. But suddenly it makes so much sense - why the Atalaxians famously gather all of their nobles together in one place. Why Moon Valley has never just...exploded the entire thing. I mean, beyond the ethical concern of murdering thousands of innocent people - women and children included - it...would end the war.
Still, I shudder at the idea, knowing that my father would never do it. That even if I'm angry now, I wouldn't want him to.
"Wait, so," I say, frowning and turning my attention back to the woman who is supposed to become my sister-in-law in a week. "And that dedication to Darkness...it made Gabriel different? Changed his personality?"
Pippa glances again at the door, anxious. "It corrupted him," she whispers, leaning close to me. "He; told us once, early on he sobbed and cried and said that he could feel his wolf being enclosed in the darkness, that he was losing himself to it" 
-
Horror fills me as I remember, suddenly, the glimpse of his wolf that my wolf saw. Of the horrible wolf in his soul, with glowing eyes, and panting breath, his legs sunk low in darkness like oil, like tar. I gape at Pippa, who nods to me. 
"Did you see it?" she asks, her hand reaching out to clasp my arm. "Did you...did you see his wolf? I know that sometimes mates can..."
Slowly I nod. "Pippa," I breathe. "It was...horrible."
Tears fill her eyes - tears for a friend she's lost, one she can't help. A man who has...disappeared from
her life, replaced by a terrible stranger.
A knock comes at the door, making us both jump.
"Oh no," Pippa whispers, straightening up, wiping hastily at her cheeks. "Am I okay?"
I smile softly at this poor girl who doesn't want anyone to see her cry. "You're stunning," I murmur, reaching up and wiping a stray tear that she missed from beneath her eye. Pippa laughs a little and gives me a lovely smile before she turns for the door, dashing towards it. 
I watch her go, scowling a little because...damn it. I really like her. As determined as I am to not like or
trust any of these Atalaxians... Pippa seems to somehow be immune.
She pulls open the door a little, peeking out, and then pulls it open all the way. "Oh, hello!" she says, half excited, half wary. I peer beyond her and instantly see the reason why.
###Chapter 0797
Two brothers stand in the door, one a lovely man who I suspect is lying to his Luna. The other, terribly corrupted by the god of Darkness in exchange for the immense power to protect his people. Both of their gazes move immediately to me.
I set my shoulders back, putting on my Princess Cupcake persona a little more than I did when I was alone with Pippa, and call on my years of Princess lessons as I slowly dip into a deep, formal, old- fashioned curtsy.
"Well?" I ask, my head bowed low. "Elias, Gabriel? Will I do?"
"You're beautiful, Ariel," Elias says, crossing the room with his brother as I raise myself back up. Eliasi gives me a soft smile before he dips into a low, low bow - the kind I know from my lessons is only used in Atalaxia for members of the royal house.
"Yes," Gabriel says, studying me, his hands slipped deep in his pockets. "I suppose you will do, now that you're dressed correctly, and not as a man. Or a slut."
I go a little still at that accusation, only my lessons with Faiza stopping me from either laughing boldly in his face or slapping him hard across the cheek. Or both. Probably both.
"Pippa?" Gabriel calls, turning his head to look for her. "Isn't there a crown that goes with this? And jewels?"
"Yes!" She scurries away to fetch it.
"Our grandmother's crown," Gabriel says, turning his eyes back to me, narrowing them a bit. "A great Princess of Atalaxia. I hope that you will endeavor to live up to the honor bestowed on you by wearing it." "I will try," I say, quite soft and gentle, going to my knees before this Prince as Pippa comes back and reverently hands him the crown. I demurely lower my chin so that he can place the on my head. It's heavy, and when I turn to look in the mirror I see that it's a gorgeous, elaborate crown, studded with diamonds and sapphires.
But even as I admire it, my heart sinks. Because I miss my simple rose-gold crown, the one that marks me as a Princess of Moon Valley. The one my mom picked out. The one that Jackson once told me he thought was pretty.
"And the necklace," Gabriel says next.
I raise myself up, my eyes going wide when I see the diamond choker in Pippa's hands not only because it's absolutely dripping in diamonds but because -
"Yes," Gabriel snaps as Pippa steps forward and lifts it to my throat. "The necklace will cover your shame until I can cover it with my own mark."
I do my best to contain my horror as Pippa works at the clasp, loosing a slow breath, my hand gripped tight on my wolf's fur as she snarls at the thought.
When Pippa steps away, Gabriel offers a hand. "Come, Luna," he says, his voice low and serious. "It's time for you to be presented to your King and court."
There is a loud murmur of conversation as we approach the ballroom, my hand held neatly high in Gabriel's as he escorts me, Elias and Pippa following close behind.
I glance over at Gabriel as we walk, my wolf anxiously walking back and forth in my soul, a low whine in
her throat. Because on a physical level...I mean. I get it. I understand what my grandmother the Goddess was thinking.
A great ball of self-hatred forms in
my stomach as I take in Gabriel's broad shoulders, his trim waist, the way he carries himself with utter
confidence. My wolf gives a
little huff as I consider that Jackson
is taller - but then again,
someone
being taller than Jackson-would be...absurd. 
Still, I can't deny it, especially as I look up into Gabriel's regal, fine-featured face with those cheekbones so high and sharp they could cut glass, those shining blue eyes damn it, but he's hot. Less pretty than Luca, less
contained-ferocity than Jacks, but...gorgeous. 
Gabriel flicks his eyes over to me, a smirk on his lips almost like he can tell what I'm thinking. I snap my head back to the front, clenching my jaw, because that's impossible at this point, right? I haven't accepted our bond, so there's no way that he could be beginning to sense my thoughts, my feelings. 
###Chapter 0798
But...my grandmother did order me to get all of my mate's marks so that my magic could fully develop... Still. The idea of carrying Gabriel's mark on my flesh? Maybe this one...I'll reject and see replaced.
She had a reason, my wolf murmurs, walking back and forth in my soul. She picked him for a reason... I know, I whisper back, running a hand over my wolf's soft fur, trying to calm her. We'll think on it later. Now we concentrate, yes?
My wolf sighs as two servants begin to open the doors before us, sitting down primly on her haunches and preparing to play her role as the sweetest, stupidest, weakest and prettiest wolf in history. She grumbles as she lays down, but I murmur to her that she's a good girl, and she gives my mental hand a little lick of support.
Golden light floods into the hall from the fabulous ballroom ahead and I take a deep breath, concentrating as we step into the room. The chatter fades, every single person turning towards us to stare.
I hold my chin high and walk proud but demure at Gabriel's side, well aware that this is precisely how he wants me to be. A spoil of war, his tamed princess, made utterly Atalaxian under his command. A role I'm quite capable of playing. For now.
We sweep to the center of the room, our footsteps echoing. Gabriel looks around, smug, but he doesn't say a word. He doesn't need to. When we get to the center of the room music begins - classical strings singing out from some hidden alcove. He turns to me, slipping one hand around my waist, and then begins to move into the steps of a slow, formal waltz.
I blink for a moment in surprise but then begin to move with him, my feet remembering the steps from years of dance classes in a thousand styles. I look up into his face and he smirks down at me. I let a little smile find my lips.
"A risk, my Prince," I murmur, my voice light and pleased like he's the cleverest person I've ever met. "What if we'd gotten to the center of the room and you'd discovered I couldn't dance?"
"Oh, I know you can dance, Ariel," Gabriel murmurs, glancing around the room. "I've known since I was a
child that you were my mate. I was careful to take notes on my future Luna."
My eyes go wide. And this time, I'm not faking it. "Wha - how...how did you know?"
"My father, fool that he is," Gabriel sighs, glaring off somewhere into the crowd that watches us, "had me dedicated to the Goddess soon after I was born. Something about your mother giving him the idea that Darkness was not the right God to guide my life. But it did reveal that
one very useful fact."
I go a bit cold at this, because my own baptism vision didn't include any information about Gabriel - only Luca and Jacks. Why...why would my Grandmother do that? And are there...others? Lurking out there? Other mates?
A cold rush of horror runs through me at the thought.
Gabriel and I continue the dance in
perfect silence, each of our steps perfectly in tune with each other, with the music. When it comes to an end he steps away and gives me an elaborate bow. The entire room politely applauds and I turn towards them all, pressing a hand to my chest and giving another deep curtsy, demonstrating to them all that I am at their mercy and glad to be here. 
Secretly, though, my knee aches a bit from so much obeisance.
Honestly, I prefer my own
family's
court, where mom greets pretty much everyone with a hug and asks if they're hungry. It's much kinder on the knees. Plus, you get a snack. 
"Come," Gabriel says as the room breaks into more relaxed chatter and the crowd begins to move and
mingle. I exhale a deep breath, glad that that part is over. "Time to meet my uncle, the King."
###Chapter 0799
I bury my scowl at the prospect of meeting my enemy and nod to Gabriel, letting my face break into a pretty smile like I'm excited about it. Gabriel stares at me for a moment, I think surprised, and then breaks into a dark laugh, shaking his head as he leads me away. "You can drop the front around me, Ariel," he murmurs, wrapping my arm tight in his so that I walk close at his side. "Though it is good around everyone else. Yes, let the court believe you docile and sweet."
"There is no front, highness," I say, quite light, smiling and nodding to those around us who take a moment to nod to me. "I'm very pleased to be here. You've saved me from the tyranny of my home land." He huffs a laugh and glances down at me again. "Lies. I know you for the patriot you are, Ariel."
"Patriot I might be," I say, raising my eyes to his. "But it doesn't mean I can't believe that some things are done better here in Atalaxia. We could benefit from your influence, especially in terms of our social structure and family lives."
Gabriel studies my face, I think honestly considering whether or not I mean that. And inwardly I shout my thanks to Faiza, because every inch of it was a wretched lie.
There's no time to talk on it further, though, as we arrive at the throne.
"Behave yourself," Gabriel snaps, his voice a harsh whisper, his arm tightening harshly on mine. "If you do anything to embarrass yourself, Juniper will pay."
I take a deep breath and nod, letting him know that I consent. For Juniper and Jesse - just in case he does have them - but also for myself. Because this plays into my plans as well.
I focus on the man in front of me, taking in the richly-adorned King, an old man - much older than my father - who sits straight in his throne. He frowns, suspicious and disapproving, as his eyes sweep over my form. And even though I don't dare look at anything else, I don't miss - in the corner of my vision - that a photographer steps forward and begins taking pictures.
Good, I think. Good. Let this all go to the press.
Behind the King stands a young man whose familial relationship to Gabriel and Elias could not be clearer.
I recognize him instantly, of course - the Crown Prince. The crowned young man I last saw in my own Palace before Midwinter.
And, as it was then, his wolf is wrong. Wrong, wrong. I can smell it on him, sense it. Even if I cannot see his wolf in the same way that I see Gabriel's, I know that it's the same. Wrong, corrupted.
And so, I realize as I focus my eyes on the monarch, is the King's.
For he, too, is corrupted.
Gabriel stops a few feet away from the King but loosens his grip on my arm, continuing to hand me forward so that I step to the King alone.
"Uncle," he says, his voice low. "May I present to you my mate, the Princess Ariel Sinclair."
The King says nothing, still frowning at me, waiting for me to show my cards.
So I act, my Princess training coming in quite handy now as I step forward, bowing my head and dropping
to my knees before my enemy. "Your highness," I say, my voice low and reverent. "Thank you for this welcome to your court."
"The welcome is all at Gabriel's
insistence, Princess," the King
murmurs formally, offering one hand to me. "I suggested that you be
thrown in the dungeons with the rest of the dogs we captured from your nation, but my sentimental nephew is convinced he can train you up into a proper Atalaxian lady."
I nod, reverent, my head still bowed. "I will endeavor in all ways to follow my Alpha's lead," I murmur.
"Then you may begin," the King says, offering his hand, his emerald ring shining, "by denouncing your allegiance to your homeland. And vowing allegiance to me."
Instantly I take his hand, like it's
some gift offered to me that I've always wanted and never thought! could have: "I vow it," I say, raising I my eyes to him, willing earnest truth into my eyes. "I disavow any ties to my old life, the land that raised me, my family there. I belong to my Alpha now and swear to honor his will, and through it, yours." 
And then I bow my head, and press my lips to the King's ring as if it's my lover.
And when I raise my eyes again I see a small smile on this monarch's lips. And even as hatred and a very deep, very real desire to burn this entire room to the ground races through my heart, a little pleasure swells there as well.
Because in lowering myself before him, and disavowing everything I've ever known, I've played into every concept that the Atalaxian's have regarding womankind: that we're wayward, and stupid, and that all we need is a strong Alpha's guiding hand to show us the way
In thus debasing myself, I think I hope - I have made my first step towards fooling this man into thinking that I, too, am just a foolish little woman.
###Chapter 0800
Even though I have every intention of ripping out his throat and walking all the way home with his blood dripping from my fangs.
It's hours before Gabriel escorts me back to my room. Hours of laughing at horrible jokes about how lucky I am to be saved from the homeland I treasure. Hours of smiling at old men who ogle me in my ridiculous corset and openly compliment Gabriel on what a catch he stole from that heathen land, what beautiful sons I will produce for him. Hours of simpering women who congratulate me over and over on the luck I've had to be mated to this...monster.
As we walk back to the room, my head pounds – absolutely pounds becuase the entire time I endured the courtiers, did my best to hold my mask up as they actively insulted my father, called my mother a peasant whore, laughed at my aunt for calling herself a doctor - the entire time... Gabriel's wolf pushed. Pushed towards mine, sought to get to her, sought to bully her into accepting the bond and building the bridge between our souls. He snarled at her, and threatened her, and howled to her.
My head aches now with the hangover of the effort between negotiating my inner and outer worlds, both of which were an assault.
Gabriel doesn't say a word as we approach my door, instead simply grasping the handle and pushing it open. But the moment I step into the darkness of the room he moves, shoving me hard towards the bed and slamming the door shut behind him.
"Go," he growls as I spin and trip over my feet in my shock, trying to push him away as he moves with me, shoving me onto the mattress and climbing over me as I fall onto my back. "Submit, Luna."
"Get off of me!" I scream, shocked and terrified, any thought of my sweet Princess persona ripped from
me.
"No," he snarls, lowering himself so that his body is pressed along the length of mine. "You will submit to me, and I will mark you now so that you know who your master is, and -"
But my wolf snarls, ripping away my shock, and I remember my lessons with Blaze. I snarl too as I wrap my hands in Gabriel's shirt and throw my whole weight into my left shoulder, rolling Gabriel over onto his own back in the same moment that I shift into my wolf. He looks up at me, shocked, when he realizes what happened, but my teeth are already at his throat.
I only have the advantage for a moment, though, before Gabriel roars and hits me, hard, with the side of
his arm, sending me flying away. Not before my teeth graze his neck - but enough that my tiny wolf body goes flying across the bed, bounces once, and then careens to the floor where I hit, hard.
I yelp, my paws scrabbling for purchase, desperate to get up and see where he is -
But suddenly the lights turn on and I scurry around the side of the bed, desperate to know who's here -
who has come to my rescue. My eyes lock on Pippa, at the door,. staring horrified with her hands over her mouth as Elias roars and storms forward, grabbing Gabriel by the back of his shirt as he lurches for
me, hauling my mate back and away from me. 
"Gabriel!" Elias barks, shaking his brother roughly, making him turn.
"Get your damn hands off me, Elias!" Gabriel roars, turning his head to snarl at his brother, his fangs long and ready to pierce. "She's my fucking Luna -"
Elias, to my shock, drops Gabriel's shirt and winds his hand back, delivering a heady slap across his
brother's face. Gabriel gasps and stumbles to the side, his hand going to his face.
"Whether or not she is your mate," Elias growls, advancing again on his brother, "gives you no right to assault her. Even by Atalaxian standards you go too far."
"When she is my Luna," Gabriel snarls, standing and glaring hard at his brother, "I have a right to her body
"And she is not your Luna!" Elias shouts, taking a single solid step towards his brother and grabbing the front of his shirt, shaking him again. "You weakling, is this
vel
seriously how you would have your mate!?" He casts a hand out téwards me. "Trembling in fear!?" 
I take a moment to assess myself, not very surprised to find that Elias
is right I'm trembling in every one
-
of my limbs, my little wolf paws sliding and struggling to find
purchase on the marble floor. Pippa snaps her gaze to me as well and gives a little cry of dismay, dashing across the room to me and wrapping me tight into her arms, pulling me half into her lap. I give a little wolf cry of dismay as my mind comes back to me, as I begin to realize how horrible and terribly close that was. 
And that there's nothing to stop him from doing again.
###Chapter 0801
"You disgust me," Elias snarls, hauling Gabriel with him towards the door. "I'm taking you out of here and you will not return until Ariel invites you. If she ever does." I watch in shock, because Elias is both the younger and the smaller brother. How...how does he have this kind of authority? Why is Gabriel listening to him?
Elias glances once at Pippa, who gives him a steady nod, but then Elias and Gabriel gone, the door closing hard behind them.
Pippa holds me for a long few minutes, stroking my fur and telling me that it's all right. When I finally feel strong enough I shift back into my girl body, tears streaming down my cheeks.
"Oh, Ariel," Pippa murmurs, taking my face in her hands. "I'm so sorry. That was so horrible."
"Why - why did he do that?" I whisper, shaking my head, still terrified. I glance at the door, scared he'll come back. Because even if Blaze did teach me some things, I know I can't win against Gabriel, not really. He - like most Alphas - is just so much bigger than me.
"I don't know why he did it," Pippa whispers, softly stroking my cheek. "But it won't happen again, darling. The doors - they have locks - all of our maiden chambers do. None of them can be opened except from the inside if you will it. I promise."
A little tension goes out of me at this and I nod to her, hoping that's true.
"And I'll stay with you," she murmurs, nodding seriously. "I'll stay all night, and Elias will stay with Gabriel and talk some sense into him -"
"Why..." I say, my voice still shaking, "why does Gabriel listen to Elias? He's...he's bigger? And older?" Pippa twists her lips a bit to the side as she drops her hands from my face, giving a shrug. "Gabriel... when he took the oath to the God of Darkness, he also...lost some concept of right and wrong. He's a creature of impulse now, pursuing what he wants, giving into strong emotions like rage and lust and insecurity. Elias - for all that he sees Gabriel's faults - he loves him." She sighs, almost apologetic. "Some part of Gabriel trusts him still, knows that he will not steer him wrong."
I stare at Pippa, not quite getting it.
And Pippa smiles. "Do you not have a big tough older brother?" she says, whispering a little and leaning forward towards me. "Who you have a bit tied around your finger as well?"
Something about the truth in this makes me burst out with a shaky little laugh as I raise my hand to wipe at my tears. "Okay, yeah. That part...maybe that makes sense."
She nods. "Do you want a shower, love? Or, we can just get you out of this silly corset and straight to bed
"Just the corset, please," I murmur, turning slightly so that she can start on the buttons. "And then... Pippa...if it really is safe here. Could I sleep alone? I think..." I sigh. "I want to be alone to gather my thoughts."
"Of course, my dear," she whispers. "There's a belt pull in the corner that's attached to a bell in my and Elias's room, which is just two down. If you ever feel unsafe, even for a moment, you tug on that, okay? We will come running." 
"Thank you," I murmur. And then I sit very quietly and let my friend do her work.
Once Pippa leaves I feel...empty. Just sort of dead and alone. I try to gather myself together and chuff myself up by telling myself that this is just a trial, and that I'll get through it, but...
But for some reason, I can't stop crying.
I look around my dark room and I just...I hate it here. So, so much. I want to be home, in the nook, or in
my little childhood bed in the palace, and I want Jacks there with me, with my cheek warm against his chest...
Even as I think of it, though, I just cry harder.
Still, I gather as many blankets and
—
pillows into my arms as I can and call upon that dark magic within me, tossing myself backwards into that world. When I land there - a bit hard - on my ass, I'm gratified to see that the supplies I had gathered in my arms came with me. 
I sigh, a bit, to see the blankets and the pillow get very dusty in a matter of moments as I lay them out in the dirt of the Land of Darkness, but I push the thought of that aside as curl up, my head on a soft down. pillow, my eyes focused on the dark of a night sky I've never seen before. And even if the ground is hard, and the wind chilly, and the bars of the cage around me gleam in the moonlight of another world... 
Still, I know that it's better, sleeping here.
That anything is better than a night in that horrible palace, with my mate probably prowling the halls,
seeking to make me submit to him whether I want to or not.
###Chapter 0802
Jackson looks around Ella's closet...kind of in wonder. His wolf growls in his soul, telling him to pay attention to the mission but...god, it's hard. This closet is...gigantic, and packed with stuff. More than just clothes and jewelry. Is that - is that a mini bar in that corner? And a coffee alcove in the back? "Okay," Ella sighs, coming through a door to... god, Jackson has no idea where. It does not lead to the Royal Bedroom, or to the bathroom so...it must go somewhere else. Another...wing of the closet? Where she keeps more stuff? In her hand Ella carries a heavy backpack that she hoists up with both hands. "I think you should be all set."
Jackson takes the backpack from her and easily swings it over one shoulder. "Thank you, Ella," he says, looking her quite seriously in the eyes. "I think this is right. It's the only thing I can think to do."
"I think so too," Ella says with a satisfied sigh, looking over the dark fatigues she stole from Dominic's military wardrobe, uniform which she was not surprised at all to find fit Jackson to near perfection. "The bag has all the supplies you need and...some stuff for Ari. Once you get her back."
Jackson nods once, eager to go.
"When you find her," Ella says, looking up at him with eyes that again shine with tears, "will you -"
A loud shout comes from the bedroom, or perhaps the living room beyond, making them both snap their heads towards the door.
"Come on," Ella says, all authority now as she strides for the bedroom door. "Leave the bag."
Jackson does as he's told, dropping the backpack and working hard to not outstrip Ella as he strides for the door. But she hurries and soon they're both across the bedroom and bursting into the living room, where the family gathers and everyone is suddenly exclaiming as they look at their phones. "What!?" Ella cries, dashing immediately to Dominic's side. "What is it?"
Jackson follows close behind her, desperate to know.
"It's...fucking Atalaxian press," Dominic murmurs as he tucks an arm around Ella, pulling her close and showing her the phone. Jackson's wolf whines in his chest as he looks around, desperate for a phone for the first time in his life, dying to know what on earth is going on. Cora and Roger are here with the rest of their children, and Rafe, and Mark - all distracted -
But Rafe soon glances up and realizes that Jackson is out of the loop, striding to his side. "It's fine," Rafe says, nodding as he presses the phone into Jackson's hands. "It's proof that she's alive and...well. Ridiculously dressed but...well."
Jackson's gaze snaps to the phone as he scans the article, his fingers scrolling fast to the pictures. His heart wrenches when he sees the pictures of Ariel - his darling girl - his mate -
Dressed in an insane blue dress, wearing an elaborate crown. A growl rises in his throat as Jackson sees that man by her side - the one he saw on the battlefield, the one the Sinclair's identified as the Atalaxian prince. But Jackson barely spares a glance for him, his eyes immediately moving back to her. 
Ariel, kneeling before the Atalaxian King. Ariel, kissing his hand like she's so grateful to have the chance to do it. Ariel rising on the Prince's hand, beaming at him.
"How did..." Jackson murmurs, frowning at the phone and lifting it closer to his face like it will help him see better. "How did they make her waist so small..."
"Is that seriously what's bothering you?" Rafe snaps, grabbing the phone back.
"I mean it has to hurt," Jackson murmurs, frowning at his friend, "she's not shaped like that. They must have used...duct tape."
"Jacks," Rafe growls, rolling his eyes a little, "she's swearing allegiance to Atalaxia! She's taking a role as a Princess of their court!"
"Yeah, but they probably made her
say all of that Jackson says, frowning at Rafe and crossing his arms, not really seeing why Ariel's actions in the images are a big deal. Like Dominic said, the photographs show she's alive and healthy. And that's the only think Jackson cares about. 
"I agree," Dominic says, making everyone in the room turn towards him. "Ariel is staying alive, playing whateverole they ask of her, avoiding torture and imprisonment. I'm proud of her- it's clever, hard work, and I'm not sure I'd be capable of it." 
"Are -" Rafe sputters, looking around the room. "Am I the only one who read the article!? They're claiming
her as a Princess of Atalaxia! They're saying she's going to have a ceremony with this Prince Gabriel character, that -"
"Rafe," Ella says, her voice low in warning, her eyes shifting to Jackson.
"That he's her mate!" Rafe finishes, throwing his arms wide, outraged.
Jackson goes cold at this. Because...what? Her...her mate?
###Chapter 0803
"We have no confirmation of that," Dominic snaps, his eyes likewise on Jacks. Jackson starts to breathe hard, panicking at the idea of it. Was this - was this the Goddess reassigning someone after Luca rejected her? ?r-
"Really," Roger says, breaking in with a nod, "they would say that, just to establish Ariel as a member of their court, to have a true claim on her, we can't know -"
But Jackson is done listening. He turns hard on his heel, heading back into the bedroom, straight for the closet. Before he's halfway across the room, he hears the patter of the Queen's footsteps behind him. She reaches him, her hands outstretched, as he hauls the bag up on his shoulder. "Jackson," Ella says, looking up at him with worried eyes. "Don't -"
"It doesn't change anything," Jackson intones, his voice low and gravelly, looking with perfect seriousness into Ella's eyes. "Mate or not, I'm going to get her. They're still the enemy. It's still a world that seeks to... destroy its women." He drops his eyes on the words, shaking his head, hating again that she's there. That some other man even has made a claim on her, when she's so clearly his.
"Jackson," Ella says, cool and strict, making him raise his eyes to hers again. "I don't want you going out there unless you have your head on straight. No heroics. No...suicide missions. All right?"
"I promise," Jackson says, meaning it. "None of this changes anything for me, Ella. It was...good to see her well." He swallows hard, thinking of how beautiful she looked, even with her waist pinched so tight. "But all of the other stuff? It...Ella, I just want to go. Please, let me get started."
"All right," Ella whispers, looking over her shoulder at the closet door. "Let's go, darling." She nods to him once more and the two quickly leave the closet by the third door, which leads down a set of stairs and then into a servant's hall that Jackson hasn't seen before.
He follows the Queen through a long set of hallways that lead, to his surprise, out to a set of garages. "There," Ella says, gesturing towards a black car that has a man Jackson recognizes driving - one of their trusted bodyguards. "You go with Conner, he'll take you to the outskirts and then to the badlands, where you can cross to Atalaxia."
Jackson nods, knowing that it's a good plan. Fast, secret. They had decided to keep it small, knowing that Dominic would , that he'd want to keep Jackson there to help the military. But...both Ella and Jackson know, in their hearts, that that's the wrong choice. That Jackson's abilities are best used in stealth now, going on an individual mission.
Ella reaches her arms up for Jackson and he bends down, wrapping the Queen in a big hug. "You go get our girl," she whispers, pressing a kiss to his cheek.
"I will," he murmurs, closing his eyes and willing himself to the goal. "I promise, I will."
Ella gives him one more squeeze and then Jackson strides off to get into the car, starting on a long mission that will take days before he even gets anywhere. Before he can even try to make contact with Ariel.
But Ella exhales slowly, watching the car drive away, knowing she's done the best thing that she can. For Ariel, for Jackson, for herself.
And she has faith - utter faith - that it will work out. She trusts that boy - trusts him with her daughter's life. And there's only one other man in this world she can truly say that about.
Ella sighs and turns away, walking quietly back into the palace and winding through long sets of stairs taking her time getting back to the family rooms. Mostly because she is....not looking forward to telling Dominic that she has deprived him of yet another of his most powerful warriors. 
She smirks a little, thinking about how pissed off Dominic is going to be. Because he's very cute when he's all pissed off. But Ella's happiness at that thought doesn't last long, wiped away by worry for her daughters, for her nephew, all of whom are missing. God, what is she going to do 
Ella's head snaps to the right when she hears a clatter and a
commotion. She blinking back to awareness and suddenly realizes that she was sort of walking on autopilot and is now at the front of the palace, heading up the formal set of stairs that leads to the family room. There's a flutter of activity at the front entrance - shouting, too. 
She frowns, peering towards it, wondering what the hell...
But then Ella goes still, instantly recognizing the voice pleading desperately for entrance.
"Let him in," Ella calls, walking slowly back down the stairs, her arms crossed over her chest.
A series of no less than eight guards turn to her in shock. "Highness," one says, shaking his head at her.
"Are you sure? He's - he's very upset - he could do anything -"
###Chapter 0804
"I'm sure," Ella says, giving the guard a steady nod.
The guards hesitate for only a second before they step back, letting the soaking wet boxer stumble into the palace, panting, looking exhausted, his eyes filled with tears.
"Well, Luca," Ella says, looking over the young man who rejected her daughter with a raised eyebrow. "I admit that I'm surprised to see you here."
"Please," Luca begs, shaking his head, desperation all over his face. "I - I know you all must hate me - but please - let me do anything I can to help - I can't believe -"
"Oh, come on," Ella says with a sigh, holding a hand out for Luca. "No need for the hysterics, boy." He stares at Ella for a second and then down at her hand as if he can't believe she's offering it. "You're lucky," Ella says, a little smirk in her voice. "Jackson just left. So the chances of you getting murdered in the next few minutes just dropped significantly."
Luca clenches his jaw but steps forward, taking her hand, clearly accepting whatever fate awaits him. "Come on," Ella sighs, squeezing his hand and giving him a little tug towards the stairs. "Let's go see the big guy. See if he has a job for you."
"Thank you," Luca whispers. And Ella just nods, pressing herself to Luca's wet side and letting him feel her warmth. Because even if she hates this boy a little bit right now...
Well. She also loves him too.
That's family, after all.
I gasp awake at the sound of feet hitting packed dirt, my head flying up as I try to make heads and tails of the sudden noise, the shape storming towards me.
"What the hell are you doing here!?"
I reel away in horror when I realize that it's Gabriel - that Gabriel has found me -
"You scared the hell out of Pippa!" he shouts, casting out a hand. "No one had any idea where you were or how you got out -"
I shout in fear and immediately throw myself backwards out of this realm, instantly transitioning and appearing back in my bed - a much softer landing, I might add, than the one I had in the Land of Darkness.
"Ariel!" Pippa gasps, and I look
around in the room in stunned silence as she dashes towards me because there are like...a lot of people here. Her eyes go wide and she grabs a throw blanket as she dashes to me, quickly throwing it over my body. 
I stare at her for a second as she cries and wraps her arms around me next- and then I get it. She covered me up because I'm just sitting here in my bed in my nightgown, and there are strange men in the room.
"Ariel," Elias says, his face lax with
relief as he crosses to the edge of the bed next, reaching for me but then hesitating and pulling his hand back. Thank goodness - we thought something terrible had happened -" 
"I'm sorry," I say, holding the crying Pippa to me. "I just..." I shrug. "I didn't want to be here. So I went... there."
Elias nods to me, clearly understanding my meaning, and then goes to dismiss all of the people in the
room who peer at me curiously, probably wondering how the hell I appeared out of thin air.
"I'm sorry," I whisper to Pippa, truly meaning the apology to her. "I didn't mean to scare you."
"It's okay," she says, sitting up and wiping at her face. "I'm just glad you're all right. God, Ariel, I'm
certainly giving you a picture of myself as a cry baby, aren't I?"
I laugh a little, my hands on my friend's shoulders in what I hope is a steadying way as Elias closes the door behind the last of the people and turns back to us with a smile.
"Um," I say, looking around anxiously. "Where is Gabriel? Why didn't he...come back?"
"He needs to wait," Elias says, smirking a little as he crosses to me again. "For the talisman to recharge.
Why, how long does it take for yours to regenerate?"
"What?" I ask, peering at him like he's crazy. "What are you talking about?"
Pippa and Elias both go a bit still and
then lock eyes with each other,
some communication going
between them. I frown because...are they just best friends who have known each other since childhood?
Oris there some kind of mate-speak passing between them? 
"Ariel," Elias says, focusing on me and crossing his arms over his chest. "When you go to the Land of Darkness...you can just...go?"
"Yes?" I say, staring between the two of them, curious. "Why, what's a talisman?"
"She's been gifted since she was an infant," Pippa says, nodding eagerly to Elias like she's figured it out. "Just like the girl. Darkness's girl."
"Yes," Elias murmurs, curling a finger around his chin. "Yes, that does make sense, doesn't it?"
"What," I ask, seriously confused, staring between them. "What makes sense?"
###Chapter 0805
But suddenly Gabriel appears in the middle of my room and strides immediately for me. "You are not to go there," he snarls. "Sleeping there!? In the Darkness!? What were you thinking!?"
I cringe away from him again even as my wolf snarls.
"Gabriel," Elias says, his voice warning. "Reel it in."
To my shock, Gabriel does as Elias says, stopping before he reaches the side of the bed and comes within arm's distance of me. Still, he turns his furious face back to mine. "Did you like the pretty cage I built for you, pet?" he growls, leaning forward to stare into my eyes. "So that even if you try to escape me by going to the Land of Darkness, I've still got you trapped."
I realize it all with sudden clarity that rather takes my breath away. That all of those cages in the Land of Darkness - they're for me. Just in case I try to run away using that world - because, somehow, I'm better at it than him. Better at shifting there, better at navigating it, because he only dedicated himself to Darkness five years ago.
But me? I've had this gift since I was born.
I fight, hard, to keep a smile from curling on my lips. But the desire to keep my pleasure hidden is aided
by the realization that...it must have taken ages for them to build all of those cages in the other world - the miles and miles of steel fence to keep me trapped.
Which means that they've been planning to trap me for...a long, long time.
I look up into my mate's seething face and suddenly make a decision that I...do not want to be in his presence any longer.
And so I shift again, as easily as breathing, my eyes catching a sly smile on Elias's face as he watches me go.
Suddenly I'm back in my bedding in that dark world, looking up at the moons that still hang in the sky, letting that smile come fully to my lips.
Because Gabriel can follow me here, but I can just shift back. And every time he chases me from one world to the other, his talisman - whatever that is - will weaken. Which means his only real choice is to eventually leave me the hell alone.
I sigh, slightly mollified by this tiny victory, and curl up in my stolen duvet, looking up at the sky, my wolf huffing with sadness as she curls up in my soul.
Because it really is just a tiny victory in a very horrible situation. Honestly, the idea that sitting alone in a cage in a wasteland world is my best refuge...
My wolf gives a little howl and I press my eyes shut, knowing that this is going to be along road. Wondering, honestly, how I'm going to survive here. Because my mating ceremony is in a week! And I can't spend the entirety of that time curled up in this cage.
Even if it's the only place where I can even start to feel like myself.
Jesse groans, pressing the heels of his palms against his closed eyes, laying flat on the ground in the yurt Because by now, to his best
estimate, he's spent a week here net
with Midnight in this strange world
of Darkness, even though it's hard to tel because there's no sun and no clocks and time is...weird here. 
But regardless of how much time has passed, he's never, ever been so bored in his entire life.
Midnight, on the other hand, is delighted.
"Do you want to play the cards again!?" she asks, her voice thrilling with anticipation.
Jesse sighs and drops his hands to his chest, turning his head to watch as his funny little mate lays out
the scraps of paper in front of her, shuffling them up. In this past week they made a little deck of cards and he taught her to play poker, using little bits of stick as chips.
To his surprise, her agile little mind immediately took to the game and she fleeced him for all that he was worth after about two days. He grins at the memory, laughing a little.
"Come on!" Midnight urges, grinning at him. "I'll loan you some sticks."
"I already owe you ten thousand sticks," Jesse sighs, shaking his head. "I don't need to get into any further debt. I'll end up like my father."
"Oh, come on," she replies, laughing. "I'll go easy on you."
Jesse sighs and pulls himself up to a sitting position, groaning as he does. Because, of course, he refuses
to share Midnights bed and also refuses to let her sleep on the floor instead of him. Which makes him feel quite gallant but is doing one hell of a number on his back.
"All right, Ace," Jesse says, scooting closer to Midnight and rubbing his hands together. "Put me down for fifty stick and deal me in."
She laughs, delighted, and does as he says.
Jesse watches Midnight, a little
smile on his face as he watches her
.n
sort the flimsy little cards and then deal them out. Because even if the majority of the week has been horrible - just hard labor doing the basics to stay alive, and terrible food, and an incredible amount of boredom and anxiety worrying about everyone at home - getting to know Midnight has been... 
Well, it's been lovely.
As she peeks at the two cards she delt herself, Jesse thinks again on his initial hatred of this girl. And even if he realizes that it was justified in this moment -he was scared for himself, after all, and for Daphine - he knows now that it was too harsh. Because she really is just a sweet girl in a horrible situation. 
###Chapter 0806
Over the past week Midnight has proved herself to be hard working, and clever, and optimistic, and funny. Funny as hell - sometimes not even intending to be funny but leaving Jesse in stitches. And the conversation has just been great - Midnight listening with wide wonderous eyes as Jesse tells of the realities of his world, and then her eagerly stumbling over her words as she tells him of her own life. Yes, in the past week, Jesse has come to sort of...get it. Why the Goddess picked someone like Midnight for him. Because were she to have grown up in Moon Valley she'd have been spunky, and vivid, and fierce and sweet.
But, of course, she grew up here. And her poor little corrupted wolf...
Jesse sighs, picking up his cards and studying them, forcing himself away from the thought. Because Midnight hates it when he pities her, and any conversations about that wolf go again and again to why he won't accept the bond, and why he won't love her, and why they can't immediately have eighteen pups. "And here's the flop..." Midnight murmurs, setting out the first three cards on the floor of the yurt. Jesse smirks, loving how fast Midnight has picked up the lingo from his world, how much she delights in these simple things.
But even if so much about hanging out with Midnight has been great...she certainly has been a lock box regarding any information about this world.
Inwardly Jesse's wolf gives him a nudge, urging him forward. And he decides to put a little more on the table with this game than just a bundle of sticks.
"I'll raise you two sticks," Jesse murmurs, putting the required amount forward.
Midnight keeps her face perfectly still as she glances at her cards and then up into Jesse's face, studying his expression. His smirk deepens and she shakes her head at him.
"You're very bad at this, Jesse," she says with a sigh, putting forward her own two sticks to match his. "You say you can tell when I am lying but I know when you are bluffing.'
"Maybe you do maybe you don't," Jesse murmurs as Midnight turns over the next card for the turn. "But I do know that you're lying about that Fancy House you told me about before. With your friends in it. Where you ate meat and cake."
Midnight goes still, frowning as she looks up into his face. "I wasn't lying about that."
Jesse shrugs, pretending to consider his cards, even though honestly he's not really paying attention to the game. "All right, but even if you're not lying, it's clear that they don't exist. I mean, you spend a lot of time alone, Midnight, I guess you just made them up."
"I did not," she says, straightening her spine and looking at him aghast. "They exist!"
"Imaginary friends are great," Jesse says, lowering his cards a bit and looking at her with a bit of false pity. "You shouldn't be ashamed, Mids."
Midnight rankles at this, her eyes flying wide, and Jesse's wolf turns in an eager circle. Because honestly he does think that they exist, he just wants to know more. A great deal more.
This week Midnight has staunchly refused to take him to spy on the Atalaxians, but she has accidentally dropped some information about a dark palace on the other side of the world that she calls the Fancy House. And a Prince who lives there. And the cakes she gets to eat there once a year on the Day of Darkness, when she is allowed to go and mingle with everyone else. 
"I'm not ashamed, Jesse," Midnight says, her voice low and dangerous as she stares at him, unblinking. Jesse fights his smile, because Midnight is very adorable when she gets all serious like this. "The people in the Fancy House are real 
"If you say so, Mids," Jesse sighs, putting forward a few more sticks.
But Midnight ignores the sticks. "You'd better believe me, Jesse Sinclair," she snaps.
"I do believe you," he murmurs, gentle and condescending, the voice he uses when Seraphina tells him
that there's a monster under her bed. And like Seraphina, the tone just pisses Midnight off more.
"They exist," she hisses, shadows starting to leak from her, her eyes going dark.
But Jesse has dealt with Midnight's flares of temper enough this week to know to ignore it. He, too, has learned when she's bluffing. "Yeah well, I'll believe it when I see it."
"Fine," Midnight snaps, reaching out and grabbing his arm.
Jesse's eyes fly wide because...what? This is new.
"Let's go. Right now."
"What!?"
"You want to see that they're real? Let's go."
Darkness suddenly consumes the pair and Jesse gasps in fear, staring around him, searching
desperately for the world - the yurt - the damn reality -
But suddenly the world snaps back into place around them even though the yurt is...gone.
Jesse pants, staring around at the dark scene at the beautiful lake spread out in front of him, at the dark figures gathered in a beautiful little pavilion all laughing together. But is...one of them blue? 
"See?" Midnight says. Jesse snaps his head back to her, his mouth falling open. She smirks at him, all trace of shadows gone. "Told you they were real."
###Chapter 0807
I sigh, shifting my weight to my other foot, turning my face away from my reflection in the mirror. I'm sick of staring at it, even if this gown that they've created for the mating ceremony is incredible, all flowing blue silk embroidered with silver, flowing about ten feet behind me in an elaborate train.
"I'm sorry," Pippa murmurs, looking up at me with two pins pressed between her lips as she works steadfastly at the hem at the front of my dress, getting it to just the perfect length. She takes the pins out of her mouth hand hastily makes two more folds. "I know you've been standing there for hours, Ariel, but this really is the last bit."
I smile down at her and shake my head, because it's not her fault. "Honestly it's much harder on you, Pip,"
I say, reaching down to pat her head, which makes her laugh. "Trying to crouch down for hours while pregnant like that. Honestly, you should win a medal for balancing on the balls of your feet."
Pippa laugh a little and shakes her head. "Won't be long now anyway - Little Girl is getting uncomfortable. I'm sure she'll make her presence known soon."
"Do you have names picked out?"
"Oh, it will be Margaret, for Elias's mother," Pippa says with a bit of a sigh. "Not really any choice in that." "Really?" I ask, unable to help the bit of displeasure that comes into my voice.
Pippa tugs at the finished hem of my gown, checking its final length before looking up at me. "If a daughter comes before a son, she's always named after the paternal grandmother in Atalaxia," Pippa says, as if it's just a perfectly normal thing everyone knows. "As an apology to her for not producing a boy for her son. I'm guessing it's...not the same in Moon Valley?"
"No," I say softly, shaking my head at her. "I could name my first daughter Fizzgig Wellybottom if I wanted to."
Pippa stares at me with wide, shocked eyes for a second and then bursts into laughter when she figures out that I'm kidding. She pulls herself to her feet with a little groan and waves to me to step forward off the little tailor's step riser I had been standing on. I begin to walk back and forth so she can see how the dress moves.
"Really, Pippa," I say quietly as she curls a finger around her chin and observes me. "Do you wish the bay was a boy?"
"No," she murmurs quietly, shaking her head, her concentration on me. "Because then he'd be a prince and all wrapped up in the politics of this world. A daughter - she will be all mine, at least until she's married Elias feels the same." Pippa's eyes
flash up to me then, her hand,
anxiously to her side. "But please keep that between us. It is a Prince's consort's duty to provide baby
Princes for the court. It would be a great honor." 
I nod to my friend, a bit sadly, letting her know that the secret is safe with me. But overall I understand -
honestly, it doesn't seem like a great deal to be born a boy or a girl royal in Atalaxia. The fate seems equally
dark for both. 
I groan a little myself, pressing a hand to my lower back as a tell-tale cramp starts there - a monthly little
hint from the Moon Goddess that I'd better prepare myself.
"Are you okay?" Pippa asks, turning her head towards me, curious.
"Yes," I sigh, nodding to her. "Nothing
new. But..." Hook towards the bathroom. "Am I stocked in there? With...monthly products?" Somehow I know that calling them "period products" is going to make Pippa blush. 
Pippa's silence makes me turn back to her, and I go still when I see that she's gaping at me, her complexion pale.
"Pippa, are you all right?" I ask, all in a rush, stepping towards her.
She shakes herself a little, coming out of her shock. "I'm fine. But you're...your bleeding has begun?" "No?" I say, turning my head to consider her, wondering at this reaction that feels bizarre to me. "But I can feel my cramps starting - it's on its way."
"Oh no," Pippa murmurs, shaking her head fervently and raising her fingers to her lips. "Oh, no no no. Oh, no, Ariel - the doctors guessed wrong - you weren't supposed to cycle until next week -"
"T-the doctors?" I stumble out with, frowning at her. "Pippa, what are you -"
But a loud knock comes at the door - the impatient pounding letting me know that it's very likely my horrible mate. I take a deep breath, preparing to shift to the other world, but Pippa gasps and puts a hand out on my arm.
###Chapter 0808
"Oh please don't, Ariel, not in that dress -"
I groan a bit as the pounding continues.
"Everything you bring there just gets so filthy," she whispers, her anxiety increasing as she steps towards the door, "please, it's so beautiful, and it will be such work to get clean -"
I sigh and nod to her, letting her know that I'll stay. And with her in the room, Gabriel isn't likely to attack me. At least, I hope. When Pippa pulls open the door, I let out a sigh of relief to see that Elias is with him too, which means I'm safe.
Elias - he has been my protector this past week. The only one who can truly keep Gabriel in check. "Mate," Gabriel snarls, waving his hand at me the moment he comes into his room, the blue magical manacles immediately encircling my wrists. "Don't even think about going anywhere."
I resist the urge to roll my eyes. "Of course, mate," I say in reply, putting on my Princess Cupcake persona. "I have no desire to leave your esteemed company anyway."
Gabriel just glares at me as Elias follows him into the room and shuts the door, because all four of us know it's a lie. I go to the Land of Darkness whenever I can rather than spend time with him. Unfortunately, Gabriel has learned my trick and gotten quite fast at slapping these magic-canceling cuffs on me the moment he walks into a room so that I can't use my Dark magic as well as my Goddess gifts. Fortunately for me, he has to be in the room to make his magic work. So the moment he's gone, I usually shift away to go hang out in my little encaged nest of blankets and pillows in the Land of Darkness until he comes and shouts at me to come back to Atalaxia.
"Oh Elias," Pippa murmurs, going immediately to her Alpha and wrapping her hands around his arm, looking up into his eyes. "It's all gone wrong
"What's gone wrong?" He asks, frowning down into her face as Gabriel storms over to me.
"Ariel must begin her confinement - there's no way we'll be able to do a wedding tomorrow -"
"What?" I burst out, entirely shocked as I put the pieces together. I need to be confined? Because I'm about to start my period? Rage sweeps through me at the rules of this ridiculous place.
But there's no time for that as my mate storms over to me.
"Not like it matters," he growls, snarling down into my face. "Considering that her people have interrupted everything anyway. What part did you have in this!?" He grabs my arm, yanking me closer to him.
I resist, hard, the urge to snarl back, canines enlongated, and pull my hand from his arm. Instead, I force myself to be meek, to stumble and cry out, pretending that he hurt me.
"Gabriel!" Elias barks out, storming over to us. "For heaven's sake, you ass, do I have to repeat our mother's lessons about keeping our hands to ourselves!?" He smacks hard at Gabriel's arm. Gabriel snarls but
drops his hand, freeing me.
I make a little display of giving a mewing little gasp and rubbing my arm where he gripped me, which makes Pippa squeak with concern and Gabriel narrow his eyes. He knows he didn't hurt me.
But that doesn't mean I can't rub it in.
"I didn't do anything," I murmur, looking down at my arm, sniffing a little for effect. "I was just trying to get ready for my wedding, like a good Atalaxian Luna -"
"Oh cut it, Ariel, Gabriel snarls,
taking a step towards me. "You only stopped wallowing in the dirt this
morning because I threatened tone
kick you if you didn't come back and let Pippa fit the gown for the mating ceremony." 
"Yes," I say, whipping my head up to glare at him, "and maybe if you'd stop threatening to kick me so often then maybe I'd be comfortable coming to stay in this world!"
Gabriel opens his mouth to shout
something else at me, but Elias steps between us. “Enough,” he says, exhausted, shaking his head "None of it matters anymore. And Pippa, honestly, the timing for Ariel's confinement actually works out well, because the Ceremony is being postponed." 
I turn to Gabriel in shock because...wait, what!?
###Chapter 0809
"The mating ceremony is...postponed?" Pippa gasps, looking up at her Alpha with wide eyes. "Yes," Gabriel drawls, crossing his arms and continuing to glare at me, looking me up and down like I planned this all even though I have no idea what's going on. "Apparently Ariel's people have sent a delegation. And that fool we call a King has accepted them into the palace for negotiation, completely ignoring my suggestion for how they should be treated."
"W-what was your suggestion?" I ask, my heart in my throat. Because I think I already know his answer. Gabriel just smirks back at me.
Elias sighs, rubbing a tired hand over his forehead. "My esteemed brother ordered that they all be beheaded at the door. Which, fortunately didn't happen."
Cold sweeps through my blood as I stare at this horrible man to whom I'm mated.
"Does...does that mean they're here?" I force myself to ask it, my throat tight. "The delegation - they're inside the palace?"
"Not yet," Elias says, drawing my gaze to him. "But they will be. Quite soon."
"Out out out," Pippa says, waving her hands at the brothers. "Ariel must be confined. No men can come in until her time passes.
"Don't be ridiculous," Gabriel growls, baring his teeth at his sister-in-law.
"No," I gasp, desperate for once for them to stay, even as Pippa herds Gabriel and Elias towards the door. "I need to know -"
Elias sends me a sad look over his shoulder as Pippa almost physically shoves them out the door. Honestly I am shocked that she was able to do it - because she's a very small person who certainly couldn't best either of them in terms of strength. But I suppose that Atalaxian ideals regarding women's rules run deep.
A delegation, I say to my wolf as I sit down hard on the side of the bed, rubbing my wrists where the manacles were, even though they don't hurt me. My wolf howls with excitement even as she turns in a tight, anxious circle. Because...what could that mean? A delegation? A postponement?
Dad sent it, my wolf says, panting a little with her excitement. He must have. He must have sent them to get us back. We can go home soon. We can -
But I put a hand on her fur, willing her to calm. Because as much as I hope that that's true - I mean...it can't be that easy, right?
Still, it is my best hope for contact with home. But - who came? Is anyone from my family here?
Is...
But I press my eyes shut against the hope. Because to have him here, in the palace...it would be so good, but so, so dangerous.
Jackson has to stay safe, my wolf says, pressing tenderly up against my heart. We want him safe more than we want him here.
I know, I whisper back to her, my fingers knotting in her hair.
And if he comes here, she says. They'll kill him for being your mate. So, he has to go away.
I nod, agreeing to it.
"Oh, darling," Pippa says, sighing as she comes to my side and puts her hands on my shoulders. "You look so troubled. I'm so sorry, my dear. Let's get you out of this dress and into the bath."
"A bath?" I ask, looking up at her like she's a little crazy.
"Yes," she murmurs, her hands lifting at my arms a little, urging me to stand up. "The purifying bath, to begin the ceremony of confinement. Come on."
"Oh, Pips," I sigh, giving her a dubious look as I stand and start to follow her to the bathroom. "You know that's ridiculous, right?"
"Ridiculous or not," she says with a
little shrug that lets me know that...yeah She kind of does know that it's stupid. "It is tradition. And above all things in Atalaxia,
traditions must be follo Sover?
I sigh and walk with my friend into the bathroom, thinking that Atalaxia could use a great deal less tradition
in its daily practice.
Jackson's stomach grumbles as he
stares at the castle fortress that
stretches before him, perhaps a mile away, built high on a hill. But he ignores his body. Biological signals haven't been as pressing to him since he was a little boy and discovered that his magic kind of négates bodily demands He hasn't eaten in days but...whatever. He doesn't need to. 
Instead, all of his focus is on that fucking place.
That castle where they're keeping her - where they're keeping all of the Atalaxian royals. Or at least, where he thinks they're keeping her. They could, of course, have moved her by now but...
Why? Why do that, when this is the most protected place they have?
It's...impenetrable. Even from here t
Jackson can feel the magic
radiating off the place, though of course he can't see it. It is utterly protected, utterly controlled 
###Chapter 0810
Making it...utterly impossible to fulfill his mission. To go in there, and get his girl, and kill as many of them as necessary to get her back home where she'll be safe. To ensure they'll never come for her, ever again. Jackson sighs and hangs his head as he sinks to the ground in despair, wondering if he chose to sit down or if his knees just gave out. His butt hits hard, his long arms wrapping around his knees. Because he can intend to barge in there and grab her all he wants but...
God, he doesn't have any notion at all of how to do it. Now that he's finally here, staring at the fortress, his blood burning with the desire to tear it apart stone by stone to get in and grab Ariel and steal her back? He just...he has nothing.
Jackson hangs his head, dread running through him, wondering if this entire week of travel getting here has been a waste. Riding in the car with the guard to the border between Moon Valley and Atalaxia, where an ATV was waiting. And then climbing onto that ATV with only a backpack of supplies, setting out into the desert with nothing but determination to power him along the way. Barely sleeping, just riding, determined to get to her, to get here.
But now that he's here? Was it all a waste?
Probably. As much of a waste as he is.
God, he's so pathetic. He can't do anything to protect her - the one thing in the world that matters to him. At every turn, Jackson knows that he's failed her. He wasn't there when Gibson, of all pathetic people, very nearly cut her throat. And when Luca had marked her and left her trembling and bleeding, where had he been then?
And on the battlefield? When that creep had just appeared out of nowhere? What, Jackson couldn't get there fast enough?
He's failed her. Failed her, every time. Failed her. A failure.
Jackson's wolf howls softly, trotting an anxious circle around his heart, trying desperately to get him to see
it another way. Not your fault, his wolf huffs. You tried - you're trying -
But Jackson just roughly shakes his head, looking down at the Atalaxian soil, knowing that it's not true. That he can't protect her, and doesn't deserve her.
If only he could...get in. And try.
Jackson sighs, raising his head to glare at the castle, determination welling in him again. Because there has...there just has to be a way that he can do something. Anything.
Battling his frustration and guilt,
Jackson pushes himself to his feet, falling back on his lifelong training as a soldier when he has nothing else left. Quiet and precise, he goes through all of the supplies he packed with Ella, taking inventory. And then he sets up camp, putting up his little pup tent behind a hill where it can't be seen from anyone scrying from the castle's towers. He stashes away the little bag of food and supplies that Ella sent for Ariel once he gets her, and begins to roll out the tiny, compact sleeping bag that he'll use tonight when - Jackson gasps, his head spinning as he falls backwards out of the tent and scrambles to his feet. He's up in an instant, sprinting towards the top of the hill, desperate to see 
en FindNovel
QUMS
Because the magic he's felt radiating protection and invulnerability - it's - it's suddenly gone - And he - he can feel her - she's here, she's close, she's in that fucking castle. He knows it.
Ariel! Jackson screams out in his
mind, his heart pounding in his chest as his fingers stumble for the
binoculars around his neck. I'm here! I'm coming! I'm going to
help
you
I'm going to get you out of there -
Even as he shouts the words out in his mind, desperate for them to reach her, he raises the binoculars to
his eyes, focusing on the front of the castle where
His eyes go wide to see men in Moon Valley colors moving forward towards the door.
What...what the hell is going on? He scans their faces, desperate to see if he knows any of them, but... they're too far, it's too hard to tell.
Ariel! He shouts again in his mind. Tiny, I'm -
But his thoughts go blank the moment her voice forms in his mind.
###Chapter 0811
J-jacks? Ariel's voice whispers, desperate and unbelieving. Are you real? Am I imagining you?
A sob breaks from Jackson's throat as he falls to his knees. Ari, he says to her, his mental voice shaking, I'm coming
Baby, she says, the word short and scared. Sweetheart, don't - they'll kill you -
I'll fucking kill them! He shouts back.
Ridiculously - absurdly - wonderfully - she laughs. Jackson groans when he hears it, even just in his mind, his hand shaking as he raises it to cover his eyes.
Don't, Ari says again. Please - baby, I love you so much - just...stay close, okay? It's too dangerous right now. I don't know what's happening and we need a plan. We need -
But suddenly her words cut off. Jackson groans as he feels the protective magic slamming down over the castle, knowing that it's gone.
And he - he didn't even tell her that he loved her - which he does, of course he does, so much -
But she knows, right?
She knows, his wolf murmurs, pressing himself against Jackson's heart.
Shaking, Jackson raises the binoculars again, looking at the door.
But all the Moon Valley people have disappeared inside the castle.
"So that's it," he murmurs, hardly able to think for the emotion pounding through him - the wonder at being able to reach her in his mind, the horror at having her taken away again, the fear of what she's suffering in there if she's saying that it's too dangerous. But he forces himself to focus, to be useful. "So, they have to drop the magical wards to let anyone in or out..."
Jackson hums consideringly at this new knowledge, turning it over in his mind, wondering how he can use it to his advantage.
While in his soul, his wolf raises his snout to the air, letting out a long and desperate howl for his mate. Calling to Ariel, to her wolf.
Begging her to come home.
"This suuuucks," Mark murmurs, sprawled out over his father's
favorite arm chair in the living room, idly playing with the gold chain that his mom made him start wearing forbade him from ever taking off. Necklaces provided by the Goddess's Priestesses, apparently, to keep them from getting
kidnapped away to the Underworld
like Juniper was. 
All of the Sinclair kids have them now.
Rafe flicks his eyes up at Mark, a frown on his mouth. "Are you seriously complaining about being bored when your sisters have been kidnapped and their lives are at stake?"
Guilt races through Mark even as he lifts his head and frowns back at his brother. "Can't I be both?"
Rafe bares his teeth at his little brother, not in the mood for jokes.
Mark sighs, letting his head hang back. "Ariel would get it. She would laugh."
"Because Ariel is overindulgent with you," Rafe murmurs. "She loves everything her little pet puppy does." "Yeah," Mark sighs, staring at the ceiling. "I miss her."
And it's true. Even if he is bored, needing an outlet for his boundless energy even if his parents have put him on house arrest alongside all of his cousins, he does miss Ariel and he is worried for Juniper.
Well, maybe a little less for Juniper. He's a little more worried for anyone who has to deal with her in the Underworld, if he's being honest. Junie, when she's pissed off? Scary.
Mark and Rafe both start and turn to the door when it bangs open, his parents coming through - Dominic with long strides, Ella trotting determinedly to keep up with him.
"Don't you take that tone with me, Dominic Sinclair," Ella snaps, frowning up at her gigantic mate. Rafe and Mark both grimace when they realize that it's a fight another one. We've been over this. I did what I thought was right."
"Yes, Ella," Dominic says, casting a glare down at his little rose-gold mate. "You've made it quite clear that you acted with your whole heart when you made one of my most promising soldiers desert his position and go rogue
"Oh, you ass," Ella snaps, shaking her head as they reach the desk positioned before the sunny window. "You'll change your tune when Jackson brings our daughter home. Then you'll be 'oh, Ella, so wise,' and 'thank you, ělla!""
"Thank you, Ella," Dominic says, dry, turning his shoulder to her a bit as he picks up some documents from the table and pulls his phone from his pocket, beginning to start a call. е "Now please go away so I can marshal the rest of my resources. Unless you want to send these to Atalaxia too. What does your heart say?" 
###Chapter 0812
Ella just rolls her eyes at Dominic and moves away from her mate, stepping over towards her sons with a scowl on her face.
"Don't get a divorce," Mark mumbles, covering his eyes with his hand, miserable. "Dad will want to keep us for Midwinter and he'll be crap at presents. And the food."
"Oh, he's not getting rid of me that easily," Ella mumbles, bending over to press a kiss to Mark's head and then moving to sit with Rafe on the couch, ruffling her favorite's hair as she does. And in her heart Ella knows that it's true that she and Dominic are slightly at odds at the moment because she took control out of his hands, and he hates that. But their commitment to each other is far too deep to be truly disturbed by something like a disagreement about the placement of one soldier.
Even if Jackson was probably the most powerful soldier Dominic had.
But some instinct rings true in Ella's heart - she knows, is absolutely sure, that it was right to send Jackson on a solo mission and that Dominic would have fought her on it. She explained all of this and begged Dominic to trust her demi-goddess intuition, but that had just pissed him off more. So, here they are, a week later, still pissy with each other for the time being.
"Any updates?" Rafe asks, sitting up to look into his mother's face.
She nods, curling her legs up beneath her and pulling a pillow into her lap to hug to her chest. "We heard from the delegation that they'd arrived at the Atalaxian castle and made a successful plea for entrance. Roger had very cleverly put a few tiny cameras on a couple of the ambassadors so we could see what's going on within the palace, but as soon as they got in?" She shrugs. "The feeds went dead."
"Damn Atlaxians," Rafe growls, shaking his head. "They must have some kind of magic up."
Ella nods in agreement as Mark comes to sit by her side on the floor, wanting the closeness and affection. Ella gives it immediately, running a hand over his hair, petting her youngest son. "You're getting to big for this, Markie. Soon I'll have to stand on a stool to pet you."
"No," he murmurs, closing his eyes and leaning wolfishly into her hand. "I'm very tiny. Just small."
She laughs, continuing to stroke his dark hair, grinning as she runs her eyes over Mark's handsome face and tall body, which is growing large enough to give Rafe and Dominic and Jackson a run for their money.
"And Ben?" Rafe asks, glaring a little
at Mark for continuing to joke
around and not take this seriously t
vel
God, but he's been too much indulged, allowed to remain immature while even Junipergrew up. "Any word from him?" 
"Nothing in particular," Ella says, turning her eyes back to Rafe. "He's just one of the ambassadors, baby. We didn't send him in with any new technology or orders."
Rafe nods, looking down, because
he knows that's true. Ben begged to be one of the party going to Atalaxia. Rafe had argued against it, knowing that Ben is still young and
inexperienced and that the trip ion et
going to be very dangerous. There was one hell of a chance that all of the ambassadors would be
executed on sight. But Dominic had agreed, knowing that Ben knows Ariel better than the other ambassadors, that he might have some particular instinct about where she is or what she needs.
In the end, Rafe had lost the fight. And, potentially, another friend. He presses his eyes shut, worry
stacking up in his soul like bricks. One more person to worry about whether or not they're alive or dead...
Dominic snaps his phone shut and
crosses the room to join his family. "It was a miracle they were let in in the first place," he murmurs, looking distractedly out the window.l thought it was a longshot." 
Mark opens his eyes and looks up at his dad. "Then why do you think they let them in?"
Dominic shrugs. "Either they've got something up their sleeve, or..."
The family waits while Dominic just frowns, trying to find his words.
###Chapter 0813
Rafe sighs, frustrated and tired of waiting for his father to finish his sentence. "Or," he says, continuing where his dad left off, "Ariel did some serious damage to their forces in that battle before they took her, and Atalaxia is forced to treat with our ambassadors because they're no match for us in war. Or, they're buying time to rally their forces again."
Dominic turns his head to look at his son with pride, pleased that Rafe put that all together.
"Did Ariel really do that?" Mark asks, his eyes going wide.
"Yes," Ella murmurs, a bit of pride in her voice as she continues to pet Mark's hair. "Big Sis destroyed their entire air force and damaged a large portion of their ground troops and supplies."
"It's the reason why the physical battle has come to a grinding halt," Dominic says. "Ariel is...incredibly powerful, especially with Jackson at her side. If they hadn't managed to take her when they did, it's likely that she would have ended the war that night. Which is...insane.'
Mark shakes his head in disbelief even as Rafe nods, assured, guilt rolling through him. Because he should have protected her - both because she's his sister, and the best weapon they have to protect their people.
"So," Mark says, tilting his head back to look up at his father. "The war isn't going forward?"
"Not right now," Dominic says with a shrug. "We're in the rare position of having the tables turned for the moment, where our military has all the power. For now, they won't attack, because they now we'll take them out."
"So, why don't we just...go shoot all of them?" Mark asks, his face twisted with confusion. "Because they have my baby," Ella says, her voice soft. "And if we do, they might hurt her."
"Yeah, it's one hell of a stalemate," Dominic murmurs, running an anxious hand through his dark hair. "It's not a stalemate for long, though." Rafe murmurs, angry. His family turns to him with surprise. Rafe frowns around at all of them, not really understanding why they've let a week pass with Ariel in Atalaxian clutches. "Don't you guys get it? They're not just going to keep Ariel in a cage somewhere - they know what she can do."
"What are you saying, Rafe?" Mark asks.
"I'm saying," Rafe says, his teeth clenched, "that us biding our time like this just gives them more time to figure out how to control Ariel, how to use her as a weapon against us."
"But Ariel would never," Ella whispers, pressing a hand to her chest.
"No, Rafe is right," Dominic murmurs, shaking his head and looking down at his feet. "The Atalaxians have strong magic, just as we do. We have no idea what kinds of things they could turn Ariel towards." 
"Or," Rafe snarls, angry. "How long it will take them to do it."
"This way, please," the young Atalaxian man - a boy, really says, bowing deeply to the delegation from
Moon Valley. "It will be great pleasure to show you to your chambers."
Ben starts forward but Haversham, an old and experienced negotiator who is also their lead on this
mission, casts a hand to the side, blocking anyone from Moon Valley from stepping forward.
"I don't think so, young man,"
Haversham says, his voice deep and serious. "We will not be going anywhere without first speaking to someone of authority to begin our negotiation and set a schedule for future conversations." 
"Oh, I am so sorry," the boys says, bowing low again, his voice squeaky both with puberty and apology. "But I've only been given clearance to take you to your rooms.
Ben inhales a deep breath through his nose, considering this move on the Atalaxian part. They've been let inside the castle but have been greeted not by force or authority, but instead a single boy?
"Then we will stand here," Haversham says, crossing his arms. "And wait for someone with authority to appear."
The boy raises from his bow, looking
at Haversham with wide eyes. "Then I'm afraid you'll be waiting forever, sir," he says, shaking his head, worried. "This is as the King wills it. If you wish you may stay as long as you like in this chamber, but he will not meet you here." 
###Chapter 0814
Haversham and the boy stay silent, locked in a stalemate. Unlike Haversham, though, the boy fidgets and looks anxiously over his shoulder. "Please, sir," the boy says, true terror coming into his voice now. "I'll get in so much trouble if you don't let me take you to your rooms. It's my first day -"
Ben smirks a bit, finally seeing the plan now. That the Atalaxians have forced them into a situation where their choices are to do as they're told or play bully to a little boy. It's clever. Ben shifts his eyes to Haversham, curious about the choice he'll make.
"Fine," Haversham says, waving towards the boy and staring forward. Ben's smirk deepens because he knows Haversham by now, and knows that he didn't merely give in for the pity of some child. That he's simply consenting to play according to Atalaxia's rules a little longer. Their goal, after all, is to get in and have the conversation.
And so they must go deeper into the belly of the beast in order to reach those goals.
Ben is only mildly surprised when the little page leads them through the castle to a hallway with a long set of doors, beginning to bow and gesture to each door in turn, insisting that each of the Moon Valley ambassadors enter their individual room alone. But when they pass a few doors and Ben realizes that they're being separated from each other, each kept in individual rooms that probably lock from the outside, it becomes a bit clearer.
They're allowed to be here, but individual conversation is forbidden.
Yes, Ben thinks, running an anxious hand over his wolf's fur inside his soul. These Atalaxians, they are clever, aren't they?
Finally, it comes Ben's turn. He gives the page a little bow in turn as he steps through the bedroom door that's clearly for him. The page murmurs that he hopes that Ben will enjoy his stay before closing the door behind him.
The first thing that Ben does is try the handle on the door. As he predicted, it turns, but nothing unlatches. Yes, he is under Atalaxian control.
Sighing, Ben moves to the bed and awkwardly sits down, glancing around the fine but rather bland room as worry starts to curl in his chest. What...what the hell is he supposed to do if he's just... trapped in this room?
How is he going to find...her? Find...
Ben hangs his head, guilt rushing
-
through him at the secret he's been keeping deep in his heart. That he is here to help Ariel - of course he is and that's his first priority. But the entire time he was walking through the halls his wolf was
and forth in his soul, spining back
desperately trying to find him.
His mate.
His fucking mate.
for him,
Who is here → Ben knows he is – he can smell old stale sniffs of him everywhere, which indicates that he's been around but perhaps does not frequent this part of the palace very often. Which makes sense considering he's a god damn Atalaxian prince. 
But.....how on earth is Ben ever going to find him?
Ben falls back on his bed, covering his face with his hands and heaving a heavy sigh. Because he'd thought that this was all going to be a lot
easier a lot clearer once he got to
Atalaxia got into the palan 11
QUMS
But now that he's here, locked in this bedroom, all alone and completely without resources?
God, but Ben feels...just as lost as he has since the moment he heard that Ariel was taken. That she's gone.
Still, even as hopelessness threatens to overwhelm, Ben sets his heart to the task.
We're going to do it, his wolf growls, baring his teeth and prowling forward. We're going to find both of them and get them out of here.
"And take them home," Ben murmurs, nodding once, assured. "Home, where we can all live in peace."
###Chapter 0815
I spend a long, long time in the stupid purifying bath that Pippa drew for me. And I spend most of that time crying.
At first Pippa had been afraid when I had gasped, my hands slapping across my mouth, and instantly burst into tears. She had dashed to my side, desperate to help, but I had pushed her away - desperate to just concentrate on the voice echoing in my mind.
Because it had been Jackson - Jackson's voice in my head, echoing there, letting me know that he was near, somehow, by some miracle. And of course he'd wanted to barge right through these palace walls to get t to me - but it's too dangerous. My sweet, powerful mate will be instantly outmatched. Not even he can take on a whole castle, after all.
Just...the barest snatch of the conversation, and then his voice was gone as suddenly as it came. I had cried my little heart out then, sobbing into my hands. Pippa, darling that she is, simply ascribed my sadness to monthly hormonal issues and patted me on my shoulder before leaving the room, letting me have some time alone.
I let her think that I was just experiencing some weird PMS symptom, not wanting to explain. Because even as I'm coming to trust her and consider her a friend, I still think that her allegiances are to Atalaxia. And no one in Atalaxia really needs to know that my other mate is here.
But...where is here? Is Jacks...is he in the palace?
And why could I hear him, only for a moment?
Is he a part of the delegation that Moon Valley sent? I sink lower in my bath now that my tears have dried up. Idly, I blow bubbles in the cooling water, working hard to see all sides of this. But the more I think about it the more I realize that it would be ridiculous to send Jackson with a delegation of ambassadors. To begin with, he'd immediately stick out as a warrior amongst everyone else in the cohort. He's head and shoulders taller than anyone on ambassador track and he's built like someone sent to knock Atalaxian heads off their shoulders with a single blow.
And further, the Atalaxians know who he is and what he looks like. God, if they sent him disgused as an ambassador, he would be killed for certain, just as Gabriel promised he would be. Fear rushes through me but...
I mean, I think my family is clever enough to put all of that together...
Right?
God, I hope that they are.
But if not with the ambassadors...how is Jackson here? And why? Are there more troops surrounding the castle? My blood runs cold at the thought - at a mounting battle that could begin at any moment, and me here under Gabriel's spell unable to use my magic to aid anyone.
I scowl, lifting my pruney finger out
of the water and sighing as I look again at Jackson's lovely mini mark. My little piece of him that I get to carry forever. I smile a little, remembering the day he gave it to me, the feel of his sharp canine against my skin. A little shiver runs through me from head to foot. 
God, I miss him so much. My sweetheart mate. All brutal and broody and wonderful. If I ever get out of here, the entire world is going to be hard pressed to pry me from his side for a single damn moment.
I sigh then, forcing my own brooding
temper aside and pushing myself up to sit higher in the water. Because the key element in that wonderful plan is to get out of here, and I'd better
er start thinking seriously about how 'm going to do that. I climb out of the tub, quickly toweling off before wrapping myself in one of the elaborate robes that Pippa keeps stocked in here, tying it in a knot around my waist. 
Instead of moving to the vanity pressed against the far wall and beginning to comb my hair, though, I cross my arms over my chest and look around the room, frowning, wondering at the possibilities here. Because I've spent a great deal of time in the Land of Darkness now, encaged. And I'm starting to wonder...
Idly, I move to the far corner of the wall and press my hands against it, looking up at where walls meet the ceiling.
And then I shift, everything falling backwards in that disorienting way, before my feet hit hard in the dirt in that dark world. I grimace, a little, that I didn't think to put on a set of my slippers. But, whatever - because the results of my experiment intrigue me a great deal more than keeping my feet clean.
What is truly interesting here is that my hands aren't pressed up against the bars of the cage as they were against the walls of the room they're actually sticking through the bars. grimace a little, wondering if the bars would like...impale me, if I accidentally shifted from the other realm into this one directly where they are. 
###Chapter 0816
Slowly, I draw my arms back, making a mental note to be very careful. But even as I take a step backwards towards the center of the cage, I begin to put together the idea that...however Gabriel made these cages, he wasn't absolutely precise with his measurements. Instead, the cage is just...slightly smaller than the room itself. Quietly, I move around the cage, shifting back and forth between the cage and the bathroom, incredibly careful not to manifest in a weird spot.
Once I mess up and end up actually sitting in the sink instead of standing before it - but at least I didn't appear with the sink halfway through my torso or something.
But once I've made a lap of the room, I'm fairly sure of it - that Gabriel was very good at ensuring that the cage was almost precisely the size of my room - just...a little smaller. And so I shift again, going back to the Land of Darkness and pressing my face to the bars, looking beyond them.
And then I smile, because even though Gabriel was careful to build me a very precise little cage here, it's clear to me that he was sloppy elsewhere.
The more I look I see that there is indeed a wide fence all around the entire area that probably represents the outer expanse of the castle walls, so that try as I might, I can't leave the castle.
But inside all of that? Oh, there are more cages, probably serving a dozen purposes I don't understand. But they are much larger. Which means if I can just get out of this one...
Well, damn it, why not take advantage of the situation while I can? Before Gabriel locks me up even more? Because some of my people are here now, and I need to find them and get some answers. And there's surely no better time than now.
I grin, shifting back to my world and immediately moving for the door. On my way, I slip my dirty feet into a
set of cozy slippers and grab a bottle of liquid floral soap off of a shelf on the wall.
"Pippa?" I call towards the door. "I - I don't feel so good..."
Then, grimacing a little, I pull the top off the soap and pour it into my mouth.
I retch instantly at the taste and dash to the sink to spit it out. It's nothing toxic - I checked all of the ingredients of everything in this room to ensure there was nothing useful to me - but it sure tastes disgusting.
I spit the soap into the sink, gripping the edge, my stomach visibly heaving as Pippa calls my name, opening the door.
Her gasp is very gratifying as she rushes to me, even if the disgusting taste of the soap still coats my tongue. I gag again at the taste of it.
"Oh my god, Ariel!" Pippa gasps, her hands tight on my shoulders. "What's wrong?"
"Pippa," I moan, shaking my head as I turn towards her, probably over-doing the acting a little bit as I do my best to appear incredibly ill. "Please something is wrong 
—
en FindNovel
CUMS
"What is it!?" she gasps, getting herself under my shoulder and helping me hobble towards the main
room.
"My stomach," I moan, shaking my head. "Something's wrong!"
She begins to turn me towards my bed but I vehemently shake my head, moving us towards the door. "Oh, Ariel, you should lay down - we'll get the doctor to come -"
"No," I cry, letting my shoulders tremble. "No time - Pippa - you have to take me to the doctor-right now!"
I allow myself to stumble dramatically over my own feet.
Pippa cries out in fear but goes with
me, her worry for me over-reaching her senses and any orders that Gabriel has given her. Because have never, ever been allowed to leave the room with anyone but
Gabriel at my side. 
But my friend hauls the door open and steps out with me, looking up into my face with worry and fear.
As soon as we step into the hall I straighten up my faux aches and pains immediately gone, even if I do still have a nasty soapy taste in my mouth And then I step away from her side - not wanting to push her, but definitively needing space. 
She stares at me in shock.
"Sorry, Pips," I say, heaving a little shrug. "I hope I don't get you in trouble."
And then I shift to the other world, and the freedom it offers.
###Chapter 0817
A little thrill goes through me as I look around the Land of Darkness and realize that I am, for the first time in weeks, outside of my stupid little cage. I glance back at the little nest of pillows and blankets that I left there - that I usually sleep in at night - and a laugh bubbles out of my throat. Because I'm free - at least for now - and I'm going to get some damn answers.
I turn to my left and stride away along the distance that I think is the hall I've walked down a couple of times at Gabriel's side. I go to where I think the end should be and look left and right, trying to remember the layout of the castle. To the right is the more public parts of the palace - meeting rooms and all that - but to the left...
I take a deep breath and just go for it, knowing that experimentation is my best chance here. I stride forward a little more, reveling at the relative freedom, and then shift back to Atalaxia to see if I've made any progress.
A footman carrying a try about ten feet away from me shrieks and jumps straight in the air when I appear, staring at me like I'm a ghost. I grin at him and looking around, quite pleased to realize that I calculated correctly and am indeed in another hallway - one I haven't been in before - that leads away from the public parts of the castle.
I turn a bit, recognizing the panicked shouts somewhere around where my room should be, and laugh as I turn back to the hall - taking in the relative length and disappear again.
Then, in the Land of Darkness, I run forward, delighted as I go, desperate to get to the end of the hall. I meet another iron fence but barely notice it, flashing back to Atalaxia, stepping a few feet forward to the point where I'm beyond the iron fence, and then flashing back to Darkness and starting to run again.
I get the hang of it all fairly quickly, negotiating the palace, flashing back every time I need a point of reference for where I am, and starting to move quickly. I grin as I go, knowing this is going to piss Gabriel off a great deal and glad of it.
I get a great deal of pleasure from pissing him off. Because he deserves it.
By the time ten minutes has passed, I've made good distance in the castle and have learned a few very interesting things. First, that I actually Cannot transition back to Atalaxia at a place where there's a wall try to shift, but it just feels likest hit something quite solid and bounce back to Darkness, But all I have to do is step a bit to the side into an empty space and it works just fine. 
The second thing that I learn is that I cannot shift to different floors in Atalaxia, though it doesn't make much sense to me why I can't. But once I realize this, I make quite a bit of stir when I dash barefoot and in a dressing gown down a servant's stair. Servants gasp and step eagerly out of my way, staring as I go, though none touch or try to stop me. 
St
The third thing I put together is that I have very little time before the Atalaxian royals figure out that I'm loose and come after me in full force. don't know if Pippa is simply keeping my secret or hasn't found Gabriel yet, but I'm sure my freedom is limited. 
So I exhale quickly and get to work, flashing from world to world, working hard to locate my people. Finally, I find a long stretch of quiet hallway all with closed doors. It's not the first I've found like this, but the others didn't turn up anything useful.
Still, I have to try. I step up to one door and put my hands against it, flashing into the Land of Darkness and taking three steps forward and then flashing back to Atalaxia.
I find myself immediately in a guest bedroom - this one occupied. The aforementioned guest gasps in shock to find me suddenly standing in his room.
I stare at him for a second as he sits frozen on his bed, papers spread out all around him, just staring at me like I'm a mirage. But then my face breaks into a smile.
###Chapter 0818
"Oh, hi!" I gasp, delighted, stepping forward towards him. "You're one of ours! I know you! Yes, I'm so sorry - I forget your name -"
"Princess," the man breathes, his eyes wide and unblinking. And then he scrambles to his feet, reaching for me. "Oh my god, Princess -"
"Hi!" I say again, laughing, reaching for his hands. "Please - I don't think I have a lot of time - is everyone at home okay? Is Jackson here?"
"Your family is fine - J-Jackson? Do you mean Jackson McClintock, Prince Rafe's friend from school?" His face twists in confusion and I realize, of course, that he has no idea that Jacks is much more to me than he is to my brother.
I smile as I nod eagerly. "Yes, is he part of your delegation?"
"No, highness," the man says, clinging to my hand and bowing. "The only one of Rafe's friends who came as part of the delegation was Benjamin Ternicki -"
"Ben?" I breathe, my eyes wide. Then I snap my head around like he's in the room and I've somehow missed him. "Where is he!?"
The man stumbles something out about Ben being somewhere else along this hall and, quite rude in my haste, I immediately slip away to the other world. The next few minutes are hasty as I appear in room after room - usually just flashing to see who is there - but again and again it's not him, until -
Until I appear in the sixth room, and there he is, sitting at a desk, an Atalaxian cookie on the way to his mouth as he reaches for a cup of coffee.
I just stare at him, shocked and thrilled.
The little cookie falls from Ben's fingertips.
Simultaneously Ben and I cry out, leaping for each other, and a moment later I'm in his arms, laughing even as tears spring to my eyes as Ben pulls me close to his chest.
"God damn it, Ariel, you scared the hell out of me -"
"Benny!"
"You are so weird - how did you appear out of nowhere!? Why are you all wet?"
"Um...blessed by the God of Darkness as a baby or something," I murmur, taking a deep breath of his lovely, familiar scent. "Also, I just got out of the bath."
"Oh my god, Ari, you're so weird!"
"Benny - it's so good to see you -"
"Ari," he growls, tucking his head down against mine. "I was so worried about you - we all were - your family is freaking out -"
I push away a little, looking up into his face. "Jackson's not with you? One of the delegation?"
He looks at me, a little confused, and then shakes his head. "No, why?"
I sigh, shrugging, not understanding. "Because he's here, Ben - I heard him, via the mate mindspeak or whatever - just for a moment. But he's here!"
"It must have been when we came in," Ben murmurs, looking anxiously towards the door even as he keeps his arms around me. "I think they had to drop whatever these wards are for a second so we could pass." 
I nod eagerly. "That makes sense. That's all Prince Gabriel - Calvin's son -"
"Your mate?" Ben asks, turning back to me, a skeptical eyebrow raised.
"Yes," I groan, falling against him again. "That's...unfortunately real. Did they splash that all over the press?
"They sure did," Ben murmurs, stroking my back.
"Did Jackson flip?"
"He was... weirdly cool about it," Ben sighs. "Or at least that's all I saw before your mom snuck him out of the palace on some insane solo mission -" 
"What?" I gasp, pulling back again and staring up into his face.
Ben smiles down at me, a great deal of love in his eyes. "Jackson came for you Ari - all alone. Your mom helped. Whatever he's doing and however he got here - it's just...all him. Coming to get you." 
My heart swells at this even as I shake my head, my worry for him increasing. But...I can't worry about that now. Now I have to concentrate on Ben.
###Chapter 0819
"Please," I say, stepping away from Ben and smoothing my hands over my dressing gown. "I don't have a long time and they certainly can't find me here. What are you ambassadors doing here? How can I help?" "We came under the veil of peace talks, or at least a ceasefire," Ben says, stepping forward towards me. "But Ari..." he glances around, as if worried the room might be bugged. I wave him forward and he steps close, cupping his hand to my ear and whispering quickly that the real plan is to find a way to get me out of here, and to break down whatever forcefield is around the palace, to cripple the Atalaxians in whatever way they can.
"Wow," I whisper, staying close to Ben and looking up into his face. "Dad is...pissed, isn't he?"
Ben smiles, laughing a little. "An understatement, Princess." He continues to keep his voice low. "But he's also taking advantage of the fact that you crippled the hell out of Atalaxia in that battle. They've been hemming hawing, buying time, to regroup and rebuild. Your dad and Roger want this done now, to
strike while the iron is hot. If there's anything you can do..."
I nod, wringing my hands anxiously, considering this. Because if the thing in the way of my father's plans
is Gabriel then...then I guess it's time for me to take out Gabriel.
Something I've been turning over in my mind all week but...
Is it even possible? God, if I only had something mildly toxic...
"Do you have a plan?" I whisper, all hushed, whipping my face back up to him. "To get us out, if we can... lower that magical protective barrier?"
Ben hesitates. "We do, but..." he shrugs. "It would all happen very fast. We need...we need to be quite careful, Ari."
I nod, understanding, anxiety churning within me even as I nod.
"Ari," he snaps, reaching out and grabbing my arm, even - I think - despite his intentions to do so.
"Please, is..." Ben just shakes his head, unable to ask the question I can tell his wolf his howling for him
to utter.
"Elias is wonderful," I say, my face breaking into a smile. A groan slips from Ben's mouth and his eyes flutter shut, As Ben takes a long, deep breath I'm quite struck, actually, by the fact that Ben's reaction to the news that Elias is safe is quite similar to Elias's own. But then I remember Pippa. "Benny, it's more complicated than you think -" 
He opens his eyes and frowns down at me.
But before I can continue, there's a clatter out in the hall.
"I have to go," I whisper, stepping away from him. "I probably won't be able to come back like this - I'll be
in trouble. Oh, and if you see me again, don't be surprised at all if I act just...very different."
Ben smiles and nods, letting me know he understands.
"I love you, Benny," I say, pressing my hands to my chest. "Just pretend everything is normal and that you didn't see me."
He nods, bending down to snatch his cookie off the floor. "You got it."
"Oh Ben, don't eat that," I sigh, sticking my tongue out a little. "Just get a new one." He's still laughing as I disappear into that other world.
Immediately when my feet hit the dirt in the Land of Darkness, I start to run. I just turn and dash, rather desperate, for the furthest edge of the cage Not because I want to escape bizarrely, now, that is the last thing on my mind. But just because I need an excuse for being outside of my room and do not, at all, want Gabriel thinking that I am anywhere near Ben and the
delegation from Moon Valley. 
ve
To my surprise, it's fairly easy to reach the furthest edge of the cage, the one that surrounds the entire border of the castle. I begin to run alongside it searching for any flaws in the structure that might be useful to me, thankful suddenly to Rafe and Jesse for torturing me every morning for the past few months. Interestingly, I do pass two gates which open out into the Land of Darkness - presumably the sort of place where Gabriel brought me into the castle after driving me here in that weird little cart - but they're so locked up with chains that they don't present any immediate solutions. 
###Chapter 0820
I make it about a mile around the perimeter when suddenly I hear my name shouted angrily in the air. I spin immediately towards Gabriel, knowing that it's him - that it can only be him. I was expecting him eventually, after all. For a second I consider flitting back to the Castle and evading him more but...no. It's not necessary. This encounter is going to happen, and I don't need any more information within the Castle to elongate the chase.
He's still quite a distance away, though, so I turn and keep running, both to keep up my fa?ade of trying to escape as well as to put him through his paces a bit. Gabriel - he's annoying, and I think I'm fitter than him, so the more I can make him work to catch me the better.
It doesn't last long, though. I never had a chance - as with Rafe and Jesse and Luca and Jacks, I can't outrun those long Alpha legs. Plus, I am wearing slippers, which are very impractical for running. "Ariel!"
Gabriel snatches my arm, pulling me backwards to him, snarling with his rage.
"Let me go!" I shout, trying to rip my arm from his grip.
"God damn it, Ariel!" he shouts, smacking me hard across the face. I gasp, a hand flying to my cheek as I glare up at him.
"Stop doing that, you fucking coward!"
"Stop being disobedient, you tiny whore -"
I narrow my eyes. "How dare you. How dare you speak to me like that. How dare you hit me."
"You are my Luna," he growls,
leaning dangerously close, his
canines elongated and ready to bite. "You will do as I say and obey me. flinch back despite myself, knowing that he's lost his tempter enough now to be dangerous, and with his wolf corrupted by darkness he's doubly unpredictable. 
Still, I push, knowing that my only chance to keep his mind off of whatever I was really doing outside of
my room is to distract him. "Why would I obey a pathetic little Beta prince like you," I hiss, stepping forward like I'm the one in charge.
He flinches at this, his pride clearly hurt. God, it's just...too easy to see the flinty chips in his fa?ade.
"You want your Luna to obey?" I ask, my voice dripping with
condescension. "Then be a real Alpha and give me a reason to want
to obey you. You're pathetic, Gabriel
—
- you're so weak that you need to cage your Luna instead of giving her areason to want to stand by your side. And you can't even Build the cage right." 
I turn away from him, intending to stalk away.
But he just grabs me back and hits me again, this time not with his open hand. I moan a little as my head snaps to the side, as I stumble a few steps, seeing stars. I lift my hand to my jaw where pain blooms, moving it experimentally, hoping to my grandmother the Goddess that it hasn't cracked.
"You will obey," Gabriel snarls, grasping my arm and pulling me close again. "Or god damn it, I'll make you."
He moves fast, then, ducking low to throw me over his shoulder, and I do nothing to protest. I'm distracted
by the pain but also - honestly - he's taking me back to the room, which is where I wanted to go anyway. I have plans to make, after all.
The blue light manacles appear on
my wrists as Gabriel strides back in the direction of my cage, and I bounce so roughly against my mate that it makes me suddenly aware of how gentle Jackson always was with me. After all, he's carried me over his shoulder like this
thousand times. And even when I was bleeding from an arrow in my gut, I'd swear I was more comfortable than I am right now. 
God, but my new mate sucks. I scowl, wishing heartily for my Jacks, but knowing that I have a long way to
go before I can get back to him.
###Chapter 0821
Mark stays close at Rafe's heels as he storms through the palace. Rafe glances back over his shoulder with a frown.
"You can go, Mark," Rafe snaps, annoyed. "You've got your stupid protection necklace. No one's going to snatch you away."
"I can't go, Rafe," Mark snaps back, surprising Rafe by how much his brother's voice matches his own these days, in timbre as well as snappiness. "Mom says you have to babysit me, so here I am. Waiting to be sat."
Rafe turns and gives Mark a little shove on his shoulder. "Would you take this seriously for one minute!?" "I am taking this seriously!" Mark snarls, casting one hand out to the side. "Do you think this is easy for me, being forced to tail along with you even though I'm useless? Do you think I'm not worried about Jesse and June and Ariel!?"
Rafe growls, because he knows his brother is. "Yeah, well, you could make fewer jokes. Or you could try harder to learn how to do something -"
"I'm not good at this stuff, Rafe," Mark growls, hanging his head a little. "Not like the rest of you are." Rafe closes his mouth at that, looking at the shame on his little brother's face. Because it's true - Mark has always had more trouble with self-discipline than he and Ari and Juniper have. Mark is...easily distracted and doesn't respond to the pleasures of hard work and achievement like the rest of them do. Rafe's wolf bites him, hard, on the inside. You need to be kinder.
Rafe sighs and nods, knowing that he's right. It's just...god, he's so angry these days.
But...taking it out on Mark is not okay.
"I'm sorry," Rafe says, rueful, stepping closer to Mark. "I'm being a jerk. It's...good to have you here." "You're lying," Mark murmurs, scuffing his foot against the floor. "You don't like me. You don't want me around. Only Ariel does."
"I like you, Mark," Rafe says on a sigh, utterly truthful. He does like Mark he just...god, he hasn't made a lot of space in his life for his little brother, has he? "Come on, walk with me, not behind. Mom sent both of us on this task, not just me."
Mark lifts his head a little, a smile pulling at one corner of his lips. And then he nods, the two brothers starting off down the hall until they push through a door into a wide room full of computers and papers and mail.
And at the center of it all stands Luca Grant, who looks up at them, his face very exhausted and serious.
"Hey, Luca!" Mark calls, striding
forward with his hand out to clasp the boxer's, Rafe scowls a little, thinking that Mark's a bit of a traitor for accepting Luca back into his heart as easily as Ella did. Rafe and Dominic are...not there yet. 
"Hi," Luca says, smiling warmly at Mark and shaking his hand before turning to Rafe, his face becoming more serious. "Um, hey. Rafe."
"Grant," Rafe says, tucking his hands behind his back and speaking quite formally. "Mom sent us to check in on things here, to see if any information has come forward."
"Um, not that I've seen," Luca says, running his hand through his hair and looking around at the chaos of the mail room, where people are rushing to answer phones and check emails and sort
thal
great deal of mail. They set up a tip line for any information and a
great deal has been coming through, not much of it useful. "It's...a lot, but we're managing to get through it." 
Rafe had been surprised when his father had accepted Luca's offer to help. Rafe had been snarling at Grant the moment Ella brought him into the room, ready to rip his head off. Despite Ella's calm assurance that Luca wanted to help, Rafe just couldn't get the mental image of Ariel bleeding and crying in Ben's arms on Luca's bedroom floor out of his mind. 
But Dominic, even if he'd been equally enraged, had accepted the offer of help. "We need every competent man at his moment," Dominic had snarled at Rafe's protest, baring his teeth at his son, letting him know that the issue was decided.
But to Rafe's relief, Luca had been banished away from the family to this job. An important job, but certainly one where Rafe didn't have to interact with him much.
Until, of course, his mother kept finding pale excuses to send Rafe down here, eager for the two to find common ground.
"Can I help with anything?" Mark asks, moving around Luca's desk and beginning to sort through some of the messages.
"Some personal things came through for your mom and dad," Luca says, friendly, handing Mark some folded pieces of paper and envelopes. "You could take these up."
"You did security sweeps on those?" Rafe snaps, lifting his chin at the mail. "Ensured it was all safe?" Slowly, Luca turns his eyes to his former friend. "You know I did, Rafe."
Rafe bares his teeth a bit. "Yeah, well, I'm not sure I really trust your word when you say you're committed to keeping the royal family safe."
Luca drops his head, ashamed, knowing that there's nothing he can say to make it better. That Rafe is right - no matter his reasons for it, he did leave Ariel alone and vulnerable.
Mark looks anxiously between the two, torn. Because even if he is of course on his family's side...his heart goes out to Luca, who looks so forlorn, and is trying so hard to make amends.
###Chapter 0822
"All right," Rafe snaps, nodding to Mark. "Anything else, Luca?"
"Um, just this missive," Luca says, reaching for a pink scrap of paper on the desk. "From that Hank guy - letting your mom know that he's coming in via helicopter tomorrow with a report on The Community - that place Jackson is from. He says he's hoping he'll be able to have an audience with her, but he
understands if she's busy."
Rafe rolls his eyes a little and takes the piece of paper. "I can't believe Hanks asking for that at a time like this," he murmurs, tucking it into his pocket. "But mom will make space for him. She always does."
He turns away, waving to Mark to come with.
"Rafe!" Luca calls out behind him as the Sinclair boys move towards the door.
Rafe sighs, but turns.
"Please," Luca says, holding out a pleading hand. "Can we talk? I'm - I'm so sorry, man -"
"You know, things might have been different," Rafe interrupts, harsh. "If you'd been there on that
battlefield? If you'd been holding her hand, like Jackson was?" Rafe shakes his head, anger welling in him.
Luca takes a deep breath, dropping his eyes and leaning hard against the desk in front o fhim.
"We can talk when she comes back, alive and safe," Rafe snaps, turning away. "Until then, I don't have a god damn thing to say to you."
He strides from the room.
Mark hesitates for a second, looking between Luca and the door, worried and torn. Because...even though Rafe is right, Mark's wolf scratches at the dirt of his soul, urging him to realize that somehow Rafe is being unfair. That Luca could have helped - but his presence on the battlefield...
Would it truly have prevented Ariel from being taken?
But whatever the answer is - if there even is one - Mark turns to follow Rafe, knowing that even if he is being unfair, Rafe is still his brother. And his allegiances, always, are with his family.
"See you soon, Luca," Mark calls to the boxer as he goes, feeling sorry for him.
"Yeah, you too, Mark," Luca murmurs. After a second of standing very still he sighs, getting back to work. Gabriel shifts us back into the hallway outside my door, which is bustling with people. Gasps echo around us as Gabriel angrily shoves open my bedroom door, striding into the room and slamming it shut behind him.
Two more gasps sound as Gabriel strides across the room and tosses me hard on the bed.
"Oh, Ariel," Pippa moans, dashing immediately for me.
But Gabriel steps in front of her, blocking her hard with his arm. "You will leave my Luna where she is, Pippa," Gabriel snarls. "Especially considering that it was you who let her out."
"Don't you dare touch Pippa," Elias snarls, stepping forward and grabbing Gabriel's arm, hauling him away. "That is my fucking Luna, who is carrying my child."
I snarl at Gabriel, sitting up on the bed and pushing myself back so that my back is against the cushions and the headboard. "Leave Pippa out of this," I snap. "She didn't do anything. I tricked her so I could escape."
Elias steps close to Pippa, wrapping her up in his arms, looking anxiously between Gabriel and I.
"You think I am a fool, Ariel,” Gabriel snarls, stepping closer to me and leaning over the bed to glare into my eyes. "You thought that you could go flitting around the castle as much as you wanted, and that as long as caught you running around the exterior fence in the Dark Lands that I'd think you were trying to escape. I know you went for the
ambassadors. I know you spoke
with one of them, or else you'd never have gotten to that part of your plan." 
Inwardly, I curse my grandmother for giving me a mate who's not only completely evil but smart enough to
see through my plans. God, couldn't she at least have been cool and given me a dummy?
"You have embarrassed me for the last time," Gabriel growls, leaning closer and raising his hand, the threat to strike me real. I lean away, genuinely afraid, my hand going to my jaw. Because if he hits it again – I don't think it would stay intact - 
"Gabriel!" Elias barks out, horrified.
d
Gabriel stays his hand, but doesn't take his eyes from me. “I have important things in the works tonight. And you will fall in line, Princess, and be the utter picture of what an Atalaxian Luna is meant to be when I bring you out in public this evening." 
I stare up at him, hate in every line of my face.
"And if you don't," Gabriel says, quite soft. "I will not only beat you until your entire body is black and blue
- but I will kill each and every one of those Moon Valley ambassadors in front of your eyes. One by one. Is that clear?"
He snarls once more before he turns and stalks from the room, leaving me panting with fear.
"Oh, Ariel," Pippa whispers, climbing onto the bed and scooting close to me. "Oh, darling, are you okay?" But I can barely pay attention to her ministrations as I shift my eyes to Elias.
He looks at me, terrified, a silent question on his face.
I just nod, slight enough that Pippa doesn't notice my confirmation.
That Ben is here with the Ambassadors. And because of my actions today, his life is on the line.
###Chapter 0823
Pippa and Elias argue quietly for a few moments at the center of the room as I quietly work my jaw back and forth, attempting to ease the pain as I go over my options in my mind. I pick up on about half of their words - Pippa's insistence that I absolutely cannot go to anything tonight since my confinement is started, Elias's counter that if I don't go, Gabriel will see it as subterfuge and find a way to punish me for it.
I only really snap back to the moment when Elias murmurs his farewells and storms from the room, pulling the door shut hard behind him.
I look up to see Pippa standing with her hands on her cheeks, looking anxiously at the door after her Alpha.
"Is he okay?" I ask, dropping my hands to my lap. "Are...are you?"
Pippa quietly turns to me, her eyes moving slowly over me. "He's fine, he's just...worried." Her voice is soft, motherly, used to taking care. It doesn't pass me that she ignores my question regarding her own welfare as she moves to my side. "Are you all right, darling?"
"I'm fine," I say, taking her hand as she crawls onto the bed next to me. "I'm so sorry, Pippa, if I got you in trouble."
"Oh, they were fools to make me your jailer anyway," she says, smiling a little as she squeezes my hand looks at me with those pretty brown eyes. "I was never one to keep things caged. But Ariel - it's important to me that you know that whatever you've heard about Atalaxia and the way women live here...it's never okay for an Alpha to hit his Luna. That is...that is not all right."
My eyes fill a bit with tears - both at the pain in my face and the fact that this is what this sweet girl is worrying about right now.
"I'm glad that's true," I whisper.
She shakes her head, her eyes moving to my jaw, and she grimaces - which lets me know that a bruise is probably forming. "I hope you hit him back."
A little laugh bursts from me. "I didn't get the chance. Though trust me, if I could have, I would've."
Pippa gives me a smile and then, to my surprise, asks me if I'm up for another bath. When I ask her what on earth for just got out of the last one - she laughs and tells me that I rather ruined that by getting all covered in dirt from the Land of Darkness. "Plus," she adds with a sigh, "the confinement bath is all
lavender, which is supath is all
to be a message to anyone who happens to smell you to leave you alone. Because your month has...begun. So," she sighs. "We have to find a way to get you...un-lavendered, if Gabriel is going to insist on you being in public tonight."
“Oh goodness,” I sigh, pulling myself out of bed and following her to the bathroom. "If you say so, Pip."
She gives me a small smile that lets me know her worries aren't totally gone and gets to work again filling. the bath and moving to the wall of scented soaps and oils, picking out something that will sufficiently cover the lavender scent. She also pulls a bell rope on the wall, which I know orders up a tray of tea when pulled. 
I just stand by the tub, letting her work, thinking that Atalaxians spend a great deal of time in the bath. My mind drifts, then, to the big tub in our Alpha Academy bathroom. And the rain shower next to it. And to being in that rain shower, with Jackson, his skin flush against mine... 
"Ariel?"
I jump a little and then blush as I see Pippa peering at me curiously, the bathtub completely full.
###Chapter 0824
"Sorry," I murmur, untying my robe and letting it slip from my shoulders. "I got...distracted." Pippa turns slightly to give me some privacy I don't need - Moon Valley wolves don't tend to be shy about nakeness, even if Atalaxian ones do - as I slip into the bath.
When I slip under the water, opaque with bath salts and oils and bubbles and soap, Pippa turns back to me and sits on a stool at my side, handing me shampoos and conditioners and more soaps as I go through the process of bathing, keeping me company as much as she's helping me.
"Did you know," Pippa says, her voice a bit distracted and dreamy as she leans against the side of my tub, "what Gabriel meant, when he said he wants you to be the perfect picture of an Atalaxian Luna tonight?"
I shrug a little, looking at her with interest as I rinse shampoo from my hair. "I mean, I think I know. But... I'm not sure I do. Not really."
"I'm not sure he knows either," she says, turning to look at me, her face more serious than I've seen it before. "I'm not sure any of them do.
I stop moving my hands, letting them fall into the water. "What do you mean?"
"We spent a lot of time on a country estate when we were children," Pippa says, looking away again, surprising me with this turn in the story. "It belonged to my uncle - my mother's favorite brother. He never took a Luna." She shrugs. "Some don't. Perhaps there aren't enough perfect Luna's for all the Alphas who are left wanting."
She smiles a little and then scoots her stool back, taking a little cup off of the back of the tub and filling it. I tilt my head back as she pours the water over me, beginning to rinse the rest of the shampoo out of my hair like I'm a child.
"But we had a very idyllic childhood
there," she continues. "We spent a great deal of time wandering through the meadows, and making up stories in the mountains, and building forts up in trees or beneath them. There was a great deal of freedom to that life which think we all lost when we came back to the Castle for the winters. And when we started living here forever."
I listen carefully, still confused, as Pippa puts the cup back onto the edge of the tub and takes up the
conditioner, quietly beginning to massage it into my hair.
"My uncle, he never came with us to
the Castle," Pippa says quietly. "I think he would have missed the freedom too much. He had a very special friend there, you see - his gamekeeper. He raised my uncle's hounds, and tended his horses. He was a very nice man - always with a ready smile. I haven't seen him in years. Duck in, darling, and run your hands through your hair, please. It's
—
faster that way." 
I glance at Pippa, wordless, and then does as she says, ducking under the water. As I float beneath the water, running my fingers through my hair, I wonder if...
...god, is Pippa telling me the story I think she's telling me? Or...
Breathless for want of information and, indeed, air, I resurface. She's waiting for me, a towel in hand, and
she gives me a gentle smile as she offers it to me so that I can pat my face dry.
"You see," Pippa says, quiet soft and
fond, "Gabriel doesn't understand
that that's the true role of an
Atalaxian Luna - seeing more than - they think we see, and keeping men's secrets to ourselves. Tucking them away to deep that they don't even know that we know. Elias - as good to me as he is...he doesn't know either. What it is Atalaxian
Lunas hold for our men. What we
know." 
###Chapter 0825
I turn to her suddenly, shocked. Because...
"Yes, Ariel," Pippa says quietly, taking the towel back from me. "I know. I've known...for a very long time. I notice everything about my Alpha's life, and the way he loves me, and the way he...looks at others. And I noticed when he came home from his trip to Moon Valley at Midwinter that...everything had changed." I continue to just stare at her, not really knowing what to say, my face slack.
"Don't pity me, darling," she says quietly, reaching out to stroke my cheek. "I have a better Alpha than most. He keeps my secrets too."
"You have secrets?" I whisper.
She nods a little. "Gabriel and Elias taught me to read when we were children, which they ardently were not supposed to do. And... Elias gave me this baby," she says, looking down at her belly and putting her hands on either side of it. "Even though we've never lain together."
I stare at her in shock. "Is it...that's his baby though, right?"
She looks up at me with a wide grin. "Yes, Ariel, I'm not a complete harlot. We were just...creative," she says, laughing and looking away with embarrassment. "With the transfer of the seed." She blushes a deep red. "Though, I hope that if you're in training to be a perfect Atalaxian Luna that you will...help me by keep that secret as well. As well as the others, which I know you hold."
I shake my head in wonder at my friend. Because who knew that she had so many secret hopes and dreams beneath that calm and sweet demeanor? Especially those that her own culture would see as acts of sin and blasphemous betrayal, desires worthy of death.
"Pippa," I say quietly, reaching to cover her hand with my own. "Why are you telling me all of this?"
"Because I want you to know my secrets, Ariel, she says quietly, turning her head back to me. "So
Alpha's
that you'll tell me who
mate is, if you know. And so that...when I ask you when you're planning to escape from all of this, you'll trust me enough to tell me the truth. And so that you'll take me with
you when you go. And this little
baby. And Elias as well."
I stare at Pippa, shocked at the depths she's revealed. Because, I mean, I never thought her truly stupid -
just incredibly innocent - but...
Damn, did she have me fooled.
"Well shoot, Pippa," I murmur,
smiling at her a little as I shake my head and squeeze her hand. "With the ability to maintain a life-long poker face and keep secrets like that we'll have a role for you in Espionage unit at Alpha Academy whenever you want it." 
She stares at me in shock for a moment before we both burst into laughter.
"Oh dear," Pippa murmurs, shaking her head and pressing a hand to her cheek. "Oh, don't think I could do that. With all those Alphas? And al from Moon Valley where
Belf
they where they kiss girls before they're married?" She shakes her
head like it's all kind of terrifying and wonderful. 
I grin and lean back in the tub. "You know they do a lot more than kiss the girls."
Pippa's eyes dart to my neck and then back to my face as she bites her lip, hesitating. But then she
breaks, leaning forward with an eager smile on her lips. "What's it like?" she whispers, breathless. "Is it great?"
###Chapter 0826
I wrinkle my nose at her and lean forward, nodding. "It really is great, Pip. Especially...especially if you love them. I know that Elias is your best friend and he's good to you. But...I want more for you than that." She takes a deep breath and looks away, shaking her head slightly. "Oh, I don't know if that's in the cards for me."
"Maybe it will be," I say softly. "When we get you to Moon Valley. And don't worry," I say with a smile. "I won't let any of those big Alphas go anywhere near you until you want them to.'
She lets out a long breath as she smiles. "Yeah. But. Maybe one day...I'll want them to."
I smile back, my heart singing with joy and hope for her.
Before I can say more, though, a soft knock comes at the door.
"That will be the tea," Pippa says with a sigh, rising to her feet. "Do you mind if the maid comes in? It will be a woman, of course."
"No, I don't mind," I say, wrapping my arms around my knees as Pippa moves to the door. "I could use a cup."
I stare idly at the water for a little bit as the maid wheels a little trolly in and Pippa thanks her politely for her service.
But I go very still the moment the maid begins to speak.
"This one is for the Princess," the maid says, calm and quiet. And even though I've never heard this person's voice be calm and quiet except in the deadliest of situations, I'd recognize it anywhere. My head whips up. "We heard in the kitchens that she is entering her Confinement, so we included a few pain tablets on the saucer."
Even as I stare, frustration grows in me at the fact that apparently everyone in the castle knows that I've started my period.
But there's no time for that thought as I lock eyes with the maid for a single moment before turning away, remembering my lessons. Remembering everything that she, indeed, taught me.
Because Faiza would be deeply ashamed if she worked so hard to get into my room at the Atalaxian palace only to be unmasked now.
I don't look at Faiza as she leaves, though I desperately want to take another look at the false nose she's wearing, as well as the grey hair that's aged her at least twenty years. Is it a wig? Or has she dyed it? She goes and I just sit idly in the bath, hoping desperately that Pippa can't sense the new pounding of my heart.
"Do you want these tablets?" Pippa asks, pouring out two cups of tea and looking.askance at my saucer "It's probably too early for your cramps to be hitting as hard as they will can just toss them aside and
we'll get fresh ones later. Oroh wait, darling, your jaw -" 
"Yes, I'll take them now," I say, doing my best not to sound too eager. Pippa just nods to me, understanding, and brings the two cups of tea over, sitting next to me and handing me my cup.
It takes an incredible amount of willpower for me to quietly sip my tea, not even looking down at the two little pills until Pippa gets up to fetch me a new robe, my bath finished.
But when I do glance down, a little thrill runs through my heart.
Because just as I suspected, they're not pain killers at all.
No, I recognize these anywhere - Neumann taught us to recognize cyanide by sight, smell, and taste.
Very carefully I palm the pill-shaped poison in my dried hand as I stand and allow Pippa to help me into
my robe. And then I slip them quietly into my pocket as we move into the other room to pick out clothes for me tonight.
And all the time, even as I chat with Pippa, my mind whirls with how to wield this new power.
Because with this little gift, suddenly everything has changed.
Jesse lounges back on his new cot in the yurt, his head nestled against a soft pillow. He runs his hands idly over his stomach, which is
distended with too much cake. Hoet
smiles as he turns his head and observes as Midnight happily sets new order to her "kitchen," finding places for all of the new pots and cooking tools that Juniper and the rest of the kind people in the Fancy House sent home with them. 
God, but it was good to see June, even if all it did was make him worry more. He hadn't even known she was gone. And if he hadn't known
-
that - what on earth could be happening with the rest of his family? Were they even...okay? 
"You want more cookies?" Midnight asks cheerfully, putting away the last of her new dishtowels and beaming over at him.
"No, I don't think I'll ever eat another cookie ever again," Jesse sighs, smiling at her.
She frowns at him. "That's ridiculous, Jesse. Cookies are delicious. Why would you even say that?"
He just heaves a happy sigh. "I don't know, kid. I was joking."
###Chapter 0827
She narrows her eyes at him, trying to figure out what about that could be funny, and he laughs.
Midnight turns her head at Jesse, curious. "Why are you upset? We have so many nice new things - how could you be upset?"
Jesse frowns at her. "How'd you know I was upset?"
"You get a big line," she murmurs, drawing a finger between her own eyebrows and the perfectly smooth skin there. "It's all angry and bothered, like you got scratched by a weasel."
Jesse laughs again. "How on earth do you know what weasels are?"
"We have Weasels of Darkness here, Jesse," she says, looking at him with wide eyes and nodding seriously. "You do not want to mess with them."
Jesse laughs again but her face falls into a frown.
"Seriously, Jess," she says, her shoulders slumping. "Our lives are so good right now. Better than they've ever been. And soon your Juniper will be Queen of the Underworld - she's much prettier than the seal girl. Why are you so sad?"
"Because, Mids," Jesse says, reaching out a hand for her. She quickly scurries to the side of his new single-person cot, taking his hand. "Seeing June just made me worried about the rest of my family. You took me away from a war. They could be hurt, or dying. I can't help them while I'm here."
She frowns, squeezing his hand, and he can tell that even if she doesn't fully understand...she wants to. "Please, Midnight," Jesse says, looking at her earnestly. "Please take me back. Take us back." She snarls, her eyes going dark, and she whips her hand from his. "I'm not taking you there, Jesse." "Please," he begs, sitting up, reaching for her hand again, wanting to honestly plead his case. "My family is all there - our family - it will be so good -"
"Your family is there, but so is that whore." Midnight bares her teeth as she glares at her mate.
Jesse just drops his hand and doesn't say anything, because Midnight's not wrong. He has been thinking about Daphne - dreaming about her every night - even if he feels guilt about it with every breath he takes, because he knows it's not fair to Midnight or to Daph. But still, he can't help it - he's still in love with her. His wolf howls the confirmation in his soul.
"I am never taking you there," Midnight snarls, standing sharply up and storming across the yurt, grabbing her little purple backpack as she goes.
"Then take me to the Atalaxians!" Jesse pleads, pushing even though he knows he shouldn't - he knows that Midnight doesn't budge when she's lost her temper like this. "I want to see what they're building! You should show me!"
"No!" Midnight shouts, ducking
behind a little folding screen that
effectively cuts the yurt into two separate sèctions. Juniper gave it to them vaguely "for privacy," but Jesse is very glad to have it. It has been...challenging, to say the le
to share a one-room yure least,
his
strange little mate. 
Jesse just sighs, turning his head back up to the ceiling. "What are you doing over there?" he calls, wondering about the choice to bring the purple backpack.
"I'm learning about getting the pups!" Midnight shouts back, still peeved. "I'll give you the pups, and then you'll want to stay! Everyone says so!"
Jesse groans inwardly but just turns
his head back up to the roof of the yurt, mildly miserable now. He sighs, wondering how one can be so miserable after eating such
quantities of cake. Surely, the two
states cannot co-exist.
He sits, pondering on it for a long few quiet moments, when suddenly a horrified squeak sounds from behind the screen.
"Midnight?" Jesse calls, sitting up, worried. "Are you okay?"
Suddenly she storms out from behind the screen, the book Juniper gave her clutched tight in one hand, her face furious.
Jesse's eyes go wide as she hurls the book at his head.
"How dare you, Jesse Sinclair!" Midnight shouts, enraged.
"What did I do!?" Jesse gasps as he dodges the book and then turns back to Midnight, stunned.
"If you think I am doing any of that!" Midnight continues, her arms stiff at her sides, her hands clenched in fists, "to give you a pup! Then...! Then...!"
As he sees her struggling for words, Jesse can't help it as his face bursts into a wide grin. "The idea of getting a pup is not so appealing now, is it?"
"You stay away from me, Jesse Sinclair!" Midnight shouts, livid. "And you keep your clothes ON!" She storms out of the yurt, clearly needing a minute.
Jesse just turns on his stomach and
laughs and laughs into his pillow, desperately needing to let it out even as he doesn't want her to hear..
Because he knows his laughte would hurt her feelings, and above all things... 
Well, above all things, he just wants Midnight to be happy, and healthy, and safe, and loved.
Which means getting her the hell out of here.
But how on earth is he ever going to convince her to leave?
###Chapter 0828
Pippa fusses over me when we leave the bathroom, chattering about my poor bruised jaw and how we're going to cover that up with makeup. But I sit down on my bed and make a big show of yawning, wanting a minute alone to catch my proverbial breath and better hide my new weapon. As I lean back against my pillows, though, something crinkles beneath me in a very non-fabric-y way.
It takes all of my willpower not to let my eyes fly wide, to grab at whatever little piece of paper is there. Instead, I just lean more fully back and stretch my arms over my head.
"Oh, you poor dear," Pippa murmurs, noticing finally. "I'll leave you for a little, perhaps? So you can take a nap? I'm always sleepy on the first day of my confinement."
"Perhaps a nap would be best," I sigh, letting my eyes fall half-shut. Inwardly, my wolf howls our victory and hops from foot to foot in her eagerness to get started on our plans. But as Pippa comes close and fluffs my pillows a bit, I frown at her. "Pippa, do you seriously do this every month? Just...sit alone for two full days?"
"Is your cycle only two days?" she asks, looking at me with wide eyes.
I blush a little but shrug, admitting it, knowing that I'm luckier than others. But otherwise I just look at her, waiting for an answer.
"Yes, I do it," she sighs, shaking her head a little as she does. "Not that Elias ever cares or follows the rules. He always sneaks in and spends nights together with me as usual - it would be very dull to be without him at night."
I smile a little, loving the closeness of their friendship, but also wondering...
Well. Wondering what's going to happen when Ben comes on the scene. Because I'm not foolish enough to think that Ben just came to Atalaxia to help me. No, he's been worried about Elias for months, working hard to study Atalaxian history and political theory so that he could be an ambassador and come here. But his coming here and finding his mate...is it going to destroy Pippa's life? She is, after all, having a child with this man who is clearly her best friend.
"Would Elias get in trouble?" I ask quietly. "If he were found breaking your confinement?"
"Oh, the men don't actually get in trouble for anything," she murmurs, frustrated, as she straightens up and puts her hands on her hips. "Honestly, I'd probably get in more trouble for tempting him. But we're pregnant now, which means we're not so closely watched."
"Are you excited?" I ask quietly. "To become a mom?"
Pippa shrugs, running a hand over
her belly always knew it would happen someday. And there
were suspicions about Elias and his lack of interest in women before
this." 
I frown a little, noting that Pippa didn't really answer the question.
"Okay, darling," she says with a sigh, a forced little smile appearing on her face. "You take your nap, and I'll come and check on you later."
I settle back on my pillows with a
sigh and wave to Pippa as she slips out the door and pulls it shut behind her. As soon as she's gone I whip up, shoving my hand under the pillows, grasping everywhere for a piece of paper. As soon as it touches my fingers and I yank it up and out, unfolding it as fast as I can. 
Immediately, I recognize Faiza's handwriting and burst into a grin.
My sneaky spy professor. God, I love her.
But the contents of the note immediately make the smile fall from my face.
Accept the bond - it says, the words hastily scrawled across the paper. And then, in a line beneath it: Trust your grandmother.
I inhale deeply, re-reading it again and again because...
Seriously? That's her advice - that's what Faiza wants me to do?
I scowl as fall back on the pillows again, my mind racing. Inwardly my wolf whines and turns in a slow, tight circle before plopping down on her haunches, confused and afraid. 
He'll corrupt me, she murmurs, anxious. If we accept him and build the bond, his wolf will cross it and bite
me and get that oily stuff all over me and claim me for Darkness.
###Chapter 0829
I shudder at the thought, every instinct in me screaming not to do it. My wolf is right - Gabriel's bossy wolf will bully her, and corrupt her, and turn her to his will. The idea of my sweet rose-gold wolf all covered in oil, her eyes glowing in the darkness, her lungs heaving with her singular desire to fulfill the God of Darkness's will...
I clench my teeth against it as another whine slips from her muzzle. No, impossible - I'll never let that happen.
But...Faiza is right. My grandmother gave me this bond for a reason - and now that I know that accepting the bond and receiving my mates mark gives me new and intensified access to my magic? Isn't it...isn't it my duty, and my fate, to accept that magic? Especially if it can help my nation and even – maybe - end this war.
I mean, that's possible, after all. Look what I can do with only two mates by my side. What will my magic become with three?
I groan, torn, falling back against my pillows with a scowl. Maybe if I just...wait three months the Goddess will make good on her promise and give me a new mate instead of Gabriel, whose good looks do nothing at all to counterbalance his crap personality and penchant for violence. I growl a little as I raise my hand to my bruised jaw, pissed off and kind of wishing that Faiza did indeed send me some pain killers alongside the poison.
God, what the hell am I going to do? Now that I have a weapon, how will I wield it? And what steps do I want to take before I do? Would I be worth exploring my connection with Gabriel now to investigate how his magic impacts mine?
Or should I just kill him now and have it done?
I sigh, tucking myself into the pillows and letting my mind turn over the problem, closely inspecting every detail.
"Gabriel!" My door flies open and I shriek, nearly jumping out of my skin at the sudden noise after several hours of relative silence. "Don't you dare go in there!"
"Oh, shut up, Pippa," Gabriel snaps, sneering over his shoulder at Elias and Pippa as they storm in after him.
"She's being confi-"
"No one cares!" my mate barks as Elias angrily shuts the door behind him, sending me an apologetic look. Gabriel turns to me, his hands on his hips. "Get up."
I narrow my eyes and settle myself more completely in my pillows. "I can't," I say, petulant and pouting. "I have cramps. Ow."
My mate rolls his eyes at me. "You women and your weakness. Get up!"
I take a deep breath, prepared for a prolonged fight in which I force him to drag me to my feet if he wants me to get out of this bed, but Elias sighs and steps forward.
Get
"Honestly, Ariel, it's not worth it,” he says, shaking his heads and slipping his hands in his pockets as Pippa comes this side, her face furious. "He's called a banquet tonight and he wants you there. He'll drag you there by your hair if he has to, confinement or not." 
Gabriel bares his teeth at me, letting me know that it's true.
"This is scandalous," Pippa growls. "The entire staff know that she's being
confined – this breaks a thousand years of tradition –“
"Well, I will be King soon,” Gabriel snaps, his eyes still on me. "Which means that I get to say what tradition is. And if I want my mate by my side, she'll be there, confinement or not." 
I go a bit still as I stare at my mate, at the coldness of his blue eyes. Because what does he mean he'll be
King soon? After all, he's still got a cousin and an uncle in the way. 
en FindNovel
"Come, mate," Gabriel snarls, looking me over. "It's time for you to dress for
dinner. And tonight I will have you looking every inch my Queen."
###Chapter 0830
An hour later I enter the banquet hall at Gabriel's side, my hand perched quaintly atop his as the Prince escorts me forward. I'm again wearing the diamond collar that hides Luca's mark, though I've got no crown today, which is fine by me. Pippa dressed me in acres of pink satin overtop another corset which does nothing to aid the cramps that torture my back and my stomach. At every moment, I avoid the urge to scowl for more reasons than one.
But my face shows none of it, a pretty smile and vacant look in my eyes as my head swivels around, nodding to everyone who sits at the tables which are arranged in a wide horseshoe before the small King's table at the front so that all of the courtiers can get a good look at us.
And not just the courtiers, I realize as I smile around the room. It takes a great deal of control to keep my face bland as my eyes sweep over the table of Moon Valley ambassadors who have been included in this event. Their table is tucked away behind the table of Atalaxian nobles and heavily guarded, but they're here.
I let a little surprise and fondness show as I give them a tinkling little wave, as if seeing an old acquaintance about whom I don't particularly care. My eyes find Ben's, though, and he smirks at me, shaking his head a bit, onto my game. But the rest of the ambassadors just look terribly confused, clearly wondering how I've fallen this quickly under this Atalaxian spell.
I quickly turn away from them all, wondering what the hell is going on. Why does Gabirel want us all here for dinner? And why would he invite the delegation from Moon Valley - what does he want them to see?
Gabriel predictably leads us immediately to that front table, even as Elias and Pippa fall to the side, taking seats of honor closest to the high table. I frown as they sit, wondering where Elias and Gabriel's father is. Calvin - my mother's friend - the King's brother. I haven't seen sign of him at all since I arrived. Is that odd? Should he be here? I don't even know.
The King gives Gabriel a loud, formal welcome as we finally reach our destination. Gabriel bows, answering in a bored way as I dip into a deep curtsy, ignoring their words and concentrating instead on the fact that neither the King's Luna nor the Prince's are here. And, indeed, that there is no chair for me.
Just...a big red velvet pillow on the floor next to the high table.
Inwardly my wolf growls as I see where this is going. Because even though I wasn't raised with a great deal of ego regarding my royal status, I certainly was raised with enough pride to know when I'm being insulted. And to resent it.
"Princess," Gabriel says, flopping back into his chair and grinning darkly at me he gestures to the pillow. "If you wouldn't mind. My feet do ache."
"Of course, my love,” I murmur, folding my legs elegantly beneath me as I settle on the pillow and let my skirts spread prettily around on my floor. Then, as Gabriel extends his booted foot my way, I reach out and take it in my hands, holding the boot steady as he pulls his foot away. 
Over the course of the next hour, I seethe quietly as I rub my mate's feet. I do my best to tuck all of my anger away, forcing myself to play the role of the imaginary, perfect version of the Atalaxian Luna who really would want to rub her mate's feet after his long day of stomping around, being a cursed jerk. 
But I can't help, a few times, the cruel little pinches and squeezes that make Gabriel growl quietly but which he cannot allow to show on his face either. Because he, too, is bound by the ridiculous gender roles of his nation and couldn't ever let anyone know that his pretty little Luna could hurt him. 
So instead I just rub until my hands ache, well aware that I'm being humiliated, that the whole thing is in service of showing just how completely he's tamed me, and that photographers have captured the entire scene to print in the world-wide press tomorrow.
But whatever. Anyone I care about will just see these images and laugh.
###Chapter 0831
Mostly, I let my mind wander, thinking of better things. Of my family at home, and how pleasant it is to sit around a lovely fire with them, joking and laughing. Of Jackson, and how honestly I wouldn't mind rubbing his feet if it made him feel nice after a long day. How he would insist on returning the favor.
I don't have to fake the smile that comes to my mouth at the thought of his big powerful hands anywhere on my body.
My focus returns, though, at a very particular change in the tone and timbre of Gabriel's voice what must be...two hours into a dinner at which I've been fed absolutely nothing.
"The problem with that," Gabriel says, sounding smug as he brushes my hands away and begins to tug on one of his boots. "Is that the future of Atalaxia will not be heading in that direction. Not at all."
"Pardon?" Gabriel's cousin - the Crown Prince - says, turning to him with a sneer. "Gabriel, you over-step. I appreciate your input, of course, but you will never have the power to delegate such decisions."
"Oh, I wouldn't be so sure," Gabriel says with a sigh, his eyes latching onto mine as he smirks and pulls on his second boot. I go a bit rigid with surprise - he hasn't looked at me at all this entire dinner, except to give me instructions on how to massage his feet.
What...what is happening?
"You grow tiresome, Gabriel," the King murmurs, taking a long sip of his red wine and looking out over his courtiers. "With your plans for this nation and your spur- of-the-moment plans, like banquets such as this which seem to have...no point. We are all allied with Darkness, but you forget your duty to our people and traditions in your vehement dedication to the God. There must be a balance."
I watch very carefully as servants begin to file into the room, trays in their hands, starting to deliver deserts to the table. I watch carefully as the silver domes are removed from the trays, revealinging to each courtier a single cup filled to the brim with red liquid.
Is it...is it wine? Or some kind of liquid desert?
"Oh, everything as a point," Gabriel sighs, sitting back in his chair as the servants come to our table last, delivering three trays with those same red drinks.
"What on earth is this?" the Crown Prince murmurs, leaning forward to sniff at it.
"Try it, it's delicious," Gabriel says with a satisfied smile. "Everyone should have a sip of such ambrosia before they die."
The Crown Prince frowns, reaching for his glass.
As he does, the servant behind him - a tall man, too well-built for a server - draws a stiletto blade from his sleeve.
I gasp, skittering back a little even as one of my hands reaches out for the prince.
But there's nothing I can do as the servant draws the blade raw across the Crown Prince's throat.
The Prince's eyes go wide as blood spills down his front, his hand falling away from the cup, as he gasps and slumps forward.
Screams erupt in the room,
everyone leaping to their feet. I just
stare in horror as the heir to the
Atalaxian Throne gasps for breath,
his face desperate as his father
screams his name, for him.
"Come, Luna," Gabriel says, completely calm and he bends down and reaches for me, his hand wrapping firm around my arm. "Time
for us to go." 
I shift my gaze up to his devious face as Gabriel pulls me to my feet. There's no
horror there at his cousin's murder - only cold pleasure.
"You," I whisper, shaking my head slightly.
"Come," he snarls, yanking me. "It is dangerous here. We go."
Before anyone can protest or react, the new Crown Prince of Atalaxia hauls me out of the banquet chamber, I stumble after him, shocked as I realize at last the true danger of this man. I spare a glance for the Moon Valley delegation, desperately afraid that they're going tébe next, but to my relieft see that guards are already on them, leading them quickly from the room even as the nobility panic and scream their shock and protest. 
Clearly, this has been very carefully coordinated. And I'm fairly sure I know by whom.
###Chapter 0832
Gabriel pulls me through the halls behind him, heading for my rooms. A myriad of emotions fly through me as we go - fear, of course, at this man's unpredictability and cruelness. But quickly chasing that comes anger, and rage, and the sheer determination not to follow the Prince's fate.
This jackass – he thinks he has everything figured out. And he might be in control of me for now, but I've got my own weapons up my sleeve.
As we approach my room, I begin to pull back on my wrist, determined to be free. "Let go of me, you idiot," I snarl, putting my weight back into my heels.
"Come on, mate," Gabriel bites out, glaring at me over his shoulder and tightening his grip on me. "I'm done with you now and putting you back in your cage.'
"Great man indeed," I say, my voice deep with doubt, "that needs to cage his mate."
"Only when she's a wild bitch," Gabriel snarls, hauling me forward. "Who needs to be schooled in the ways of proper femininity."
I snarl in turn and twist my wrist in the way that Blaze taught me, breaking Gabriel's grip and stepping back in the hall. When Gabriel roars and turns, reaching for me, I'm ready for him – my fingernails extended into claws that I rake first over his extended hand and then stepping close so that my second blow scrapes across the soft skin of his neck.
Not deep enough to kill - no, I'm not ready for that yet. But deep enough to let him know that I can.
"Properly feminine enough for you?" I coo, my eyes narrowed as I step back, watching his body language for sighs of how he'll strike next. "After all, cutting a man's throat does seem more of a woman's method of killing than an Alpha's."
"You damned bitch," my mate snarls, stepping forward towards me, his eyes watching my claws as blood blooms in dots across his neck.
"Gabriel!"
Elias's voice booms out in the hallway as Elias and Pippa come racing down the hall. Their sudden arrival breaks our tension and I skitter quickly out of the way, pressing myself against the wall as Elias storms past me and shoves Gabriel, hard, so that he stumbles back.
"Don't you dare -" Gabriel growls, catching his feet.
"Did you do it!?" Elias cries out, advancing again on the taller Alpha, not an ounce
of fear in his voice. "Did you - did you fucking kill our cousin!?"
Gabriel snarls, looking around the hall, aware that others could be listening. And though it's quite obvious to me that Gabriel did indeed plan the assassination that advanced him one step along the line to the throne, he does not want to make a public admission that will put him in jail. I mean, it's pretty obvious to me that he wants everyone to know that he did it - but not to the point where he can be prosecuted. No, my mate will not have left any trail behind except for rumor. 
"What happened," Gabriel snarls, advancing one step towards Elias now, threat in
his voice. "Was the God of Darkness's plan. It is his decided fate."
"He's our fucking cousin, Gabe!" Elias shouts, his voice cracking. Pippa bursts into tears, ducking her face into her hands. I slip my arms around her shoulders, tugging her close.
"You fool," Gabriel grumbles, grabbing Elias by the arm and hauling him to my room, shoving the door open and forcing him inside. "To speak of such things in public -"
Anger roils at me as I consider what Gabriel just did in public, but I keep my mouth shut, instead guiding the sobbing Pippa towards the bedroom and bringing
us inside as well. As soon as we get in, Elias shuts the door behind us.
"I don't even know you anymore, Gabe," Elias says, taking Pippa from my arms
and gathering her to his chest. "A murderer? I knew Darkness had his grip on you, but to cold bloodedly murder our family -"
"I am meant to be King, Elias," Gabriel snarls, leaning aggressively forward towards his brother. "It is my fate. It is the will of Darkness."
"Oh, you're nothing but his pawn," Elias snarls, leaning forward towards him in turn. "The King still has some vestige of morals, and the Crown Prince did too, even if his wolf is as ruined as yours. Darkness is only choosing you because you're the
-
most desperate for his approval - 
“Shut up,” Gabriel snarls, advancing now. "You shut your filthy mouth."
A fist pounds on the door.
"The inquest, I'm sure?" Elias says, gesturing towards it. "Though I'm sure you've
got that sewn up already, don't you, Gabe?"
"I am no fool," Gabriel snaps,
storming for the door. "I will be on a throne within days, not in a cell." Gabriel spins to me, his hand on the door handle. "Consider your place Princess,” he snarls, gesturing ` towards his neck, where blood lightly drips. "For you will either be docile by my side or death I will not accept any further trials of my patience." 
Gabriel yanks the doors open and begins to speak quickly to the guards standing there, informing them that the Princess – me – is now safe and he can turn his mind to the investigation. When the door slams shut I just stare at it, as do Elias and Pippa.
###Chapter 0833
We all stand quietly for a long few moments before Elias turns to me.
"Ariel," he says, his eyes meeting mine. "You need to run."
My eyes widen as I turn them to him. "What?"
He shakes his head. "He wants your power, badly, and he's making moves to take the throne, which means he thinks he can get it. If you gleaned any information from your ambassadors about how to get out of here, you need to use it. And go."
My teeth clench and I step towards the pair. "I'm not leaving without you."
"You have to," Pippa says, shaking her head. "There's no time to consider -"
"No," I say, my voice firm. "I'll find a way."
"You need to consider what is possible, highness," Elias says, falling back on formality I think to stress to me how important this is. "Not what you want. Pippa and I," he looks down at her, giving a steady nod. "We'll find our own way."
She looks up at her Alpha with a great deal of faith.
But no, in this horrible world that's just getting more and more unpredictable? I can't leave them here – not with Gabriel in charge. Not...considering what Gabriel very likely knows about these two and their relationship.
Elias and Pippa leave my room soon after that, Elias wanting to know the details of the sham investigation into the Prince's death, Pippa wanting a quiet moment to herself to process her grief. Because even if I never got the impression that Pippa was close to the Crown Prince in the same way that she was to Elias and Gabriel growing up, it was still a shocking death in the family.
I watch her go with worried eyes that drift to her stomach, knowing that she doesn't need any more stress in her pregnancy. My heart aches for Pippa even as she shuts the door behind her.
When I'm alone I don't bother to light any candles, instead preferring the dark. I move to my bed and flop down into the pillows and blankets, staring at the ceiling, wondering what the hell I'm going to do. Because it's becoming increasingly clear that my mate is lost to Darkness and that he's determined to take me with them.
Is there a way to navigate this, to trust my grandmother's intuition - as well as my professor's instructions - and access Gabriel's magic without becoming corrupted by his bond with Darkness?
Or...would it be better to just cut and run?
I bite my lip, trying to decide, all the time terribly worried that the wrong choice here will spell destruction for us all.
Jackson dreams, the images moving slow through his mind, churning with his worry. And all of it - the worry, the dreams - revolves around Ariel. Ariel's face, her sweet laugh - they echo in his mind even as he tosses against the shirt he's rolled beneath his head as a makeshift pillow.
But is that her laugh?
Jackson's eyes fly open and he's immediately up, glaring around his tent, the sound still echoing in his ears. He wasn't fully asleep - not really - just resting his eyes, all of his senses alert and aware for any change. His magic allows for such a state resting so as not to burn through his magic in the effort to keep awake, but not sinking so deeply that he might be vulnerable. 
-
Which is how he knows that that laugh...it had echoed in his mind like a dream, mixing with his memories of Ariel's voice but...it wasn't. It had been in this world.
So then who the hell was it?
Jackson snarls, sniffing the air, able to sense...something. But not even a true scent, more like... the sense of hot metal, or frozen air, which affect the nose and sinuses but don't have a smell. He sniffs again, quite sure that no person was physically here, but still, there's an... impression. 
Frowning, Jackson looks around the tent carefully and sends his senses without, searching the vicinity for any movement. And as he turns to ensure his hearing catches all angles, Jackson's hand falls across something new.
He snaps his gaze down, picking up the little rectangular stone, grey and carved delicately with geometrical symbols. What...what the hell is this?
He lifts it in his palm to get a closer look and a voice softly echoes in his mind, making his wolf's hair stand on end.
I have not done much for you, it says, tender and gentle - a woman's voice. But this, I can do.
Jackson's eyes fly wide as he stares at the item and his wolf whines, frightened and confused. Because he's quite sure - quite sure in this moment that he's not just going
-
insane with lack of sleep and hunger and stress. No, he's been in worse stakeouts than this and survived just fine. 
No, that voice – and this stone - they're quite real.
But who the hell did it?
###Chapter 0834
Jackson crawls out of his tent, looking carefully around, trying to figure out...well, if there is actually someone here even if he can't smell or hear them. But as far as he can see and sense it's just rippling grass and the wind moving softly around him. He sighs, looking down at the little stone in his hand with a frown, wondering...what the hell it is.
Jackson inspects the rock thoroughly, looking for any sign or writing on it that makes sense to him. Then, hesitating only for a moment, he pushes on it with his magic, as he does when he passes his power to Ariel, trying to see if it engages at all.
But no, it's just a...rock.
Jackson scowls, glaring at the little chip of stone, hating it a little bit. Whatever that woman said about not being able to give him much...well, is this honestly that much of an improvement? "Thanks for the...rock," Jackson mutters, bitter. Then he folds his hand around it and turns towards the hill, hiking up the steep side until he reaches the top.
When Jackson reaches the crest of the hill he sits with a sigh, staring off towards the castle which is barely visible in the darkness. That stupid, impenetrable castle where Ariel is held. His girl, so close but...completely unreachable.
Jackson's scowl deepens as he thinks about her, wondering what she's up to tonight. Hoping that idiot who is claiming to be her mate is keeping his damn hands off her. Jackson's wolf growls at this thought, his head dipping low, his lips pulling back over his teeth. Ours, he growls, tension rippling through his fur. We will bite his hands off if he touches her.
Just to start, Jackson murmurs in agreement. His wolf's growl deepens.
Jackson sighs, though, knowing his threat is empty if he can't even get inside to help her, protect her. God, if he could just get in - if he could get close. Jackson wishes with a sudden desperation for any way to get to her -
And the world around him...shifts.
Jackson gasps as he tilts forward, like the universe has given him a mighty shove, and then he falls.
His knees hit hard into the dirt of a new world and Jackson stills with fear, his hands flat against the ground, the little rock still pressed against his palm. Jackson's head spins from side to side, trying to find anything familiar, anything to orient him.
It's dark here - as dark as it was in Atalaxia - but there is no vegetation. No... nothing.
Jackson whips his head up and stares around, confused at first by a maze of metal built into the ground before and slightly below him, and then...
Then he looks up, his eyes widening, his heart pounding as he realizes that the sky is completely black except for...
Except for the three moons hanging heavy within it. One moon looms larger than the rest, orange and heavy in the sky. Jackson's eyes move immediately to it, ignoring its two dark brothers to the left and right, one mostly full, the other crescent. No, it is the big central moon which demands Jackson's attention. 
He stares at it in wonder and knows, suddenly, that he's in another world.
But a world which Ariel has described before - where she has been - a land of Darkness, overhung by three moons.
Jackson gasps and scrambles to his feet, careful to take the little rock with him, glancing down at it and wondering if -
But there's no time.
"Ariel!" He shouts, desperate, cupping his hands to his mouth. The word echoes out into the nothingness that surrounds him. Jackson listens desperately for any response, willing his heart to slow its pounding rhythm so he can hear over it.
Nothing returns.
Jackson shouts her name again, louder this time, and waits, holding his breath. Again, nothing returns.
Jackson drops his hands and works hard to steady himself, taking long, calming breaths as he forces himself to adjust to this new world He glances again at the rock, knowing now that it's some sort of gift that brought him here. And hope floods him because...she said it was help, right? Or implied it? Whoever that woman was who spoke in his mind? 
So...it must be getting him closer to the one thing that matters. To Ariel.
Jackson shifts his attention again to the maze of metal before him - the only thing around to really concentrate on. He frowns as he studies it, slipping the rock into his pocket, wondering ...well, wondering what the hell it is. He takes a long few minutes to study the twists and turns of the metal, noting first that it is indeed in the general location of the castle that he's been staring at for hours and hours. And then that the great outer perimeter of the circle takes the form of the general shape of the castle, from what he can discern. 
###Chapter 0835
Slowly, Jackson's mouth pulls into a smile as he realizes that this isn't a maze at
all.
It's a cage.
A cage with nothing in it. And if there's something that the Atalaxians have built here that they're either trying to keep in, or protect themselves from? Well. That's something he wants to know more about, isn't it?
Eager for the first time in days to have something to do, a problem to work on, Jackson strides forward.
With his long legs and magic pulsing through his veins, Jackson crosses the Land of Darkness at a pace faster than most people can run. It only takes him about fifteen minutes to reach the first set of iron bars that align with the outer rim of the castle. When he gets there, Jackson frowns, taking the iron in his hands.
Because upclose he realizes that this enclosure is much less impressive than it looks from afar. Jackson shakes the bars and finds that, absurdly, they move - not rigorously rooted in the ground or anchored to each other. He huffs a bit in derision, thinking that whoever made this cage did quick or lazy work with it, and that if he had been in charge -
But Jackson wipes the thought away. He's not in the business of making cages, is he? No, he grew up in a cage - a mental one, if not physical. And the realization of that confined upbringing over the past nine months does not make him very fond of any attempts to keep free things bound.
He snarls lightly and takes the bars in his hands, calling on his magic and pulling the metal hard to the side. The bars bend...almost too easily.
"Honestly," Jackson murmurs, glancing at the bent bars as he steps through them. "Whoever made these could have at least tried."
But he puts the thought aside and moves forward through the maze. Of course, he doesn't bother to try to find his way through or around the maze of cages. Instead he just moves forward, just casually calling on his magic and pulling the bars apart every time he comes to a new fence, as easy as pushing a little branch aside while walking through the forest.
About halfway through the maze of cages something hits Jackson's nose and his head spins to the left, his eyes immediately finding a small, dirty patch of white cloth in the distance. He sniffs again and then turns, moving faster now through the cages, heading directly for it. Because he's sure - absolutely sure - that it smells like her.
Ariel. She's been here - within the past few days, at least, she's been here.
Jackson's heart begins to pound as the pile of dirty white cloth comes into sight because - what on earth is that? That's not...that's not.it couldn't be a dress, could it? 
But as he gets closer, pushing through fence after fence, Jackson's fears subside as he realizes that it's certainly not her. That it is, instead, a big pile of bedding.
Jackson comes to the final fence and leans against it, frowning down at the dirty duvet and collection of pillows resting there. Because...what the hell?
Why is this...here, when the rest of the cages are entirely empty? And why on earth does it smell like his mate?
Jackson sighs, confused and frustrated, and turns his back to the cage, shoving his hands deep into his pockets as he leans against the bars and stares down at the ground. Because he just doesn't get it why the hell does this elaborate system of eages exist? And why are they empty, except for a whole bunch of blankets that just smell like Ariel? 
Is he just...wasting his time here? Should he -
A gasp sounds out behind Jackson that makes him freeze. Because...he could
swear...
"Jackson?"
He turns immediately, his hands
grasping the iron bars, and stares in shock at the pile of bedding piled in the dirt of this wasteland. Or, more specifically, at the beautiful girl now seated in its center. FindNovel
Jackson's breath heaves from his lungs in a single shocked huff.
Ariel stares back at him, her eyes wide, her mouth open in a shocked "o."
###Chapter 0836
"No, Jesse!" Midnight laughs, stumbling forward outside of her yurt and grabbing his shadow panther right out of the air, making it dissolve away to smoke and reeling it into herself. Jesse gasps as he loses control of it, letting it pass into Midnight's capable hands. "Why do you keep making animal shapes? You don't need to - that's a crutch. It's just a shadow - the edges are the only things that matter. The edges are the only things that exist."
Jesse scowls and frowns at his little mate as she very capably releases shadows from her own skin, sending them out in all directions, formless and yet powerful. "Well why can't I make animal shapes?" he asks, crossing his arms. "If it helps me? And I like it? And it's cool?"
"Because then you're limiting them, mentally," Midnight says, tapping her temple as she sends the shadows streaking for him. Everywhere they touch Jesse the shadows buzz dangerously and he shudders, realizing that Midnight is of course obliging the shadows to go easy on him. Should she wish it, they could cut or burn or slice.
"Can you...help me understand that?" Jesse asks with a sigh, impressed with her power and control but still not getting it.
"If you limit them to animals," Midnight says, pulling the shadows back and making a panther like Jesse usually favors - though, predictably, her panther is more detailed and refined than his ever are. "Then you're limited to what you think animals can do. A panther can bite and scratch, so his dangerous parts are his teeth and his claws." She shrugs. "If you just let the whole shadow be a weapon... then all of the shadow is a weapon."
Jesse sighs, pulling the shadow back from her and letting it take a nebulous shape, shifting and ephemeral. "I still think the panthers are cooler."
"Power is cooler," Midnight says, a bit cold, and he turns his head to her. "Control is cooler. The better weapon is cooler."
"Midnight," Jesse says, quietly studying her. "Against whom have you ever had to use a weapon?"
She shrugs. "When I have to, I'll be ready."
Another chill passes through Jesse.
But suddenly, Midnight snaps her head to the side and then tilts her ear up, as if listening.
"What's going on?" Jesse asks, stepping towards her. She holds a hand out towards him, begging him to stop, and he does.
When Midnight moves again, her eyes narrowing on Jesse. "I have to go somewhere. You stay here."
"No way!"
"Jesse," Midnight growls, stepping towards him, her eyes going dark. "I have a job to do."
"What job!?"
"My job," she snarls. But when Jesse doesn't back off, she sighs and gestures out into the night. "Darkness has sensed an intruder. He wants me to check on it for him."
Jesse's eyes fly wide. "Fine, but I'm coming with you."
"You're staying here! In this yurt!"
"Midnight," Jesse says, leaning far forward so their eyes are even, his voice low and dangerous. "If you leave me here alone here in the tent, I'm going to burn it to the ground."
"Jesse, no!" Midnight gasps, pressing her hands to her heart.
"I mean it,” he says, shaking his head. "Those are your choices. Take me with you, or no more house."
She glares at him, hard, and then scowls and reaches for his hand. "Fine. But don't interfere, or I'll let him smite you."
Jesse squeezes her hand and makes no promises as Midnight vanishes them away.
"Jackson!" I shout, scrambling to my feet and stumbling towards him. Jacks - I've only been away for a week, but he looks so different - and so hot -
-
He has about three days' worth of beard on his face, and he's slimmer than he was not that he was ever fat, just big. And now he's still by no means small but instead lean and muscled, like a winter wolf 
"Ari!" he gasps, my name choked on his shocked lips.
He reaches for me through the bars and I throw myself against them, pressing as
much of my body to my mate's as I can as I burst into tears.
"Oh my god, Ariel," Jackson
whispers, wrapping his arms around me as best as he can and holding me close. I groan, pressing my face to hischest, taking in breath after breath of his wonderful scent 
QUMS
"Jacks, I missed you," I murmur, rubbing my face against him, my wolf howling in my soul as she dashes across the bridge of our bond and hurling herself against his wolf, pressing her body frantically all along his length. His wolf snarts with possessive joy, rubbing his face against her, pawing at her and trying to tuck her beneath him, though she keeps wriggling out of his way. 
###Chapter 0837
"Fuck, Ariel," Jackson whispers, trembling a little in shock and relief. "I've missed you so much – I'm so sorry -"
"Sorry," I say, lifting my face and sniffing hard, even as tears continue to fall from my eyes. "Why are you sorry."
"Because I let them take you," he murmurs, sticking an arm through the bar and wiping the tears from my face with his calloused thumb. "I'm so stupid -"
"Jacks," I say, scowling a little and pushing back. "Don't be ridiculous - they'd been planning that capture for months - for years -"
"I still should have -"
"Jackson McClintock," I snarl, pushing fully away but wrapping handfuls of his shirt in my hands, desperate to keep hold of him. "If you blame yourself for one more second, I'm going to punch you -"
His face bursts into his wonderful smile as he laughs at me - at my fury and my possessive love. I moan at the sight of it, loving him entirely, and stumble forward, wanting to be close again.
"No, Ariel, step back -" he says, laughing again and taking a step away that makes me clang into the bars. "Geeze, are you okay? Be careful, Ariel -"
"Jacks," I groan, reaching for him, "come back!"
"Just step away for a second - I can bend the bars -"
My eyes fly open as I stare at him. "You can?"
"Yeah, they're like...they're not very strong," he shrugs. "Cheap materials."
I raise my eyebrow at him. "Cheap materials, or super-human strength?"
He smiles at me and gives a slightly smug one-shouldered shrug that... ...well, it puts him at serious risk of me tearing all his clothes off.
"Go on, Tiny, give me some space," he murmurs, laughing a little and waving a hand at me as he studies the bars, clearly deciding where the apply his strength.
"No, Jacks," I say, holding my hand out to him. "Um...maybe don't."
"What?" he asks, going still.
“Is that...is that how you got here?" I whisper, shaking my head and then trying to peer around him towards the rest of the cages. "Did you come from outside the fence and force your way in?"
"Yeah," he says, still frowning at me and dismissing the point. "But why don't you
"Jackson," I interrupt, shaking my head at him. "How did you...how did you get here? To the Land of Darkness?"
He focuses on me again and huffs a frustrated sigh, seeing that we're not going to get anywhere towards his questions until he answers mine first. Then he pulls something from his pocket and holds it out to me. "This showed up in my tent," he says as peer at the small, rectangular rock. "I - can we talk about the
details later? It's kind of weird. I don't know who left it there, but...I think it allowed me to shift here, like you can do." 
"It must be a talisman," I murmur, studying it. And then my eyes go wide as I dart
my gaze up to Jackson's face, my wolf suddenly yelping and skittering away from his.
"What?" Jackson asks, going still. "No, come back..." he murmurs, frowning, his wolf moving after mine.
"Wait, wait," I breathe, holding out a hand to him even as I shift my gaze inward to my wolf and to his, studying them. "Gabriel - he's got a talisman too that allows him to
come here. But to get it he had to.....” 
My words fade as I study Jackson's wolf for any sign of corruption. For that oil, or a dark light in his eyes, or...anything. But Jacksons' big dark wolf just stands very still, his head cocked to the side, staring at my little rose-gold one. Slowly she
moves forward and sniffe
I think he's okay, she says, anxious.
"He had to what?" Jackson asks, hesitant.
at him.
I refocus my eyes on Jacks as my wolf again moves forward to Jackson's wolf's side. “He had to sell himself to Darkness, which corrupted his soul. I – it's very bad, Jackson. He's...horrible now."
Jackson snarls and steps close to me again. "This man. Is he your mate?"
I exhale a long and slow breath, keeping my eyes steady on his. "He is, Jacks."
###Chapter 0838
Jackson snarls down into my face, though I don't budge an inch, completely unafraid. Because even if fear and anger ripple through him at that confirmation, I know that none of this is for me. For my grandmother, perhaps - but not for me.
"Hey," I whisper, reaching a hand up and cupping his cheek in my palm. "This one? This stupid mate? I hate him."
Jackson stares at me for a long moment before a laugh pulses through him. "Seriously?"
I nod vigorously. "He sucks, Jacks. He's really mean, and he murdered his cousin tonight, and he punched me earlier -"
Jackson stands up straight, his eyes flaring. "He punched you?"
I smirk a little, turning my face to show him my bruised jaw. "The regicide is okay, but the punching is where you draw the line?"
He snarls, deep and true, as he leans close to me and wraps his hands around the bars. "Come on, we're getting you out of here, and then I'm coming back to kill him."
"Jacks,” I say, a little frantic, my hands covering his on the bars. At least, as much as they can. "Not - not yet."
He whips his head up to look at me, again shocked. "What are you talking about? We have to go, Ariel!"
"No, please," I beg, my wolf howling her desperation so he can see how deeply we're feeling it. "I just – there's so much more happening, Jackson. Can we just take a minute, and think about it, before we go tearing this cage apart and make our escape?"
"What else could we possibly want to do, Ariel?" Jackson asks, bending forward to lean against the cage, to bring his face closer to mine. "Than get you the fuck out of here?"
I bite my lip and shrug. "Um...destroy Atalaxia and end the war?"
Jackson just stares at me for a moment like I'm insane. Then he shakes his head, once, hard. "Nope. Not our job. I'm getting you out of here."
He again tightens his hands on the iron and I smack at them. "It is my job! It is - these are my people and my nation that are being threatened by Atalaxia!"
"And my mate that they've got in a cage!"
"Please, Jacks," I beg, shaking my head at him too. "Please, let me just...tell you everything. And then we'll decide."
He sighs and hangs his head. "You are...killing me, tiny."
"I know, baby," I whisper, reaching up and again cupping his cheek in my hand. He sighs and leans his face against my hand, filling my heart with joy. "That's... also my job."
Jackson huffs a laugh and then glances around. "Do we have time? Is anyone coming here?"
"I don't think so," I say, shaking my head. "They're really busy tonight trying to solve a murder even though everyone already knows who did it."
Jackson raises an eyebrow at that but lets it pass. "If anything weird happens, Ariel," he says, his voice low and serious. "I'm ripping these bars apart and taking you out of here. Okay?"
"Okay," I say, agreeing to these terms.
"Okay," he sighs, sinking down to the ground and indicating that I should do the same so that we can talk. I grin as I do as I'm told, settling down across from my mate and beaming at him through the bars of my cage. "I hate this a lot."
"Yes, but I love you for listening to me," I say, reaching forward and taking his hands. "Amongst a thousand other things."
Jackson sighs and raises one of my hands to his mouth, kissing it. And I begin to tell him everything.
The telling takes a long, long time, and the moons in the Land of Darkness crest all the way over the sky as I telt Jackson about Elias and Pippa, and Gabriel and his poor corrupted wolf, and the life of Atalaxian women, and of Faiza, and the cyanide, and Ben being here, and everything that happened tonight. 
Jackson holds my hand in his nearly the whole time, staring at my palm as he listens, tracing over its lines with one of his fingers. He interrupts only a few times when he needs more information or I've skipped something over, but mostly my
sweetheart mate just lets meel
and listens intently. As he always does, taking me quite seriously, considering my thoughts and observations and opinions. As I go, our wolves curl up together, his making a neat circle completely around mine. She stretches her nose over his paw, completely content. 
"So..." I say at the end, studying the wide set of my mate's shoulders, the top of
his dark head. "What do you think about all of that?"
He takes a moment before lifting his lovely sapphire eyes to mine. “I can't say I'm thrilled about the sudden appearance of a handsome new mate.”
"Handsome new murdery mate with very anti-woman leanings. Honestly, Jacks, he's...not a threat to us. To our relationship."
Jackson raises an eyebrow at me. "And yet you want to stay."
I sigh, moving closer to him, suddenly wishing desperately that Jackson would bend these bars sot could crawl though and curl up in his lap. "Jackson," I say, quite seriously. He looks into my eyes. "At the end of this? It's me and you." 
###Chapter 0839
He blinks once, I think shocked.
"I'm serious,” I say, squeezing his hand, holding his gaze. "I've had time to think in here - time is the only thing I have - and when I get home? You're the only mate I want. I don't want Gabriel – and I don't want Luca, okay? I just want you. Me and you and that's it forever."
Jackson swallows hard and I can see hope filling him.
I turn my head to the side, a little surprised by his silence. "Isn't that what you want too?"
Slowly he nods. "But...I don't want to hold you to it, Ari. If that's not the destiny your grandmother wrote for you."
"Yeah well," I sigh, frustrated. "Granny and I need to have a chat. But what she said was that she wanted me to have my mate's marks - not that she wanted me to live in some kind of bizarre foursome. And that's why I don't want to run right now, Jacks - because..." I bite my lip. "I think I need to explore the magical connection between me and Gabriel. I think that my grandmother gave this link not because she thinks he's some great match for me - but because his magic can lend something to mine."
Jackson sighs and looks away. "It would be easier if he were ugly."
I laugh a little, squeezing his hand. "Nobody's as pretty as you."
Jackson raises his head and an eyebrow along with it. "I'm not sure I'm precisely pretty."
"You're very pretty."
“Luca's pretty,” Jackson murmurs, looking away and – I suspect – hiding a blush. "I'm...good looking."
"You're super hot, Jacks" I say, wrinkling my nose at him. "And rugged. And very sexy."
Jackson tries to hide his smile and blushes a lovely raspberry red, making me laugh.
"Did you know Faiza just refers to you singularly as 'the hot one?""
"Stop, no she doesn't."
"She does!" I say, laughing. “Just like all the tabloids. I mean come on, Jacks, you're gorgeous." I grin at my mate and tug on his hand again. "So, Gabriel's lesser attractiveness aside, what are your other hesitations?"
"Well, I'm not thrilled about you still not having my mark," he says, sighing and scowling at me a bit, which just makes him...a thousand times hotter. I bite my lip, looking him up and down, tempted to throw my national duty to the wind and júst let him take me out of here. And immediately to bed. 
"Oh, I'll get that mark soon enough," I sigh, knowing that I have to be good. For the sake of the nation.
"Do you want me to just...give you the mark now? Through the stupid bars?"
I wrinkle my nose and shake my head, even as my wolf leaps to her feet and turns
in frantic circles, yipping her approval of the idea. "You'd change my scent and then the ruse would be up."
"But you'd have my magic," he points out, tilting his head. "Which means you could blow the whole place up. And then there would be no need for a ruse."
I grin at him. “There are people I like in there. Benny and Pippa and Elias."
"Fine, fine," he says, leaning back on one hand as he keeps the other firmly in mine. "Then on to the true thing that's worrying me. You could die, Ariel, he says, holding my gaze quite seriously. "If this Gabriel is as unpredictable and power-hungry and violent as you say he is? He could kill you, and then...the world would lose its flame. Its entire reason for being." 
My heart clenches a little at the centrality to which Jackson holds me, the idea that he thinks the universe would come to a grinding halt without me. And while I think that's ridiculous - obviously, I can't be that important - I see the true meaning beneath his words.
That he loves me, desperately. And he wants me to live a long full life at his side.
"I'm going to make it, Jacks," I whisper. "One...one more day, and then we'll go. Okay?"
Slowly, he shakes his head, hating it. Hating that he's going to give me this bargain that we both know he will, because I've asked it. "All of my
instincts are telling me to take you now. To just throw you over my shoulder like I did in that Examination and carry you home,
Ariel." 
ou
I smile softly at him. "And you can do that...tomorrow."
He groans, pulling his hand from mine for the first time in hours and burying his face against his palm. "You're torture."
"And you're an angel," I whisper, meaning it, beaming at him.
"All right, tiny demon," he says, dropping his hand and pretending to glare at me. "What's your big plan?"
I bite my lip and straighten up, pressing myself against the bars. "Okay, yes, help me out with this." And then I begin, and my mate and I stay up until dawn fine- tuning a plan to end this war and get us all out alive.
###Chapter 0840
Jackson kisses me softly through the bars of my little Atalaxian cage. I lean my full weight against them, letting my hand slip up over Jackson's stubbled cheek and then back into his hair.
He pulls away, snarling a little, both for want of me and, well-
“I hate these fucking bars,” he growls, glancing around at them even as he wraps
an arm around my waist as best he can, pulling me tight against him. "This was not the reunion I had in mind."
I smile at him. "Well, for the reunion, can we keep the beard?"
He raises his eyebrows at me in surprise. "You like it?"
My smile deepens. "You're all rugged and rough, like you were when we first met and you didn't know how to get your hair cut -"
A laugh bursts from him and he tightens his arm. "You were a fan of that?"
"I was a fan of it once you stopped trying to murder me and I realized how sweet you were beneath," I say, grinning at him fully now, unable to help it. "Rough exterior, sweetheart inside. Gorgeous through and through. Come on, how was I supposed to resist?"
He nudges his nose against mine. "Yeah, see, this is why I want to get you out of here now. Before you look more deeply at the mate who currently wants to murder you and realize how sweet he is beneath."
"He doesn't want to murder me, he just wants to corrupt my wolf and enslave me to darkness so that he can use my powers to destroy my homeland," I say, giving Jacks my sunniest smile.
Jacks groans, tilting his head back. "Oh, god. I can't believe I'm letting you go back."
"For a couple of hours," I say, laughing at him in turn. "Then its me and you, forever. Right?"
He sighs and lifts his head again. "Right."
"Okay, now juice me up," I say, putting my hand flat on his neck for contact.
He laughs at my phrasing - both of
us thinking of Jesse, I know and does as I say, filling me with his power and making me feel ridiculously awake and sunny after spending all night awake and scheming. 
I shiver all over as the power rushes into me and I drop my hand when I've had enough, though I stand close. "You're still good with your magic and energy levels?" I ask quietly. Even after not sleeping and eating all week?" My eyes slip over his slimmer form, honestly surprised at how much weight he's lost. I mean, I know that Jackson told me that his magic is intimately tied to his body, but the evidence I have of it here really proves that point. 
"It's not ideal," he says with a shrug. "But I've still got plenty. It's not anything you need to worry about."
"Okay." I say, sighing and stepping away. "Be safe. I'll be back in a little bit and then I'll call to you, right?" I tap my temple, indicating how he'll hear it.
"See you soon, Ariel. I love you."
"I love you too, Jacks," I say, my voice nearly a whisper. And then, beaming, I tumble myself backwards through the darkness and back into Atalaxia.
Jesse and Midnight lay flat on their stomachs atop the hill, looking down at the rather remarkable network of cages down below. As Midnight continues to peer closely at the
blobby blur at the center of the net
network that may or may not be people - they can't quite tell at this distance - Jesse groans and closes his eyes, resting his head against his folded arms. 
"Shhh," Midnight says, shoving at his shoulder with the tips of her fingertips. "I'm watching."
"And does my groan of agonized boredom interfere with your sight?" Jesse mutters, frustrated.
###Chapter 0841
"Oh, just be quiet and let me concentrate."
Jesse does as he's bid, only grumbling a little. Because they've been here for hours, and while the blob at the center has shifted a couple of times, there's no way to really know if it's people or...something else. Either way, it seems thoroughly encaged, so Jesse is not precisely sure why it matters.
Midnight, however, refuses to vanish them back to the yurt and have done with it.
"Let's just go closer," Jesse mutters.
"No!" Midnight hisses. "We must stay unseen. Darkness doesn't want anyone to know about me. I'm his super spy." The last bit is preening.
"Then just call him up and tell him what you've found," Jesse sighs. "Or, better yet, never talk to him again and zip us back to Moon Valley."
"You're being a brat, Jesse,” Midnight snaps. "You begged to come along and now you won't even let me do my job.”
"It's not a job," he snaps back, lifting his head to glare at her. "You're paid in what, one yurt he got you twelve years ago and a lifetime supply of dark cabbage?"
She glares at him and then turns her eyes back to the cage. When she gasps, Jesse sits up, turning back to the problem at hand. "Look," Midnight whispers, pointing. "It's moving."
Jesse realizes that it's true, narrowing his eyes, trying to see, frustrated at the distance that Midnight made them keep for the sake of anonymity. After all, he's very curious why there are these cages in the Land of Darkness that correlate, according to Midnight's report, very closely with the location of the Atalaxian castle.
As Jesse and Midnight watch, the colors at the center of the cage shift and then separate. His eyes widen as it becomes very, very clear that one truly is a figure. And that it's passing through the bars of the cage. "How is it doing that," Jesse murmurs, leaning closer as if that's going to help.
"Did you see the other one?" Midnight whispers, sounding anxious. "It disappeared."
Jesse snaps his eyes back to the color
bet
he within the cage and nods when
he sees that there's only white
deft.
"Shit he whispers. “What...who is it? 
"I don't know," Midnight says, definite. "But we have to tell Darkness –“
Jesse's hand snaps out and grabs her wrist, making her eyes fly wide. "No, don't tell him."
"Why not!?"
"Because!" Jesse says, searching his
mind for a good reason, even
thought he truth is that he just
ld help
doesn't want Darkness to have any information – at all that him with anything.
"Darkness...wouldn't want ave
incomplete report! You have to wait until you know more about who that is, coming towards us."
Midnight gasps, turning towards the figure who is now outside of the cages - and moving incredibly fast. "Is he...coming towards us?"
Jesse frowns, not answering, because...
God, but there's something familiar about the way that person moves...
"Jesse?" Midnight says, reaching for him, curling her fingers around his arm. "Is
he coming for us? Do you...do you think he knows we're here?"
But Jesse doesn't answer, instead scrambling to his feet. "Jacks!" he shouts, beginning to sprint down the hill, waving his arms, desperate for his friend to see. Because it all snapped together in an instant the
né
he
size and speed of the figure as indeed came closer to them, though not with any real intent in the way that Midnight is thinking. But he's sure - there's only one person that big who can move that fast. 
"Jesse!" Midnight shrieks, true fear in her voice as Jesse continues to scramble down the hill.
Jesse ignores her, shouting Jackson's name again as the figure goes still and then turns towards him.
###Chapter 0842
Midnight, snarling, suddenly appears before Jesse in his path. "You stop," she growls, a hand held out towards him. "You stop right now -"
Jesse just gives her a look like she's insane and dodges around her, picking up speed as Jackson calls out his name and starts to run for him in turn. Laughing, Jesse pounds towards his friend. Both of them move swiftly until Jesse can pick out Jackson's features, see his shocked and smiling face. Jesse grins, thrilled -
When suddenly a huge wolf appears between them, hair shaggy and black, eyes bright and red as a ruby. She bares her snarling teeth at Jackson and slowly starts to prowl towards him, a warning in every step.
Jackson's smile is wiped form his face as he looks at the wolf in shock for half a second and then steps towards it, his own teeth bared in challenge.
"Midnight, don't!" Jesse gasps, dashing forward and grabbing at the ruff of fur rising on her hackles just as Jackson shifts into his own wolf, which is somehow even bigger and more terrifying than Midnight's.
"Fuck!" Jesse bites out, hauling hard at Midnight's fur and making her skitter a step back as Jackson advances. Before Jacks can do more than snap his fangs at Midnight, though, Jesse is between them, holding a palm out to each. "Stop! Stop it, both of you!"
Midnight and Jackson pause, both staring at him.
"Jacks!" Jesse barks out, turning to glare at his friend. "She's my fucking mate, okay!? She's just freaked out! If you shift back, she'll get the picture that no one's going to fight anyone and we're all just going to be cool!" He whips his head back to the terrifying she-wolf on his right. "Right, Midnight!?"
Midnight just snarls. Jesse rolls his eyes and looks back at Jackson just as his cousin's mate shifts back to his human form, staring between Jesse and the dark
wolf.
"That's your mate?" he asks, pointing one finger at the wolf.
"Oh!"
Jesse spins at the sound of the girlish voice, turning to see that she has indeed shifted back into her human form. He looks down at his tiny, adorable, weird, ragged mate, standing with her hands on her hips. Jesse blinks at her, kind of.in disbelief that a girl who looks so innocent can be that terrifying in her wolf form. 
"Oh!" Midnight says again, laughing a little. "I'm sorry I know you! You're the big boy! Your Ariel's mate!" She waves hello. "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you." 
"You didn't...scare me..." Jackson murmurs, frowning at her. "I scared you." "No, I scared you," Midnight sighs, beaming at Jacks. "It's nice to meet me!" Jackson just shifts his eyes back to Jesse. "What... is happening?"
"It's...a long story, man," Jesse says, striding forward with a grin and patting him on his shoulder. "Good to see you, though! Man, you got really skinny. What happened?"
Jackson just continues to stare at Jesse for a moment before he shakes himself and gathers the Duke into a big hug. Jesse laughs and hugs his best friend right back.
"I'm so glad you're okay," Jackson murmurs, tucking his head next to Jesse's. "Ariel is going to be too."
"Wait," Jesse says, pulling back and frowning at the taller Alpha. "Where is Ariel, if she's not with you?"
"Oh, man,” Jackson says, exhaling slowly and running a hand through his hair. "We've got a lot to catch you up on, kid."
"Wait till you hear what I have to tell
you," Jesse says, grinning at his
friend before launching into a story
about a Princess and a sparkly blue ghost that makes Jackson'sgaw drop. en FindNovel
###Chapter 0843
I land back in my bed happier than I've ever been in Atalaxia. Because I have a plan now, and my big sweet mate waiting for me on the other side. Yes, by this time tomorrow hopefully we'll all be out of this and I'll be on my way home.
Humming, I hope out of bed and move into the bathroom to take a shower, eager to get the smell of Jackson off of me and hide all my clothes deep in the hamper so that no one knows where I've been all night.
When Pippa comes in about an hour later with my breakfast tray, I wave merrily to her. She stops a bit in her tracks and I scold myself, remembering that I have to
be Ariel of last night, who was confused and hopeless and scared.
"Did you sleep?" Pippa asks, pushing the door shut as I move to the little breakfast table by the door.
I shrug, implying that I did not. Which is true! "I'm okay. How are you?" I look at her as she pours my coffee, truly worried when I note the exhaustion of her features, the worried lines of her face.
"It's hard, Ariel," Pippa says on a heavy sigh. "Elias and I...don't know what to do."
We spend the morning together, then, with Pippa spilling out her heart and her worries to me. I do my very best to pay attention, to listen as intently as Jackson does to me, but the whole time I have to admit that my mind is whirring on my plan. How am I going to get clothing suitable for a journey home? My period should end today – thank god - but do I need to pack any supplies? In what will I pack them?
-
"Well, I should get back," Pippa sighs a little later, standing and smoothing her hands down over her dress as she glances towards the door. I grimace inwardly at myself, feeling incredibly guilty for not truly listening and being a good friend. "Is there anything that you need today?"
"Um..." I say, biting my lip. "Do you think you could...send Gabriel to me? At some point this afternoon?"
She snaps her head back to me. "Whatever for?"
I shrug. "He's my mate. We should...talk."
"Ariel..." Pippa breathes, leaning forward and shaking her head at me. "I do...I do not think that is a good plan. Alone? With Gabriel? Anything could happen."
"Please, Pippa," I whisper. "Just...trust me. This is something I have to do."
Pippa groans a little and looks at me with that same mix of hesitance and wonder that Jackson gives me when he suspects that I might be mildly insane. “Are you sure?"
"Yes," I say, giving a steady nod. "Sometime this afternoon, perhaps?"
She heaves a heavy sigh and shakes her head. "Alright. But Elias and I will be right in our room if you need us during that meeting, okay?" She points towards the bell pull in the corner of the room, reminding me that one tug will send them running for me. 
And I smile back at her, thinking that I'm very well aware of that.
In fact, that I'm depending on it.
"Hello, mate."
Gabriel's voice is low and curious as he comes into my room a few hours later. He quietly presses the door shut behind him, leaning back against it.
I exhale, slow and steady, and get to my feet, dipping my hands into the
convenient pockets of the pinafore apron that I'm wearing over my simple blue dress. "Hello, Gabriel."
Gabriel smirks as he crosses the room to me. "Why are you dressed like a servant?"
I look down at myself and shrug. "It's practical. And more comfortable than those
stupid princess corsets you make me wear."
A finger curled beneath my chin obliges me to raise my face to his again. "You look beautiful in those corsets, Not that you don't look nice in this as well. yes," he says, letting his eyes drift down over me. "+find that ...like you subservient. And calling me to your room. 
I drop my eyes and let my lashes drift down, playing my role even as my mind spins. It's late - later than I'd hoped it would be, closer to night than afternoon. Shit. Is Jackson going to be worried about me
wondering why I'm not calling to him
tocontinue our plan?
"I find," I say quietly, even as my mind continues to panic a bit. "That I'm...readier
now, than I was before, to take a more subservient role."
"And what has convinced you of that, Princess?" Gabriel asks, his tone suspicious.
I raise my eyes again to him and then wave my hand at the breakfast table, at which I've prepared some wine and a snack of some cured meats and cheese. "Shall we have a nice conversation? Maybe come to an understanding?"
###Chapter 0844
He smirks at me. "And why on earth would I agree to negotiate with you? I have you completely under my thumb."
I straighten my shoulders a little, pretending that it takes a bit of courage to do so. "You wish me docile, don't you, Gabriel? I can continue to make this hard or..." I shrug. "It could be pleasant."
Gabriel smirks at me like a man indulging a child and then moves to the table, lounging in his chair. Inwardly I roll my eyes at this smug prince who thinks he is completely in charge. I sit as well and take one of the wine glasses, lifting it towards him. "To your health, Prince."
He smirks at me. "I don't drink from glasses I haven't prepared for myself. Or haven't you heard that there is someone on the loose, killing Princes?"
I stare at him a little for a moment, letting him wonder at my motives, and then I shrug and take a sip of the wine. "The death of the Crown Prince seems to be in your favor, Alpha. And it puts me in a much more interesting position."
"Oh, really?" he asks, a bit dry. "How so?"
"You think you know me," I snap, putting my wine back down on the table, pretending an anger I don't feel. "But have you not considered that I have also long been second in line to the throne? And that I, too, might have wanted it for myself?"
Gabriel raises his eyebrow at me. "What are you saying, Princess?"
"I'm saying that I want this war done," I snap, slapping my hand on the table and pretending to be the foolish girl he expects me to be, playing at negotiation with a prince. "And if you were to become King, and to end it the war..." I shrug. "I might enjoy being Queen of a peaceful nation. Even if it were Atalaxia."
He raises his eyebrow at me. "So that's your offer? Become King, end the war, and you'll rule peacefully at my side? Or, not precisely at my side." He smirks. "At my foot, perhaps."
I raise my chin. "I can live with that. And I'll give you children. Beautiful ones." I smirk a little too. "Powerful ones."
Gabriel leans across the table towards me, studying my face. "Our children will rule the world, Ariel, if you would just trust me to guide your life. To guide theirs as well."
My breath hitches and I pretend it's temptation, letting my eyes move across his face, down to his lips.
"Come," he says, standing and reaching a hand out for me. "It's a deal. We'll seal it with a kiss."
I pretend to hesitate and then stand, looking up into his face. "You won't hurt me?"
"Oh, I didn't promise that," he murmurs, slipping an arm around my waist and pulling me tight against him. "But I won't hurt you...much. And you will learn to like the pain."
He lowers his face towards me but I lean away, turning my face aside. "Please," beg, pressing my eyes shut, my right hand dipping again into the pocket of my apron. "I am not used to such a willfub Alpha..." 
"Oh, and you expect me to believe that," he says, low and sardonic, his left hand raising to brush at Luca's mark on my neck. "With such a passionate, messy mark as this."
I turn my head to look up at him with
big doe eyes My other mates are weak-willed. They follow my own
lead, do as I say," I whisper. In myet
soul, my wolf creeps close to the abyss between my soul and
Gabriel's – the place where the bond would be. She taps her feet, anxious and curious, urging Gabriel's wolf to appear. 
"Nothing like me?" Gabriel asks, smug, a growl forming in his throat as his wolf appears at the edge of his soul, ready to pounce on mine the moment I accept the bond.
"Nothing..." I whisper, truth in every word as I raise my trembling hand towards his face. "Nothing like you."
My wolf holds out her nose to
Gabriel's dark wolf, trembling a little
at the sight of him. Then, as we planned, she lays down, laying herself flat, submitting. Eager, Gabriel's wolf pounces and snarls at the edge of Gabriel's soul, frenzied with want of her. 
I lift my hand as if in awe and slowly brush my fingertips over Gabriel's lush lower
lip, my eyes moving to it as well.
"Are you hungry for me, Gabriel?" I whisper, my heart pounding, my breath coming short.
"I am, little mate," he snarls. "Submit to me. Accept the bond."
And then, as I hoped he would, Gabriel licks that lower lip just once in preparation
to kiss me.
But then he flinches back, surprised at the slightly bitter taste on his lower lip.
And I smile.
Because cyanide works fast.
###Chapter 0845
Gabriel's breath hitches and he stands straight as I roughly push myself away from him, taking a step back, wiping my cyanide-coated fingertips against the fabric of the apron. "Thanks for providing me a room with so many beauty supplies,” I say, quite casual, as his breath starts to come short. "The petroleum jelly is very useful for chapped lips and..." I wave my fingertips at him. "Keeping poisons from entering through the skin."
"You bitch," he rasps, stumbling back, oxygen already starting to fail him. "Have - have you killed me?"
"Not yet,” I sigh, crossing my arms over my chest as I watch him fall to the floor. "I just gave you a little bit of cyanide. Because I still have questions. Bye bye for now!" I wave to him as his eyes flutter shut and he begins to moan in pain and confusion, a hand going to his chest, where he's likely started having heart palpitations.
I watch him for a moment, considering my dosage and the effects, monitoring him closely. But when I'm pretty sure that I've gotten it right and that he's in no physical state to grab and hurt me, I stride forward and sort through his pockets until I find the talisman there. I study it - just a little rectangular rock very similar to the one Jackson showed me last night, though black instead of grey. I sigh, putting the talisman in my pocket, taking my nearly unconscious mate's hand and smiling down at him.
"Let's take a little trip to Darkness," I say quietly. "Don't worry, I've got a little nest all set up for you there."
I pull on my inner power and tilt us both away to the cage. Gabriel moans, his eyes fluttering as he works hard to hold on to consciousness.
"It's okay, baby," I coo, patting his hand. "Let it go. I'll take care of you."
He snarls and I grin, but otherwise ignore him, sitting next to him and keeping his hand in mine.
Before I do anything else I shut my eyes and shout in my mind for Jacks, the signal we arranged earlier, urging him to come back. There's no immediate response but I don't worry about that, instead focusing on the man laying in front of me.
I shift my focus inward to my wolf. Is his wolf down? I ask, eager and interested.
Yes, she replies, prowling back and forth at the edge of my soul, peering to where his wolf is laying in a puddle of that oily substance, gasping for air, just his snout
holding above that dark liquid
Pity
fills me as I look at that poor abused wolf, but I force myself to turn away, knowing that pity isn't going to get me anywhere right now. 
Is he faking it? I ask, anxious, not wanting to take any risks on this point.
I don't think so, my wolf murmurs in reply, still peering at him. I think...I think he's
taken down by the poison too. He was very weak to begin with.
I nod once and then stand, shaking my head at the prince for a moment. "Okay, say to him, even though i doubt he can hear. "I'll be back...in a little bit." 
And then again I vanish away to my room and stride for the bell pull that connects
to Pippa and Elias's room, giving it a strong tug.
A heartbeat after I pull the bell a worried knock sounds at my door.
"Well, that is...way too fast," I murmur, frowning.
I hesitate only a second before the knock comes again, alongside a shouted "Ariel!"
I gasp and dash for the door, yanking it open and grabbing Ben, pulling him inside.
"How the hell did you get here!?" I gasp, staring at him with wide eyes as I slam the door shut.
"Ariel," he says, staring back at me,
just as appalled. "The castle
is...complete chaos. Half of our
guards have been diverted to
searching for this mystery murderer - I spent the entire night sneaking
out of my room and trying
bribe
people to find out which room was yours -" 
###Chapter 0846
"Why are they searching for the murderer?" I ask, my face twisted in confusion. "It's very obviously Gabriel -“
"Ariel!" Ben breathes, putting his hands on my shoulders and giving me a little shake. "When I say chaos I mean chaos - are you aware that the protective magic all over the castle has just fallen?"
I gasp, my eyes going wide. Because how the hell did I not think of that as a consequence!?
On one hand...this is very bad. Shit - shit! People are going to be looking everywhere for Gabriel.
But on the other hand...I whip my head to the side and stare hard at my comforter, the corner of which bursts into flame.
Ben shrieks and dashes for it, jumping on the bed and quickly smothering the fire as I laugh and clap my hands, jumping up and down a few times. Ben snaps his gaze back to me, a growl on his voice. "Ariel, this is not the time to play pyromaniac princess. We need to come up with a plan! We need to -"
The door flies open, Pippa and Elias stumbling in. "Ariel!" Elias gasps.
But then he goes very, very still as he sees who is kneeling on my bed, a charred bit of fabric in his hands.
Pippa's eyes whip between the two men and I grimace a little, worried for her as she quietly pushes the door shut.
"Um, everyone,” I say quietly. "This is...Benny."
"Benjamin,” Ben snaps, shooting me a glare. "Or, um, Ben. Ben Ternicki. I'm an... ambassador from Moon Valley..."
He finishes rather lamely as Pippa comes to stand next to Elias's side, her hand going immediately to her stomach. Then Ben goes very, very pale as he puts together the pieces. I mean, he would have seen them last night, but today...
Well, today, with the possessive gleam in Pippa's eyes...
It's very clear who the father of her child is.
"Okay,” I say, my voice humming a bit with anxiety. "Um, so, this is weird, but it's about to get...weirder."
"What?" Ben and Elias say together, spinning their heads to me.
I can't help my grin at their synchronicity. "So, I kind of...did something..."
the groans, slipping off
side
d coming to stand by met
Ari, god damn it. What did you do? 
swno11
"Don't get mad, okay?" I say, turning towards Pippa and Elias now, my face pleading.
Pippa's eyes go wide as Elias's narrow. "What's going on?" he asks, stern.
"Um, just...come with me," I say, holding out my hands to everyone.
Elias groans but obeys, his eyes locking on Ben's as each of them hold my hand and Pippa takes Elias's.
I take a deep breath and then shift to the other world, where we all land together in the cage, Prince Gabriel collapsed in the nest of blankets at my feet, his breath faint. 
Pippa shrieks, looking around at the other world as Elias shouts, falling to his knees at his brother's side.
"Holy shit, holy shit," Benny murmurs, staring between Gabriel and me. "Ariel! Did you...did you poison him!?"
"A little bit, say, pinching my
fingers together as I grimace first at Ben and then at Pippa and Elias
when they turn their heads tostare
at me in shock. 
I give all three of the conscious people in the cage my best princess smile.
But I let it drop when all three just continue to stare at me, appalled.
"Oh, come on!" I huff, stomping my foot. "I only poisoned him a little bit!"
###Chapter 0847
"I think it's nice," Jackson says, looking around the yurt.
"Thank you!" Midnight says, quite pleased, lounging back on her little bed and squeezing one of her new stuffie toys to her chest.
"It's great for camping, but come on Jacks, this is not nice for a house - please don't encourage her," Jesse sighs, a little frustrated with his friend.
"Nicer than a lot of places I lived when I was growing up," Jackson murmurs, reaching for another cookie on the plate and eating it in one bite. "Do you have anything else to eat?"
"We have cabbage!" Midnight eagerly volunteers, dashing for the kitchen.
"Great," Jackson says, his eyebrows going eagerly up.
Jesse just rolls his eyes, because he did indeed forget that Jackson and Midnight are both members of the foundling club, and that in trying to have this discussion with them he was going to be sincerely outnumbered.
After a great deal of negotiation, Jesse convinced Midnight to vanish them back here to the yurt so that they could more comfortably fill each other in on the events of the past week. Talking her into that was easy, but persuading her not to tell Darkness that Jackson is here was much more difficult. In the end Midnight given in, but only when Jesse explained that Jackson - like her - was family.
Family, it seems, is a keyword that means a great deal to Midnight now.
"So, the cages are for Ariel?" Midnight asks, turning her head to look at Jackson with interest as she begins to slice the cabbage with a sharp new knife Juniper gave her. "I was wondering why they built them."
"Yup," Jackson says, looking at her seriously. "But can we save the cabbage for another time? You'll have to take me back now. Ariel's calling me back."
Midnight looks at him with fascination. "How do you know that?”
"We can talk mind-to-mind," Jackson murmurs, dusting off his hands and standing to his full height, his head brushing the roof of the yurt.
Midnight gasps and spins her head to Jesse, her face miserable with jealousy. "I want to talk mind-to-mind! That would be so much fun!"
Jackson frowns between Jesse and Midnight. "You guys can't do that yet?"
"Don't get her started," Jesse mutters, looking down at the ground, guilty.
"He won't accept the bond," Midnight snaps out, pissed off. "He's being rude and withholding."
"Who taught you that word," Jesse asks, lifting his eyes to her with a scowl.
"You did," she bites back.
"Why won't you accept the bond?" Jackson asks, his voice suspicious. "Is there something wrong with her?"
Midnight stares at Jackson, aghast at the suggestion, a hand pressed to her chest. "Rude. I am perfect."
"She's perfect," Jesse agrees, waving a dismissive hand. "But her wolf is..."
"Corrupted?" Jackson asks, his head whipping back to stare at Midnight.
Jesse frowns at him. "How...did you know that?"
"Because she's not the only one," Jackson says, holding out a hand to the girl. "Come on, we're taking you to see Ariel."
"Why?" Midnight asks, leaning away from him. "What can she do?"
"Probably nothing," Jackson says with a shrug, his hand still out. "But she knows someone like you. Could be interesting to compare notes. Especially since he's apparently been made horrible by his
ov
corruption, and you are still lovely." 
Midnight beams at this compliment, and Jesse smiles because he knows Jackson probably didn't mean it to flatter her No, he was probably just stating the facts as he sees them. Midnight eagerly drops her knife and moves to Jackson's side as Jesse, too, gets to his feet. 
"Can you take us back to the cages now?" Jackson asks, looking down at the girl.
"I can," she says, giving an eager nod. "But first, can you pick me up?"
Jackson bursts out laughing as Jesse frowns at his mate. "Why do you want him to do that?"
"Because I'd always see him doing it with Ariel!" Midnight says, laughing. "And it looked like fun!"
Jackson laughs again and nods towards the door of the tent. "Sure, little girl, I'll pick you up. But come on, let's go do it outside so you don't hit your head."
Grinning, Midnight slips her hand into Jackson's as the pair head out into the darkness, Jesse on their heels.
When they're free of the tent,
Jackson crouches low, wrapping an arm tight around Midnight's thighs, and hoisting her high into the air so that she perches neatly on his elbow her head high above Midnight laughs with delight looking around eagerly from her new height as Jackson likewise laughs, pleased to see her so pleased. 
###Chapter 0848
"You never ask me to pick you up," Jesse mutters, his wolf walking a jealous path back and forth in his soul as he comes to stand close to his mate and his friend.
"Yes, but you're significantly more delicate," Midnight says with a happy sigh, leaning forward to pat Jesse on the head. He scowls and shoves her hand away. "All right, time's wasting," Jackson says, nodding up to Midnight. "To the cages?"
"To the cages!" she says, delighted, reaching a hand out for Jesse. And when Jesse – still scowling - petulantly reaches out to take her hand, Midnight vanishes
them away.
"Okay, so," I say, clapping my hands together and then turning for Pippa. "I need your help especially right now, Pips."
Pippa looks at me with wide eyes. "What on earth am I going to do!?"
"You're going to get the antidote!"
The three continue to just stare at me as Gabriel wheezes at our feet. I sigh, starting to get frustrated, needing them all to just get over their shock and on board with my plan.
"How...how do you know what the antidote is?" Elias asks, stepping towards me, incredulous. "Also, where on earth did you get poison!?"
"Where I got poison is not...currently relevant," I say, waving a hand to dismiss the question. "And I learned about poisons at school!"
“I learned.....embroidery at school...” Pippa whispers, looking again down at Gabriel, clearly shocked.
"Ariel is a very competent chemist," Ben says in explanation, resting his fingertips against his temples in a probably-vain attempt to keep his sanity. "Especially in contexts such as this. If she poisoned Gabriel, she probably knows precisely what she poisoned him with, and how much, and how to reverse the effects. Yes, Ari?"
I nod eagerly, because all of that is very true. "Yup, I can fix him! But Pippa, I need you to go to the doctor and request a cyanide kit."
She just stares at me, still shocked, so I grab her hand and look meaningfully between Ben and Elias. "I'll be back...in a few minutes!"
And then I use my dark powers to tilt back to Atalaxia, Pippa firmly by my side.
When we get there I move for the door, already starting to tell my friend what to say to the doctor to request the kit. But Pippa pulls hard on my hand, tugging me back and making me fall silent when she looks into my face.
"Is Gabriel going to die?" she asks, her voice tight, My brows raise because...this is not a woman who is scared for her childhood friend asking me. Quickly, Pippa shakes her head, her mouth a thin line. "Elias is next in line to the throne behind him, Ariel," she snaps. "And I do not want to be a Queen." 
I step close to Pippa, looking her seriously in the eye. "I gave Gabriel a very small dose of cyanide," I say, fast and low. "If he gets the antidote quickly, he'll revive fast, though it will take him some time to recover to full health. If he does not get that antidote, he will die. So, if you do not want to be Queen, you need to help me with this." 
She nods once, her eyes moving towards the door, and then back to me. She raises her chin, her jaw clenched.
And my heart drops because...I know what's coming next.
"That man," she says, her voice tight. "That...Ben. Is he...my Alpha's mate?"
I put a hand on her shoulder and nod once. "Yes, Pippa. He is."
She swallows hard, her eyes flicking back and forth as she processes the news. "Is he a good man?"
"He's the best of men," I whisper. "And like a brother to me."
Pippa exhales slowly and takes a moment to close her eyes, and bow her head, and tuck...whatever emotions she's having deep in her soul. Then, brisk and assured, Pippa nods once before she heads to the door. "I'll be back in this room in fifteen minutes. Please be here."
"I will," I promise her, watching as the proud woman moves to the door and deftly opens it, stepping out into a noisy hall that is - as Ben indicated - more chaotic than I've ever seen it.
###Chapter 0849
"So,” Ben says, his mouth turning down as he heaves an awkward shrug. "In the thousand times that I imagined meeting you... it never went like this."
Elias stays still for a moment before his shoulders twitch and he lifts his head to look Ben in the eyes. "You mean you never imagined introducing yourself to me in the Land of Darkness? Inside a cage that my brother built to keep his mate trapped here? With said brother laying at our feet, gasping for air?"
Ben just stares at Elias for a second before Elias's face breaks into a wry smile and Ben stumbles out a laugh. God - god damn it - but he's hot and he's funny? Shit. Shit, but he lucked out on this one.
"Are you okay?" Ben asks, taking three hesitant steps forward, his hand lifting towards his mate without him really meaning to.
Elias shrugs and, to Ben's surprise, takes his hand - just lightly. "I'm surprisingly okay. Gabriel has been...challenging lately. And he murdered our cousin last night, so I guess I'm not entirely surprised that divine retribution came and bit him in the ass like this. Though I am surprised that Ariel was the one who did it. I... didn't know she had that kind of grit."
"Ariel poisoning someone," Ben murmurs, looking down at the dying Prince, "is... oddly enough the one part of this situation that does not surprise me."
Elias huffs another laugh and glances up at Ben, a little shy. But he doesn't pull his hand away.
They're quiet for a long few moments.
"Hey, so,” Ben says, trying desperately hard to be casual. "...so, Pippa?"
"Yeah," Elias says, lifting his head and looking Ben square in the eye. Ben turns towards him and squeezes his hand, hoping that Elias feels his support, that he can tell him whatever he wants. "Pippa is my Luna. We're married. She's...my best friend in the entire world and...I'm not leaving her behind."
"I...would never ask you to leave her behind,” Ben says, giving a simple shrug, telling the utter truth. Anyone who is family to Elias is family to him now. "And...the baby?"
"Yeah," Elias says, heaving a sigh and letting his shoulders slump. "That's...mine. We're going to have a daughter...kind of any day now."
"Wow,” Ben says, smiling despite himself, kind of...god, is it weird that he kind of likes that? It's going to be insanely complicated, and he has no idea how Pippa will feel about Ben being Elias's mate but... "daughters are amazing, Elias. Congratulations."
"Thanks," Elia? says, squeezing Ben's hand back, a hesitant smile coming to his mouth. "Yeah, I'm really excited. Though..." his cheeks puff out with air, an exasperated sigh. I'm not crazy about bringing a little girl into the world amidst so much chaos. I kind of... wanted a
simpler life for her." 
"Well, whatever you need," Ben says quietly, stepping closer, meaning it with his
entire heart. "I'm here for you. I'll help...however I can."
Elias looks back at his mate in surprise, not used to such an honest offer of aid from a relative stranger But his Wolf howls and eagerly shifts from foot to foot, urging Elias to take it to leap forward and accept this with his whole heart. The help, and Ben, and the bond - all of it. 
Elias steps forward too, pulling Ben towards him with a tug on his hand, just one step-
When suddenly, Ariel appears before them.
"Hi!" I say, snapping my hands to my hips and grinning between Ben and Elias, who hastily drop each other's hands. My smile widens as I take in their blushing cheeks, but as I laugh I go to one knee at Gabriel's side and look him over, giving them the space they need to regain their composure. 
After all, I've got a poisoned mate on my hands. And I really should be worrying
about that instead of my bestie's love life.
Elias clears his throat. "Is Pippa getting the antidote?"
"Yup!" I say, still not looking up at them and instead taking in the basics of Gabriel's condition and reaching out to take his pulse, which is slow but not erratic. "She said fifteen minutes."
"Ariel, why did you half poison him in the first place?" Ben asks, his voice a little frustrated. “If you wanted him gone, why didn't you just...go whole hog? Did you not have enough cyanide?"
I glance up at him. "No, I have enough," I murmur, taking a deep breath and folding my legs beneath me as I settle in next to Gabriel and take his hand. "I don't want him dead. I just want him - and his wolf - incapacitated. For a bit."
"Ariel," Elias says, stepping forward towards me, putting the pieces together before Ben does. "Don't do it. It's not worth it."
I sigh, giving Gabriel's hand a squeeze and looking up at my friends. "You don't get it, Elias," I say, a little sad. "If I accept the bond, I have access to his magic. And I can experiment with it, try to understand why...why my grandmother gave me this mate to begin with."
###Chapter 0850
"But the corruption will spread," Elias says, kneeling down on Gabriel's other side and reaching across him to squeeze my shoulder. "It's not worth it, Ariel - what I watched Gabriel go through? I can't watch you do it too."
"Corruption?" Ben asks, his voice suddenly frantic. "What are you talking about?”
"I've come this far," I say with a sigh, shaking my head at him. "No time like the present. And if it starts to corrupt, I can always just... break the bond."
I sigh, looking down at Gabriel, hoping desperately that it's true.
"Ariel, please," Elias begs.
But it's too late.
I say a little prayer to my grandmother for protection, and close my eyes, and give my wolf a little nod. She stands at the edge of my soul and lifts her nose high, proud and regal, her pretty rose-gold fur blowing in some phantom wind.
And then we accept the bond, which snaps into place between my soul and Gabriel's.
His wolf shifts in his place sunk deep in the oil, eager, hungry. My wolf steps back, afraid and ready to run. I tense, both in my body and in my soul, ready to break the bond to reject him to flee...
But Gabriel's wolf collapses back into the oil, unable to stir.
I open my eyes in the Land of Darkness and find Gabriel's eyes fluttering open, searching for me. His mouth moves, making shapes, perhaps trying to say my name. And guilt rushes through me as I feel, anew, his pain - his physical pain, and his emotional agony.
God, how horrible, how terrible - the corruption just clangs through him. How can he have survived this for years?
"Oh, Gabriel," I murmur, reaching out and stroking a hand over his hair. "You poor thing."
He moans a little, turning his head towards my hand, even though I'm not sure he's fully conscious.
"What's happening?" Ben asks, tense.
"It's okay,” I say, glancing up at Ben and Elias. "As long as he's...out, I don't think he can corrupt me. But when he was healthy...he certainly wanted to. Which means we don't have a lot of time."
"Well, all right then, Princess,” Ben says, his personality and his humor coming back to him now that some
of his fear has subsided. I look up and smirk to see him looking down at me with his arms crossed and an eyebrow raised. "You got what you wanted, so? What's your magic say?" 

I smile a little and close my eyes, squeezing my mate's hand as I pull on his magic It comes flooding towards me, as Jackson's does when I pull on it - the magic of a man well used to using it. And to my relief no corruption comes with it. Instead, I begin to explore the blue light that seems to fill my body - the same light blue magic - almost white - that manifested itself in shackles around my hand, stopping my power. 
And I begin to understand it, then. Elias's power's functions as a shield, as a block to other magics, a nullifier. Unboosted by the commitment that he made to
Darkness five years ago, it net
work as a personal shield,
ano
something he could wrap around himself so that magical influence can't touch him. 
But I frown as I realize that...it's so much more than that.
That Gabriel's magic has two sides. It functions as a stop to magic - an emphatic
no, a shield.
But as I experiment with the blue light I realize that it...it also functions as an impetus, as a catalyst.
A huge smile spreads across my face as I open my eyes.
"What?" Ben asks, grinning at me. I laugh as I look up into his face. "What's that smile for?"
"I get it," I whisper, shaking my head in awe. "In the end it's...it's so simple. Three mates for the three elements of fire. One for air, one for fuel, and one for..." I look down at Gabriel and shake my head. "And one for a spark."
Immediately I pull on the magic that Luca gifted me with his mark and let wind curl in the Land of Darkness. And then I use my physical connection to Gabriel to pull on his, adding it to Luca's air.
Elias, Ben, and I all gasp as sparks appear all around us, blue and lovely, soaring through the air, eager and ready to fly.
"Now all we need is Jacks," I whisper, staring around in delight at the magic. "And then we can really see what I can do."
"Great," a voice says, ringing out, making me laugh as I snap my head left towards the sound. "I love it when I have perfect timing."
###Chapter 0851
Delighted, I drop Gabriel's hand and leap to my feet, dashing for the side of the cage where Jacks stands.
But then I stop in my tracks, stumbling over my feet, my lips turning down in a harsh frown. "Jackson," I growl, standing straight and putting one hand on a hip, using the other to point to the small girl - young woman? - held up high in my place on Jackson's arm. "What is that?"
"Sorry, that's mine," Jesse says, peering out from behind Jackson and grinning at me before turning to frown up at Jacks. "Though I agree, Jackson. You can put her down now, please."
I gasp, relief and shock running through me as I dash for the bars, reaching for my cousin. "Jesse!"
Ben gasps and rushes with me to the side of the cage.
"No!" groans the girl, shaking her head. "I don't want to be put down! It's so nice up high!"
"Hey, Ari,” Jesse says, laughing and reaching for me through the bars. "Hey Ben!"
I grab my cousin's hand, yanking him close and pulling him into a hug even as he shouts at the rough treatment, banging against the bars.
"Are you okay!?" I gasp, desperately afraid for him. "Are you -" I pull back, looking him over again and again, "you're safe!? And how did - what -"
I frantically look between Jesse and Jacks and the girl, baffled, as Ben likewise reaches for Jesse, pulling him into a hug and looking fascinatedly at Jacks. I know he, like me, is wondering where on earth they came from.
"It's a long story," Jackson says, bending to put the girl down on her feet despite her protests. "But I imagine what's going on in this cage is more important."
I see Jackson's teeth flash as he looks in at the Prince laying poisoned on the ground.
"What the fuckkk is going on here," Jesse whispers, looking with wide eyes into the cage.
"Hi, I'm...Elias..." Elias says, giving an awkward little wave.
"What's up, man," Jesse says, giving Elias a tiny wave and the universal bro greeting of a sharply lifted chin.
"Can we come in, finally?" Jackson asks, one hand on the bars, his face very serious as he looks at me, his wolf sniffing at my wolf, sensing that something is... different.
"Yes, you may enter," I say, giving a mocking little bow and gesturing them in.
Jesse frowns. "But there's no..."
His words fade as Jackson grips two bars and, calling on his magic, bends them backwards as easily as pulling open a cabinet.
"All right,” Jesse says as the girl claps appreciatively. "Now...there's a door."
"Who is that," I whisper to Jesse through the bars as Jacks steps in and then lifts the girl through.
"Um, that's Midnight," Jesse says,
giving me an awkward little grimace. "She's my mate. Just...go with it, okay? She's great but...sometimes people take a minute to warm up to her tell you everything later." 
QUMS
I look at Jesse for a moment with
wide eyes, but then am distracted from my shock when Jackson strides over and grabs me to him, lifting me high up into his arms and sealing his mouth to mine in a determined kiss. I work hard to stifle the moan that blooms in my throat as I wrap my arms around his neck and pull him close, deepening the kiss, giving myself over to it. 
"How come you never kiss me? That looks nice."
"Oh my stars, Mids," Jesse says on a sigh. "This is...not the time for that conversation."
I grin, breaking the kiss and beaming at my Jacks, my sweetheart mate. "Hey."
He growls, possessive and joyful, tightening his arm around my back. "Anything you want to tell me?"
"Yeah,” I say on a sigh, wriggling in request to be put down. He obliges and I look up into his face, taking his hand. "I kind of...accepted the bond with that one."
-
―
We talked about it, of course – this being part of the plan. And he hadn't been happy about it - which makes sense though he knew it was coming. Still, I see the pain and the jealousy pass over his expression even if he tries to hide it. 
Jackson clenches his teeth against his sigh, squeezing my hand and looking over
at Gabriel laying on the ground, his breaths coming slow. Despite his self-
restraint, Jackson can't help flashing his teeth again.
###Chapter 0852
"Is this your other mate?" the girl asks me, wandering over to look down at
Gabriel. Then she looks up at Elias. "Or is it that one?"
Elias laughs a little and shakes his head as Jacks, Ben, Jesse, and I join the two of them, forming a semicircle around Gabriel's body.
"It's that one," I say, gesturing to Gabriel as we all look down at him.
Midnight in particular looks back and forth between Jackson and Gabriel, and I grin as I watch her, not fully understanding this strange little creature but liking her immediately. "Hmm," Midnight says, considering. "I mean, the one on the ground is very fancy, but Jackson is certainly better looking. You should pick him."
I burst out laughing. Inwardly, Jackson's wolf preens even if his face shows none of his pride and pleasure at Midnight's words.
"I'm not sure Gabriel is at his best right now,” I say, sinking to my knees by the Prince's side, a hand going to his throat as I check his pulse. "I've just poisoned him with cyanide, after all."
"Eh, I still think Jacks is better," Midnight says, crossing her arms and giving a steady nod, decided. "I am Midnight," she says, almost as an afterthought. "You are pleased to meet me."
I laugh, a bit delighted. "Yes, I am. I'm Ariel, Jesse's cousin."
"I know," she says, grinning at me and then turning her gaze to Jesse. "I like her better than the rat."
"I'm sure the rat will be devastated," Jesse replies, dry.
"What?" Ben asks, confused. "There's a rat?"
"Listen this is all...very nice," Elias says, a little awkward. "But my brother is dying - and even if he's been horrible lately, I...might prefer if he didn't? If there's something we can do to help him?"
"Oh, right!" I say, gasping a little in surprise at how quickly I forgot everything in my shock at Jesse's arrival. "Jacks?" I say, reaching up for him, wanting his hand.
He sighs and snarls a bit, but crouches down and gives it to me, knowing what it is I'm intending to do now and not wanting much of a part of it. "Can't we just kill him?"
"No, baby," I say, patting his hand and shifting my eyes back to Gabriel. "Not right now. Maybe later."
A little wordless grumble passes through Jacks but he doesn't fight me on it. "Um," I say, glancing up at everyone around us. "I'll...be back in a minute." "Where are you going?" Jesse asks, his face scrunching in confusion.
"Inside," I say. And then I close my eyes, sighing but a breath, and shift my focus inward as I reach out my other hand and place it across the bare skin of Gabriel's throat. Then, once have skin contact with two of my mates, I shift my focus to the mark Luca left on my neck and pull on all three magics at once. 
Instantly, the magic sings within me, all of the pieces finally coming together like they've been waiting ages to do so. I feel Gabriel's wolf shift in his dark oil, and Jackson gasps, and I do wonder if somewhere on earth - in another Universe - Luca stands up straight, feeling it too. But I can't concentrate on that now because there's a great deal of fuel at my fingertips now, and oxygen, and finally...a spark. 
The three come together in my soul just as a great swell of joy passes through me. I feel them combust, feel them join together in the tiny conflagration - a sacred fire warm and delicious. 
A collective gasp runs through our little gathered circle - Gabriel excluded - and when I open my eyes there's no surprise in my expression - just bliss.
Because I already knew it would be there.
The little blue flame flickering in the air, floating about a foot in front of my face.
“Hello, you,” I coo, leaning forward to beam at the little fire – at the manifestation of my Grandmother's gift which is now, finally, complete. "Aren't you special?"
###Chapter 0853
"Holy shit," Jesse breathes, and I glance up to see him staring in awe at the little flame floating before me, even as Midnight squeaks in fear and tucks herself behind him, clinging to his hand. “Are you - can you do anything with it?"
"I think I can," I whisper, looking over at Jacks, who I know feels the magic more intently than the rest of them. To my surprise Jackson doesn't even look at the flame, staring at me instead, like I'm the marvel. I laugh, leaning closer to him, loving him a great deal.
But then, before anyone can say anything else, I lift my hand from Gabriel's neck and dismiss the flame, standing up.
"What?" Ben gasps, looking at me. "Ariel, you were just getting started -"
"Magic show has to wait," I say, glancing down at Gabriel's pale face. "I have to go get Pippa."
And then, before anyone can say another word or protest, I tilt back to Atalaxia and appear in the room. Almost at the same instant I do, the door opens and Pippa comes bursting through, a plastic box in her hand, her eyes wide.
"Oh, Ariel," she says, shaking her head as she dashes to my side, shoving the door shut behind her. "It's...it's getting very bad out there. They've noticed that Gabriel is gone, and the protective shield has fallen, and apparently Moon Valley is sending planes - it's all very bad - the King is very upset -"
"Well then we'd better hurry," I say, taking her hand in mine.
"Ariel, the King can come to the Land of Darkness, and he can send soldiers," she says in a rush, looking at me with wide eyes. "He is corrupted too - has a talisman
I nod to her, understanding her point. That we can't fool around there either - that time is short, even in the other realm.
"You have the antidote?" I ask, glancing down at the kit in her hand.
"Yes," she breathes, nodding eagerly.
"Okay, then let's go. Um...it's a little different, than when we left." I grimace.
"What?" she asks, her brows bunching together in worry.
But there's no time. I squeeze her hand back and tilt us away so that a moment later we appear in the Land of Darkness.
Pippa takes a single moment to look around before she squeaks in fear and then ducks behind me, peering over my shoulder at the whole new collection of Alphas.
"Is that..." she whispers, her voice shaking. "Is that Darkness's girl!?"
Midnight peers from behind Jesse but doesn't say anything.
"My girl now," Jesse says, reaching behind his back to giving Midnight a comforting pat. Then he gives Pippa his best royal smile. "Hi, I'm Jesse, I'm Ariel's cousi-"
But Pippa squeaks again and hides as Elias comes to my side. "Pippa...isn't used to being around this outnumbered by men without a matron," he says, gathering her close to him.
"Well, they're very nice!" I say, stepping aside so she can see and waving a hand at Ben and Jesse and Jacks. "That's Jackson, he's my mate -"
Jackson gives an awkward little wave but I give up on introductions when Pippa's eyes go wide when she catches a glimpse of Jackson's full, moderately feral visage, his imposing height and breadth, and tucks her head tight against Elias's chest, frightened.
"Sorry," Jackson murmurs, looking down at himself.
I just laugh a little and take the cyanide kit from Pippa's hand, sitting again at Gabriel's side.
"So, I'm going to give Gabriel the antidote and try to make him...not die," I say, glancing down at his face, which has grown paler since the time I looked. "But things are apparently very bad up in the Castle.
We need a plan for what the st
We're going to do next. Howell
we get
out of here." 
"Are the routes in the castle impassable?" Jackson asks, slipping easily into his Commander line of questioning.
I glance at Pippa, who gives me a little nod. Elias looks down at her and then speaks for her. "I imagine the entrances and exits are locked down and guarded, even without Gabe to magically do it," he says, grimacing a little.
"Well, can we get out...here?" I say, gesturing around at the Land of Darkness. "Run and then shift back into the world when we're outside of the palace walls?"
Jackson nods to me, clearly indicating that he thinks it's the best plan.
"He'll come for you here," Pippa says quietly, her voice still shaking. "He'll figure it out soon, and then he'll come, he'll chase you here too."
"Well then we'll go to the yurt," Jesse says, and I frown because...what? "Right Mids? Mids can take everyone to the yurt." He steps aside, trying to let everyone see the girl, and at first she steps with him, still hiding, until the two have a hushed little fight and
she sighs and steps forward.
Midnight looks around at the group with a frown and then up into Jesse's eyes.
"Are they family?"
"Yes, Mids," Jesse says, smiling
down at her and stroking a hand
softly over her hair in a way that makes my heart swell to see, even if... well. Even if another part of me is remembering Daphne sobbing on her knees, Mittens clutched to her chest. "They're family. Everyone here is family now." I bite my lip against the emotion that races in me - because none of it is a lie. 
###Chapter 0854
"Okay," Midnight says, shaky. "Um. If they're family, I'll take them."
"And then back to Moon Valley?" I ask, hopeful, knowing that Midnight can do it.
Midnight's eyes fly wide.
"We'll talk about that part of the plan later," Jesse says, shooting me a warning look. At the same moment, Midnight bares her teeth up at him, shadows beginning to leak from her skin. My eyes flash wide because - wait, she can do that too?
"The Ambassadors," Ben says quickly, turning my gaze to him. He shakes his head. "We can't leave them, Ariel," he says. "They'll kill them all if we do."
I curse, glancing at Elias for confirmation. Quite sad, he nods, indicating that it's true.
"All right," I say. "We'll get everyone out. But...this first, yes?" I wave a hand at Gabriel, who looks dangerously close to death. I bite my lip, wondering at my imprecise measurement of the cyanide and how much time has passed. Has it gone too far?
"Can I help?" Ben asks, kneeling across from me.
"Sure can,” I say, taking out the IV pack and the two syringes of liquid medicine, explaining quickly to Ben how to use them.
"I have...a new respect for espionage track," Jesse murmurs as Midnight again peers out from behind him, her curiosity getting the better of her. "You know how to do all of this from memory?"
"Neumann trained us so we could do it in our sleep," I murmur, glancing up at him as I hand the IV to Ben to hold high as I search for a vein in Gabriel's arm and insert the trocar needle there. "It's not all just studying chemical formulas."
"I want to double major now," Jesse murmurs, fascinated. I grin a little, even as I concentrate.
"Um, what's the plan here?" Ben asks. "Why are you bringing him back - isn't he all...corrupted? And violent?"
"Yes. He punched her," Jackson growls, still livid. Ben and Jesse gasp, appalled, which is very satisfying to me and my wolf. But I push beyond that.
"He also made me rub his feet in public. But no, um, we're going to heal him up on the outside...and on the inside."
"What do you mean?" Jesse asks, turning his head at me.
"Well," I say, looking up at Jacks, wanting his reassurance. "I think...that that flame does more than what a normal flame does. I think it's more than just heat and fire - I think it's Goddess-blessed."
Jackson nods solidly, agreeing with me - he felt it too.
"Well with that dark blue color," Jesse says, nodding consideringly. "That makes sense."
"Why does that make sense?" I ask, turning my head to him and cocking it to the side.
He smirks at me a little. "It's just...a very goddess-blessing-y color. Part of the story for another time, cuz. Just keep going."
I frown at him for a moment, not getting it, but then I move past that too. "I think that I can use the flame to help Gabriel, to help his wolf. Perhaps clean up his corruption."
Midnight gasps in horror and I
attempt to peer around Jesse to see what has frightened her so much, but she ducks away. Jesse takes a deep breath, again reaching behind him to comfort his strange little mate, even as he keeps his eye on me. 
"Do you really think you can do that?" He asks, working hard to keep his voice serious, though I can hear the hope in it.
Midnight, Jackson says into my mind in explanation. She's corrupted too. But I think she's afraid - so...maybe don't say anything.
Shocked, I turn my eyes up to Jackson and then whip them over to Jesse, who intuits what just passed between us and nods to me very seriously.
I nod back and then fight every instinct I have to reach for Midnight, wanting to help and comfort her too.
But I turn my eyes back to Gabriel instead.
"Do you...really think you can do that, Ariel?" Pippa asks in a whisper. Surprised, I turn to see her peering at me, still pressed against Elias's chest with his arms around her.
I look up at her and give a little shrug. "I can only try. And if it doesn't work I'll reject him and hope that it doesn't go further than that."
I turn my face back to Ben, giving him a few more details of the treatment and asking if he thinks he can handle it. He assures me that he can - it's fairly simple, after all as -it's Jackson folds his long legs beneath him and sits at my side, offering me his hand. 
"Thank you, Jacks," I say quietly, taking it. Because this is a choice he's making too – if he wanted, he could refuse to help heal Gabriel. But he's doing it for me, because he loves and trusts me. I sent him
warm pulse of gratitude down our
bond. 
"I still think we should let him die," Jacks says softly, a little rueful, his eyes moving
to the bruise still livid on my jaw.
"I know but..." I shrug. "If I can help him? Surely that's better."
He sighs, turning his eyes on Gabriel, his voice dour. "It's what Ella would do."
I smile, squeezing his hand. Then I look around at our collected little group one last time before I reach out and again put a hand on Gabriel's neck, close my eyes, and begin to concentrate.
###Chapter 0855
I do my very best to imitate my mother in this moment, trying to fall into that deep mediative state she uses when she heals people. Because I have to go into my soul now, and into Gabriel's, to try and help him. Ben – he's handling the physical healing of Gabriel's body.
But I'm here to concentrate on my new mate's soul, and his wolf.
When my inner eyes open, I see that I am indeed in the world of my soul, my body appearing there next to my wolf's in a way that it never has before, except perhaps in dreams. "Oh, hello," I say, laughing as she bounds over to me and gives my face a few happy licks. I run my hands quickly through her soft, pretty fur
- something that I've only done in pieces before, rushing a hand over it or grabbing it with my fingers.
Yes, here in my whole body for the first time, it's different.
A little whine makes me turn, and I laugh when I see Jackson's gigantic dark wolf standing there too.
"Oh, you're here!?"
He huffs and steps forward, his head lowered towards me, as if to say where the hell else would he be. I laugh and scratch his head too, smiling when he turns his face into my palm in the same wolfish way that Jackson does in the real world. He gives my hand a playful nip before bounding off after my wolf, heading towards the edge of my soul where she stands, her paws shifting anxiously, looking over the edge.
I follow them there and peer across the little soul bridge towards Gabriel's soul, seeing his wolf still there sunk into that pit of oil and tar, just his nose and his eye above the line of it like a crocodile. That is, if a crocodile also had pointy tufted ears that stuck out a little bit too.
My wolf whines and looks up at me, desperately wanting to help.
“I know,” I murmur, reaching over and patting her head. "I want to help him too."
I take a deep breath and step forward onto that bond, the bridge between our souls.
But Jackson's wolf wines and
my skirt with my teeth, pulling me back,
crying anxiously in his throat, not wanting me to go.
"I have to," I murmur, reaching out stroke a hand over his lovely, strong face. "I'’II be safe, I promise."
He whines again, doubtful, but then huffs and drops my skirt. I hate this, Jackson says, directly into my mind. I smile and lean forward, pressing a kiss to his wolf's face, but then turn to my wolf, who is already halfway across the bridge. And I follow.
The first thing I recognize when I stand on the steady ground just at the edge of Gabriel's soul, the last bit not yet consumed by oil, is that it is....so much colder on Gabriel's side, within his own soul. I glance
over my shoulder to where
Jackson's wolf stands, Sve
at
the bridge, clearly trying to see if he, too, can cross. But it's not his bond. Stuck, he howls softly, calling to us, and my wolf howls back to him even as we both turn to peer at Gabriel's wolf. 
Gabriel's wolf gives a burbling sort of snarl that chokes him, even as he gives a last-ditch sort of lunge for my wolf, clearly wanting to pull her in. She steps away, lifting one foot up high and looking down at the oil in distaste.
"Save your energy, little wolf," I say to Gabriel's wolf on a sigh, going to my knees and already beginning to pull on my magics - on Luca's wind, and Jackson's fuel, and Gabriel's own spark. "We've got work to do, and we'll need your help on the other side."
The blue flame appears in my hands, burning and bright, and my wolf spins in eager circles, delighted by the sight of it. Gabriel's wolf shrinks away, floundering in the oil. I sigh and get to work, knowing that he might not have a great deal of time left.
I urge the fire to burn even hotter and then slowly reach it towards the dark substance that traps Gabriel's wolf.
It doesn't...quite burn, not really. It's not true oil after all, and it doesn't burst into flames or anything. Instead, it merely seems to shrink away, or to dry out, losing all of its power when faced with the
Goddess's heat and light, e
I begin to experiment when I realize how it works, my wolf staying close at my side, panting eagerly as the oil begins to recede. When I think that I've got a hold of it, I really let it rage, the fire burning wide and hot through the darkness. 
Slow at first, but then faster and faster, the pit of oil in which Gabriel's wolf has sunk begins to recede, leaving a dry hole behind. Piece by piece his wolf's head appears, and then his neck and shoulders as he gasps for air. He snarls at the fire at first but then as the flame comes closer, and warms him, he gives the most pitiful little cry, reaching his
snout towards it. 
I reach for him too, leaning far out across the pit and taking his little snout in my
hands as the fire continues to burn, shrinking the darkness inch by inch.
###Chapter 0856
"There there, little baby," I murmur, thinking of all the nice soft things my mother would say when we were kids, and we were hurt, or sad, or wanting. "We've got you now. We'll keep you safe." I take some of the fire and coat my hands with it, brushing it against his face, drying the residue of oil there until it turns into dark flakes like mud or dirt and then I brush it away.
By the time his face is clear and I clean the muck out from his tear ducts and his ears, most of the dark oily substance has receded from Gabriel's soul. As I clean off his whiskers and scratch the muck from his chin, Gabriel's sweet wolf looks at me with a great deal of shame in his eyes. So much that it makes me laugh.
"Oh, come on," I murmur, scratching at the clean fur now between his ears. "It wasn't your fault, darling. Nobody blames you."
He gives a sad little howl, and across the bridge between our souls Jackson's wolf gives a dark snarl, letting him know to behave. I laugh as my wolf comes to my side, eagerly reaching out for Gabriel's wolf with her snout, wanting to help.
"You ready, boy?" I ask, reaching back behind his neck for his scruff with a flame- coated hand, still very careful not to let that oil come anywhere close to any of my flesh.
He gives a sad little howl, and then a nod, and so I grab his fur and haul him forward, pulling him as best I can out of that ditch into which he's sunk.
My wolf helps too, taking some of my flame into her mouth and grabbing at his fur, pulling as Gabriel's wolf pushes with his withered little legs, trying desperately to get out, to get free.
He's far too light for a healthy wolf, but still very heavy for me, and it takes a great deal of effort to pull him free of the ditch. But finally he's out, and standing on his own shaking feet, panting and looking around with fear and wonder. He tries to turn, to see more, but his legs give out beneath him and he falls to the ground.
"That's okay, little baby," I say, moving near and conjuring more flames on my hands as my wolf trots in proud circles around us. "We'll get you fixed up soon."
I work on the wolf, passing my hands all over his fur, drying out the darkness and the oil as my wolf discovers that she, too, can carry the flame. She trots all around his soul, drying out the nooks and crannies, ensuring that there's nothing left-no darkness, no oil.
I have no idea how much time has passed, but by the time we're finished I feel very tired. But still, my heart soars at the sight of Gabriel's gorgeous grey wolf with his bright blue eyes, laying happily in his soul, his tongue hanging from his mouth as he pants and stares happily up at my face.
I laugh and scratch his ears as my wolf gives him a happy lick. "I don't know what you're going to do about that," I say, nodding towards the big crater still in his soul. "But...I think my business is done here."
I get to my feet and he looks at me quite mournfully.
"I'm sorry," I say, truly meaning it. "But..." I look over my shoulder to where Jackson's wolf still stands, peering anxiously across the bond bridge. "He's been very patient. And I love him a great deal."
Gabriel's wolf huffs but then stretches out his nose, a whine sounding in his throat, his request quite clear. I bend close, taking his muzzle in my palm as he gives me a long lick, just once, up my cheek.
"You're welcome," I whisper, smiling at him.
And then I turn, my wolf at my side, and cross the bridge back to my soul.
Jackson's woff growls a little, pouty and moody, as we come back to his side. Instantly he gives my wolf a sweet, jealous little nip on her haunch and begins to rub himself all
over her, wiping away any traces of Gabriel's wolf's scent. 
"Possessive," I scold, grinning, watching him with my hands on my hips.
Damn right I'm possessive, Jackson snarls in my mind. Get back here.
I laugh and do as he bids, leaving his wolf to his business and opening my eyes in the real world.
Jackson drops my hand and cups
my
his pretty dark blue gaze. "Are you okay?" no FindNovel
estock, staring into my eyes
"I'm fine," I say, beaming at him.
Jacks exhales, long and slow, resting his forehead against mine, his eye falling
shut. "That was amazing."
"It really was," Jesse breathes.
Confused, I look up at him. "How do you know?"
"You were... glowing," he says, nodding to me eagerly. "All blue. Like aunt Ella when she heals. And," he shrugs, nodding down towards the
Prince laying on the ground. "The results speak for themselves." 
QUMS
For the first time I look down at my un-corrupted mate.
And find what looks like a new man staring up at me in shocked wonder. "Ariel," he whispers.
"Hey, Gabriel,” I say, laughing a little as tears spring to my eyes. "It's nice to meet you."
###Chapter 0857
"Gabe," my mate says, shaking his head at me and working hard to sit up. "Please, call me Gabe."
He groans, though, and falls back.
letting me know that he
"Easy, easy," I say, glancing up at Ben, who nods to me finished administering the antidote via IV and that it all went well. "Your body is still recovering from...well, from when I poisoned you." I grimace. "Sorry about that."
"I'm not sorry about it," Gabriel sighs, turning his head to me and shaking it. "I'm so grateful to you, Ariel. I was completely lost to that darkness - me and my wolf both. And I'm so, so sorry." His eyes take on a true, deep sadness and guilt as he looks over my face, his eyes lingering on the bruise on my jaw.
"Gabe?" Elias asks, hesitant, coming to kneel by my side, Pippa following. "Is it...I mean, is it you?"
"It was always me," Gabriel says, shifting his eyes to his brother. "As shameful as it is, I can't pretend I was body snatched or something. It was me, grasping and jealous and hungry for power. But everything just looked so...different, from inside the darkness." He shakes his head, tears starting in his eyes. "I'm so sorry. Pippa - I," he sighs as she reaches out and takes his hand. "Pippa, I was so horrible to you."
"You were a real brat," she says, laughing a little, her voice thick with tears. "But I forgive you, Gabey-baby. I'm just glad to have you back."
Gabe laughs at what is clearly an old nickname, his eyes fluttering shut in relief and exhaustion.
"Are you...sure he's fixed?" Jesse murmurs, looking anxiously between Jacks and I, Midnight still tucked protectively behind him. "He's not just faking it?”
"He's cleared of the darkness," Jackson murmurs, his voice grumbling as he narrows his eyes at Gabriel. "But like he said – he did all those things, even if his free will was... tainted. I'm not sure he gets to land solidly in the 'good guy' category just yet."
I click my tongue at Jackson, giving his shoulder a little shove, but he just turns his steady gaze on me, shaking his head, letting me know he still doesn't like the guy. And smile@little because...well, because Jacks is biased against anyone who is my mate and has punched me in the face. And I rather like that about him. 
"Do...do you still have your magic?" Midnight ventures, taking a step to the side to peek around Jesse, looking interestedly at Gabriel. Jesse smiles at her, encouraging, and slips an arm around her shoulders.
"I don't know," Gabriel says, looking down at his hands.
As we all watch he begins to experiment with it, creating the sparks of magic that are the part of his skill that he lends to me and then flashing up a shield all around him. Jesse tries his shadows against it and finds that they can't get through.
"Um," Gabriel says, apparently trying something else and failing. He glances at Midnight. "It looks like my powers are what they were before I made a deal with Darkness, which significantly expanded them. Before
-
I could start and stop magic – urge other magic to begin, or create a personal shield against it, but now..." He glances around at all of us. "I can't protect the Castle anymore - that big barrier was only possible with Darkness's influence. And I probably can't shift to this world either." 
I sigh, and nod, sorry to have taken power from him. But still - this has to be better, right? My memory flashes back to his poor wolf,
drowning in that oil. And to Gabriel's hot temper and avarice - I mean, he killed his cousin so that he could take the throne, happy to be Darkness's puppet there. 
Midnight steps back behind Jesse, tucking her face against his back and
wrapping her arms around his waist, looking incredibly anxious. My heart goes out
to her because - what do her powers look like without Darkness's influence? Does she even know?
"Look, this is all very cute," Jesse sighs. "Family reunion with the newly non-evil brother. But..."
###Chapter 0858
Suddenly Jesse's face goes pale and his words fade as he stares at something behind me. I gasp even as Jackson grabs me to him, pulling my back flush against his chest as he, too, turns. But then my eyes go wide as I shriek with fear at the darkness turning there just outside of my cage, slow and furious.
I watch in terror as a man steps from the darkness, his face livid, his eyes fixed on
me.
"You dare," the God of Darkness growls, his eyes flashing, "to take my servant from me?"
He waves a hand and the walls of the cage around us crumble to rust, collapsing to the ground. My heart pounds in my chest as I panic, searching my heart and my mind for something to do - a way out-
Immediately I want to shift back to Atalaxia - but I'm only touching Jackson - I can't leave everyone behind -
Darkness stalks slowly forward, glaring at all of us. Midnight's terrified sobs echo through the air as the god turns his eyes to Gabriel, who sits up with Ben's help. "Submit,” he snarls. "Take back your covenant or suffer death for your betrayal.” "Ariel!" Jackson snarls in my ear. "Go - go back -"
"No!" I cry out, leaning out of his lap and reaching for Pippa, for Ben, for Jesse - for everyone - "I can't leave them!"
"You will!" Jackson commands, pulling me back. "Go!"
"I will not submit," Gabriel says, glaring up at the dark god, shaking his head slowly. "I agreed to your bargain once and found the rewards wanting. I won't do it again, even if it costs me my life."
I cry out at this - horrified at the idea - even as Jackson commands me again and again to shift, to tilt, to go -
"Stop," Jesse snarls, stepping forward towards the God, even as Midnight sobs and begs him to come back. She flashes away and back again and again, apparently trying to vanish Jesse with her somewhere safe -
But somehow I don't know how he resists -
The God of Darkness refocuses his eyes on Jesse, who slowly starts to stalk around Gabriel, heading for me. I reach for him, wanting his hand - wanting to touch everyone so I can take them out of here.
"You fool," the God of Darkness
intones. "You think to command
me? I am not some half-soul in your little Castle school anymore, boy. Your meager powers hold no challenge for me - not in my own land." 
Jesse holds Darkness's gaze as he comes to my side. “What you seem to fail to grasp," Jesse says, slipping his hand in mind and flashing his eyes to me for a single moment, giving a shake of his head. I still, not a understanding. "Is that it's not just nay powers you have to contend with. Not anymore." 
My eyes go wide as Jesse squeezes my hand. And I spin my head to the God, wondering -
Can it be true?
But a memory flashes through my mind - the Goddess, in our little magic
classroom, beaming at Jesse, calling him her protector -
Because his powers, and our bond...
God, we were made for this, weren't we?
Suddenly grasp Jackson's hand tight in my own, even as I squeeze Jesse's "Gabriel!" I shout, extending a leg out to him. "My ankle! Now!" 
He turns his shocked face to me, not understanding. But he obeys - which is all
that really matters, his fingers curling around my bare skin.
And when Jesse begins to let his shadows unfurl, flowing from his hands and his skin in great waves, he summons not only his own power.
But mine too. And Jackson's, and Luca's, and Gabriel's.
So that at the heart of each curl of shadow is a blue flame.
The God of Darkness takes a single step back towards the darkness from which
he emerged. "No," he whispers. "Her fire - how is it..."
But it's too late.
In a single swell of shadow, Jesse's magic surges forward and envelops the God whole.
###Chapter 0859
I gasp, my hand pressed to my mouth, as Jackson tenses behind me. A glance at Gabriel lets me know that he feels it too - Jesse pulling on our magic – that we're experiencing this in a way that the others aren't. Midnight screams in fear, reaching out for Jesse, only held back by Ben who grabs her wrist at the last moment as she dashes for her mate.
Pippa stands very still, pressed close to Elias, as Jesse moves his hands like a sculptor working clay, creating some kind of ball, or a dome. A shape begins to appear before him, surrounding the God of Darkness, like a dome, or an oblong..... oval orb? To the naked eye it all looks very simple and easy - though those of us whose magic is working can clearly feel the God within, pushing against it, pounding against our magic and seeking escape.
But Jesse pushes, taking a step forward, and his shadows swirl slower and slower, becoming solid. A tiny smile starts to form on my mouth as I feel him shaping my magic alongside his – little sparrows and minnows and panthers, all limned in blue, taking shape within the shadows themselves on the dome's hollow form.
And suddenly, I can feel it - complete. Jesse lets his hands fall, his shoulders relaxing, as I laugh and jump to my feet. Jackson gasps, reaching for my hand - unaware that it's done - but I'm too fast, dashing for Jesse and throwing my arms around him.
"That was amazing!" I gasp, nearly strangling my cousin with my hug even as I look over at the solid mass of shadow now sitting in the middle of the wasteland, the blue forms still moving subtly over its surface. "Did you know you could do that!?"
“Um, nope,” Jesse says, giving me a quick squeeze and smiling at me before turning, looking for Midnight. "No, that was sort of...improvised."
He holds out a hand to his little mate and Ben releases her. She runs, sobbing, into his arms. “What is it?” she whispers, shaking, pressing her face against his chest. "What did you do?"
"I don't know,” he murmurs, bending low to drop a kiss to her hair. "It's some kind of...containment."
"It looks like an egg," Jackson says, a little dry, and I grin as I turn to see him still sitting on the ground, his arms wrapped around his knees, studying the solid shadow before him.
"Oh my god, it does..." Ben murmurs and then bursts out laughing, hisz eyes shining with pride as he turns them on Jesse. "Is that what you made? A magic egg to contain the God of Darkness?" 
Jesse's smile is more hesitant even as he, too, laughs, one arm around Midnight as he runs a hand through his hair. "I guess so. But guys - - it's not going to hold him forever. I
mean maybe one day? I cove
something... more solid?" he looks to me now. "But this was hastily done - we have to...we have to move." 
Even as he says it, noise breaks out elsewhere in the Land of Darkness. All of our heads turn to see soldiers, of all things, appearing on the other side of the great cage.
"Shit," Elias whispers, looking frantically around at us. "The King - he finally figured out where Gabriel is - he's sending his soldiers for us -"
Pippa squeaks in fear, pressing herself to his side.
"That thing," I say, fast, pointing to the egg as Jackson gets to his feet and comes immediately to my side. "Can you leave it, Jesse? Or is...is he going to break out the moment you go?"
“I can leave it,” he says, his brow furrowing in confusion. "I made it like the little shadow cat I left with..." his voice fades as he glances down at Midnight, who looks up at himè with wide dark eyes. "Um, I made it like Mittens," he says, looking over at me, his face grim. "I can leave it behind. But seriously, it's... he shudders as we both feeba pulse against our magic, the God of Darkness pressing hard against the inside of the shell. "We can't stay in this land long. He'll come for us again." 
###Chapter 0860
"Okay, well then let's go," Jackson says, all business, pulling me against his chest and reaching out a hand for everyone else.
Everyone scurries close and I take a deep breath, looking around to ensure that we're all here, all touching. When I am sure, I exhale and tilt us all away, the weight of our entire group pulling against my magic in a way that it hasn't before.
We appear a moment later in the palace, but we all shriek and turn towards the door, which is beginning to splinter, someone on the other side starting to break it down.
"Back, back!" Jesse shouts.
I obey, tilting us back to Darkness.
We all stutter back a step when we land, glancing frantically around at the soldiers that are now charging for us from the other side of the castle - slowed by the bars of Gabriel's cage but by no means stopped by them - and over at the shadowy encasement that holds a god hell bent on vengeance.
"Fuck," Elias whispers. "What - what are we going to do -"
"Mids," Jesse says, grasping his little mate by the shoulder and looking at her seriously. "You need to take us out of here. Back to Moon Valley."
"But I can't!" she gasps, shaking her head and pointing upwards. "It's not lined up to here! If I shift, we just go to Atalaxia!"
"Then vanish away first," Gabriel snaps at her, leaning hard against his brother, his body still incredibly weak. "Take them somewhere that aligns with Moon Valley and then shift."
Midnights mouth forms into a little o of surprise and then she nods, stepping away and reaching out her hands. Jesse and Ben move to her side, and Jackson starts that way, but I don't move.
“Them?" I ask, staring at Gabriel. Because - is he not coming?
"Go," Gabriel says, pushing himself up from Elias's side, glancing anxiously at the soldiers who shout and charge our way. “Take Pippa where you'll be safe." He turns his gaze to me. "I have to stay - the King still holds significant influence
can convince him I'm still under Darkness's spell, I can right the wrongs I've made -" 
"You can't shift, Gabriel!" I shout, storming for him.
He goes still as he realizes that I'm right.
"Go!" I bark at Pippa and Elias, shoving them towards Jesse and Ben and Midnight. "I'll take him back."
"Ariel!" Jackson shouts, coming to my side. "We need -"
Vinet
"We need to get the rest of the ambassadors," I snap, taking his hand too. “I'm not leaving them here to die." His eyes go wide as he realizes that I'm right. 
I grab Gabriel's hand as well, looking over at Midnight and the four surrounding her, each with a hand on her shoulder. "Come back for the ambassadors in...twenty minutes. For now, go." 
Jesse looks at me with wide eyes, starting to shake his head, but Midnight - frightened - presses her eyes shut and vanishes them away.
I exhale a sigh of relief.
"This is insane,” Jackson snaps, glaring down at me.
"It is," Gabriel says. I turn my head to the right and can't help my smile when I see that his expression matches Jackson's.
“Oh, you boys,” I sigh. "Why did my grandmother give me two mates so intolerant
of good ole Sinclair chaos? Come on. This is going to work."
On a wave of brash headlong faith, I vanish us back to my bedroom in Atalaxia, one mate on either side.
###Chapter 0861
Jackson, Gabriel, and I immediately focus on the bedroom door, which is roughly splintered now, just moments from being ripped from it hinges. I squeeze their hands, suddenly thinking that my decision to come back here might be a little rash
Who is on the other side of that door?
What are their orders?
Gabriel groans, his legs buckling beneath him in his weakened state, falling back against the bed.
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Jackson growls, storming for him and ducking one shoulder beneath Gabriel's arm, standing again and propping my other mate up. "When they come through that door, you need to be a cruel Prince again. Can you manage that?"
Gabriel growls a bit, glaring at Jackson, even as he nods. "Ariel," he says, gesturing to his side, begging me to come there. "They need to believe you're on my side."
I nod and immediately move there, tucking my hands behind my back and attempting to look as innocent as I can, like I didn't just poison their Prince.
Almost the instant that I take my spot the door shatters, pieces of it coming slamming down.
Soldiers shout as they flood into the room, but they stutter to an awkward stop as they see the Prince standing before them, a nasty sneer on his face, apparently quite well - even if he does have his arm around a sneering Alpha that they don't recognize.
"Is this how you enter my Luna's chambers?" Gabriel snarls, and I snap my head to him, a bit surprised at how easily he falls into his old persona.
"Sir!” the soldier in front says, dipping into a quick bow. "We thought you were in danger! We -"
"Danger?" Gabriel sneers, laughing low. "At my Luna's hand!? You fool. I'll have your head for this."
The soldiers look awkwardly at Jackson, still not getting it, but Gabriel's authority is absolute. "Be gone!" he snaps, waving a hand at them. "If I wished to be disturbed I would have answered the door, you idiots -"
Still not understanding the soldiers begin to back away.
They start to move a lot faster when Jackson takes an aggressive step towards them, snarling low, letting his canines extend to fangs.
"The ambassadors," I whisper, glancing at the door at the soldiers retreating backs as they scurry away - probably to report to the King. "Where will they be?"
"Across the Castle," Gabriel says, slumping a little against Jackson as he turns his head to me. "They'll be close to their quarters, but confined. I think I know where, Ariel, but I - I don't think I can walk - I'll have to give you directions -"
Jackson rolls his eyes at this, apparently finding Gabriel's weakness distasteful, and bends low, scooping Gabriel up in his arms. Gabriel gasps and then snaps his head to snarl at Jackson, his displeasure clear.
"Okay, both of you need to let it go," I snap, one hand on my hip, the other pointing a finger at both of their faces in turn. "Jacks, he was just poisoned, it's not his fault that he's weak And Gabriel, he's helping. I'm not going to be able to follow directions. So, let's go." 
Both snarl unhappily but follow my lead as I stride for the door. Jackson comes to my side as we stride down the hall and then quickly outstrips me so that i have to trot fast -
nearly running to keep up with net
-
him. Gabriel gives confident
ve
directions at each turn, guiding us through, and Jackson's ready snarl and general size and power stop any protest that anyone might have at the sight of the Crown Prince being carried through the halls by a strange man. 
Still, my heart pounds as we go, because Pippa was right – the castle is absolute chaos right now, and the shouts increase as we hurry through the halls, people apparently figuring out that we're here and spreading the word.
"There," Gabriel says finally, pointing towards a heavily guarded door. "They'll be in there."
Jackson nods and strides forward so fast that I have to run to catch up.
The guards at the door hesitate at Gabriel's command to step aside, but when Jackson again places my mate on his feet and the Prince takes a few unsteady steps forward, snarling at them to obey their monarch and fall back if the value their lives, they obey. The guards scatter as we open the door. 
“Hi, hi!” I say, frantic and fast, bursting into the room. All of our Moon Valley ambassadors turn to me with wide-eyed surprise and fear, though their terror abates slightly when they see Jackson at my side. I scowl a bit, not liking that he instills relieved confidence when I do not.
"Okay, everyone join hands, please!"
"What?" the oldest Ambassador says, stepping forward. "Princess, we have to -"
"Hold. Fucking. Hands," Jackson growls, the Alpha command heavy in his voice as he steps aggressively towards my father's men, the implication that he'll tear them apart if they don't clear in his violent snarl.
###Chapter 0862
"Damn," Gabriel says under his breath, watching Jacksons, clearly impressed.
The Ambassadors snap into action, each holding hands in a long train.
"Thank you!" I say, light and cheerful in my Princess Cupcake voice, taking the hand of the eldest Ambassador, who looks down at me in wonder. "Now, when we get there, if everyone can please continue to hold hands -"
"Get where?" the Ambassador asks, his eyes going wide.
"No time for questions!" I say, quite light, turning my head back to Jackson and opening my mouth.
"But Benjamin Ternicki!" the Ambassador says, shaking his head, vehemently.
"Interrupt her again," Jackson snarls, storming forward to loom over the smaller man. "Just once more. And watch what happens."
The ambassador goes very, very pale.
"Thank you sweetie," I say, patting Jackson on the chest. "I'll be back in just two minutes -"
"Wait, what?" Jackson gasps.
But too late, I vanish away with all of the ambassadors in tow.
As one, they gasp and shout as they appear in the Land of Darkness,
overwhelmed and frightened by the onslaught of magic, and the disappearance of
the Atalaxian palace, and the appearance of the new world.
I grimace, but there's no time for explanations or pity as I stride forward, seeking Jesse and Midnight as well as the soldiers.
What's left of the soldiers - certainly not as many as there were dashing for us before - are luckily clustered on the other side of the castle-wide cage, peering at the egg that still holds the God of Darkness, probably wondering what the hell it is.
"Please keep hold of the hands, please!" I call out to the Ambassadors, stepping forward, peering around, looking for two figures -
And there -
"Midnight!" I shout out into the air, cupping my hands to my mouth. "Jesse!"
The little figure's head snaps towards me and I smile.
They vanish and a moment later appear at my side.
“Hi,” Jesse says, giving me a warm grin as Midnight looks up at me with wide, frightened eyes. She, too, glances over at the shadow encasement that holds the God of Darkness, worried.
"The others, did you get them out?" I ask, anxious.
"We brought them to the yurt," Jesse
says, his tones frustrated as he
glances down at Midnight.
"She... we're having trouble
convincing Midnight that Moon
Valley is safe." 
"Full of ruffians," she murmurs, wrapping her arms around herself. "And whores."
My eyes go wide but Jesse shakes his head at me, clearly letting me know not to question it.
"Jesse," I whisper, shaking my own head in turn. "You have to get them back -"
"Look, just give me time," he murmurs, glancing at the ambassadors. "We're back at the yurt for now. What do you want me to do?"
"Take them," I say, gesturing towards the Ambassadors, who all still stand quiet and still, holding hands like a line of kindergarteners. I can't help but smile at the sight of them. 
en FindNovel
"Ariel," Jesse snaps, putting a hand on my shoulder that draws my attention back
to him. "What are you going to do?"
"Don't worry about me," I say, shaking my head and giving him a confident smile.
"Of course I'm worried about you -"
"I have Jacks," I say, giving a happy little shrug.
Jesse grins at me. And then nods. "You want us to come to come back for you?"
"I think you need to focus on getting your crew back to Moon Valley, Jesse," I say, my hands reaching up to anxiously in my hair. "And get in touch with dad and Roger - tell them what's going on. Don't worry about me and Jacks we can
―
handle it. Do you - do you think you
need me?" 
I glance down at Midnight, who still looks towards the egg, wondering if she can truly be trusted to save Pippa and Elias and Ben and all of these ambassadors -
"Hey,” Jesse says, patting my shoulder. I blink and look back at him. "You trust me, I trust you, yeah? Let's just...each do our jobs."
I smile and throw my arm around him in quick impulse. My cousin hugs me back
for a moment, giving me a tight squeeze before letting me go.
"I'll see you at the palace, right?" I say, pointing a finger at his face, meaning it much more as a command than a question.
"You got it, Princess," Jesse says, laughing and taking Midnight's hand, leading her over to the line of ambassadors. "And when you do? We're having drinks. Big ones."
I laugh and nod my agreement before I shift again, back to the room where I left Jackson and Gabriel.
My eyes go wide at the sight that greets me there.
###Chapter 0863
“I should have killed you on that battlefield,” the King of Atalaxia snarls, his eyes focused on me, "instead of listening to this foolish boy when he said he could
control you."
The King moves slowly across the room, black lightening flickering in his hands as he approaches. I take a gasping step back, reaching for Jackson, who I know is there. I can feel his fury as he presses me to his chest for a single instant before moving me gently to the side, starting to tuck me behind his back.
"She is my luna," Gabriel snarls. "I do control her!" He does his best to stand alone on shaky legs, though I can tell by his gasping breaths that he's in no position to be standing, let alone fighting. Guilt sweeps through me because this is my fault - the poison has made him so weak -
"You have control?" the King snaps, his lightening flashing out behind him to slam the door shut in the faces of the dozen soldiers who stand there, wide-eyed. "Such control that our protective barrier has fallen? Such control that Moon Valley jets are on their way now to drop their bombs on us?"
I go pale at this, because - would my father do that? Bomb a palace full of innocents, just to kill this King?
"I am in charge here," Gabriel growls, glancing over at me. Down our bond I feel our first communication – stilted and unsteady - but a clear request to play along.
I nod to him, subtle, and pass the communication to Jacks.
Jacks gives his answer back instantly. No.
"You are a fool," the King growls, reaching out a hand towards Gabriel, the black lightening swarming there. "A fool and a murderer - you took my son, you ceded your control to this bitch – and for that you will die –“
The lightening flashes out all through the room and I scream -
But to my shock it does not burn, instead binding me - binding me to my place in the room, to the floor, each of my limbs locked so that I cannot move. My eyes were already turned towards Gabriel so I can see that he is the same - locked in place, completely at this King's mercy -
I try to cry out, but no sound emerges -
I try to tilt, to go to the Dark realm, to escape - but nothing -
Terror sweeps though me as the King advances on Gabriel, pulling a knife from his belt, clearly intent on delivering death to his heir.
But a sudden roar fills the room and behind me I feel Jackson move - feel him shift -
His wolf's form bounds past me in an instant, completely unbound and aiming right for the king, his fangs bared. If I could gasp or scream in shock I would, but all I can do is watch from the corner of my eye as the King spins towards my mate, raising his dagger high in the air as he emits a terrified scream -
But it's too late.
Jackson's knife-tipped paws hit the King's shoulders, taking him fast to the ground. And then Jackson's teeth are in the King's neck.
I know the moment it is done, when the magic releases me and I stumble forward.
Gabriel falls hard to his knees with a groan and I dash to him, though my eyes are on Jackson as he snarls down at the King, at the ragged hole in his neck, at his dead eyes, royal blood dripping from my mate's fangs.
"Oh...oh my god," Gabriel whispers as Jackson shifts back, his chest heaving with breath and adrenaline, turning towards us with blood dripping down his chin and over his shirt.
Jackson snarts, more wolf than man just now as he strides for me, even though he's in his human form. He holds a hand out, a demand, and take it He pulls me to my feet, looking me over, a snarl still slipping through his teeth. 
A pulse of emotion comes down the bond - a question - needing to know that I'm
all right.
I nod to him, shaken and afraid but fine.
"Let's go," he orders, low and grim.
"We can't leave him," I whisper, gesturing down at Gabriel.
"He is a King now," Jackson snaps, glaring down at Gabriel, a sneer on his lips.
"Let him face his own people and whatever retribution they have for him."
I hesitate only a second before I nod, looking back down at Gabriel. "I have to go,"
I say, taking another step towards Jackson.
Gabriel gapes at me, his heart clearly breaking. Because our bond - it is intact. And even if I am thoroughly irrevocably dedicated to Jackson now to Jackson alone - my wolf
still owls at the thought of leaving him. 
"Please," Gabriel says, shaking his head, begging. "Please, don't go -" Jackson snarls and pulls me closer to his side.
I sigh and reach up for Jackson's face. He flinches away at first, still feeling very murderous - not at all in the mood to be cosseted - but he checks himself a moment later and ducks his head, submitting to my caress. 
###Chapter 0864
"Jacks," I say quietly, stroking a thumb over his bloody beard, loving him a great deal. "I need a minute with Gabriel alone."
His eyes flash, accompanied by a rough snarl. Gabriel flinches back, but I just
smile.
"No," Jackson growls, pulling me closer.
I laugh a little and shake my head. "It wasn't a request, baby."
He takes a deep angry breath in through his nose, clearly mulling it over in his mind. When he exhales, his breath carries a heavy growl. "I am not leaving you," he says, shaking his head.
But I just sigh and vanish us away to the Dark world, where we stand alone. "I'm going to take two minutes, Jacks. And then I'm coming back here."
"Ariel," Jackson snarls, shaking his head, not letting go of me.
But I step away, gently twisting my wrist in a request that he let me go. Not forcing him but...letting him know that I wish to be free.
"Two minutes, Jacks," I say, looking him clear in the eyes. "And then the rest of our lives. Me and you. Okay?"
He huffs out a sigh, putting his hands on his hips, and then he hangs his head and nods, I think unable to turn down that offer.
"I love you," I say, beaming at him.
"Any sign of danger, Ariel," he snarls, lifting livid eyes to mine. "And you cut that two minutes short."
"I promise,” I say, pressing my hands to my chest. And then I vanish back to Atalaxia to say goodbye to my Prince.
When I appear back in the room with the Prince and the corpse of the King, I find Gabriel looking very pale.
"What am I going to do?" he murmurs, shaking his head. "How will I explain this?"
"Tell them the truth," I say, kneeling next to him and looking a bit sorrowfully at the dead King. I mean, he was a horrible man, but the end of a life...it is always a weighty thing, always significant. "Tell them Jackson did it. Or that I did. Blame Moon Valley, we'll be happy to take the credit."
Gabriel looks at me, his eyes full of wonder and a bit of fear. "I'm King."
"You're King," I say, reaching out to stroke a hand over his hair. "Can I trust you to rule well? Or do I have to kill you too?"
Gabriel laughs for a second but then stills when he realizes that I mean it.
"I want to work with you, Gabriel," I say quietly. "But Atalaxia needs to change. No more enslaving humans. No more keeping women illiterate and confining them when they get their period."
Slowly he nods. "It will take time. But we can do it."
"Moon Valley will give you whatever aid we can if that's truly your goal," I say. "But
if we get any information that it is not, we will destroy you. And the next time I
come here, it will be with a knife at your throat."
"God damn it, Ariel," he says, laughing a little in shock, shaking his head. "I did not expect...you are a surprise."
"Yes," I murmur, smirking a bit. "You underestimated me. It was to my advantage."
"Please," he begs, shaking his head, lifting a hand to caress my face. "Please stay, Ariel. Stay with me. Be my Luna and my Queen - this world needs you - we could be so good together, and could truly change Atalaxia...” 
But his words fade as I just look at him with a bit of pity in my eyes.
Gabriel sighs, his shoulders slumping. "You love that other one, don't you?"
I grin a bit. "You know his name."
Gabriel narrows his eyes. "Yes. I do. I know all about him, Ariel, and the Community.too - probably more than you do. I also know that McClintock isn't even a real
surname. You'd pick a nameless
brute over a Prince? Over being Queen?" 
"Your prejudice is showing, highness," I say with a smirk, my wolf growling warning in my soul. "Besides you forget that my mother was an orphan too, that she was also nameless. But she's a Sinclair now. And she's made a magnificent Queen. I think Jacks and will do quite well as a Sinclair." 
Gabriel blushes and looks away, rueful. "I can't live up to him in your eyes, can I?"
"If it helps," I whisper, truly feeling sorry. "No one can."
"I still think I'm better looking," Gabriel grumbles, discontent.
I just settle back my shoulders a little and smile. Because he is getting dumped,
after all. I don't need to rub it in by telling him that he's wrong.
"Anyway, Gabe," I say quietly, rolling up my sleeve and extending my arm to him.
"I have to go. But I want your mark, if you'll give it to me."
He turns to me, his eyes wide. "What?"
"Your mark, please," I say quietly, nodding down at my wrist. "Granny's orders."
###Chapter 0865
Gabriel laughs, low and pretty, and takes my wrist in his warm hand, tracing his fingers lovingly over my skin. A shiver passes through me and lovely sparks bloom in the air all around us, making us smile.
"Big demand to make of a King," Gabriel murmurs, looking down at the soft flesh of my inner arm. "With nothing to offer in return."
I laugh a little. "I already cleared you of Darkness today," I say quietly. "What else do you want?"
"A kiss,” he answers, turning his pretty blue eyes back to me. My breath catches and my wolf yips excitedly in my soul, urging me forward.
Traitor, I growl at her, laughing inwardly.
He's our mate too, she says, trotting around with her tail held high. Do it! Kiss him!
I smile at Gabriel. "One kiss. After the mark." I nod decidedly at my arm.
He laughs again, throaty and sensual, and I have to admit...he is very sexy, when he's not all consumed by darkness.
Do it, do it, my wolf chants. I give her a little smack on the rump, other ignoring her.
"She drives a hard bargain, my mate," Gabriel murmurs, lowering his mouth to my arm. Gently, almost reverent, he presses a soft kiss there. And then he extends his fangs, and closes his eyes, and sinks them into my flesh, giving me his mark.
I groan, my head falling back on my neck - because it hurts like fucking hell - but it also – god, I can feel it, the bond ringing rich and true in our souls, the magic that floods over to me, his gift as much as my grandmother's. I pant a little, my eyes pressed tight against the intensity of it, and as I try to balance the new fullness of my soul with the flash of pain that consumes my entire arm.
When it's done, Gabriel lifts his face from my wrist and slips a hand behind my neck.
"The other half of the bargain now," he murmurs and pulls me close, pressing his mouth to mine.
I moan a little at this too, tasting my blood on his lips, my wolf howling for want of him. Because it's true I do - I want him. I want to explore things with my most challenging mate, the only one who has ever truly stood up to me. I want to stay, and to help him get better to help this entire land and all of it's people. 
I want him. I want him badly.
But...not nearly as much as I want Jacks.
I run my hands through his hair once, cupping the back of his head in my palm,
and move my lips one last time against his before I pull away.
"Gabriel," I whisper, smiling softly at him, regretting it but knowing what needs to be done.
He just looks back at me, his eyes half-lidded and stunned.
"Gabriel, I reject you," I whisper, meaning it with every inch of my heart.
My wolf howls as she stands at the edge of the bridge between our souls, howling mournfully before she lowers her teeth to the edge of the bond and begins to tear it away.
Gabriel groans, reaching for me, his wolf howling horribly in pain as my
wolf continues to destroy our band. But even as pain races through me, even as I'm wracked with it, Chold on 
Hold on to just...one little piece, just like Luca did, at the end of his bond with me. One tiny piece to unite us forever. Because I can't - I can't bear to let him go completely. He is mine, after all, as complicated as he i?, as horrible as he's been. 
Gabriel - my Atalaxian Prince, my mate. He's mine.
He groans again, slumping against me as my wolf finishes, panting and in pain.
"I'm sorry," I murmur, stroking a hand over his hair. "I have to go."
A heavy, demanding knock comes at the door just as Jackson appears at my side
to loom over us, angry and worried.
###Chapter 0866
"Highness!" the voice commands. "Please, highness! Are you all right!?"
"It's been three minutes," Jackson growls.
Gabriel groans and pushes himself up straight, looking into my eyes one last time, devastated. Silently he nods, giving me permission to go.
I smile back at him even as I reach for Jackson's hand. He pulls me shakily to my feet and sniffs my hair, starting back a step and frowning down at me. "Did you..."
"Let's go, Jacks," I say, exhausted and shaky after breaking the bond with my mate.
"Oh my god, Ariel," Jackson murmurs, frustrated. He shakes his head even as he wraps me up in his arms. My eyes are on Gabriel for one last moment as Jackson and I tilt away to the Land of Darkness, leaving the Prince - now King - alone with the corpse of his uncle to face whatever fate awaits him. A fate of his own making, after all.
The Land of Darkness is surprisingly quiet when we arrive. I look around in
surprise, searching for the soldiers I saw before. But the only thing I can see is the shadowy enclosure that still holds the God of Darkness - though it shudders once from the inside, clearly starting to weaken.
"Where...is everyone?" I whisper.
"Soldiers went away," Jackson says, heaving an easy shrug, his eyes on me. Softly he pushes back my hair, inspecting my neck. "Well? Where is it?"
"Where's what?" I ask, turning my head to look up at him.
Jackson just raises one eyebrow at me, willing me to remember.
"Oh," I say, laughing and holding out my arm, which continues to ache, looking down at Gabriel's mark still raw and bloody on my wrist. "Sorry, Jacks."
He takes my arm in his hand and glances at my face once before returning his eyes to the wrist. "Did you want it?"
"I asked him for it."
Jackson takes a deep breath and fixes his eyes on mine. "You know what I'm asking you, Ariel."
I smile and pull my arm from his hands, letting it fall to my side as I reach my other arm up, cupping the soft skin of Jackson's neck in my palm. "I wanted the magic, Jacks wanted to collect his mark, as my grandmother told me was my birthright. But the only mark really want is yours. This one?" glance down at the mark. "When it heals? It will already be faded. Yours I will carry forever." 
Jackson snarls, possessive, and pulls me close, looking intently down into my face. "Ariel," he sighs, shaking his head as he stares at like I'm the great mystery and
frustration and love of his life
beam back at him, sending all of my love down our bond in a heavy swell. "Can we go home, please?" 
"Yes," I say, smiling up into his face, blissfully happy even though we're no where
near out of trouble. "But, um...can you carry me?"
He looks at me with concern, his eyes scanning all over me, looking for a problem. "Why?"
"Because I just rejected my mate, Jacks," I say, laughing and standing on my toes, reaching up, wanting him close. "And I'm all sick and exhausted."
"Oh god, Ariel," Jackson sighs, scooping me up into his arms and holding me close. "Of course I'll carry you." He presses a kiss to my forehead and nuzzling against
warm and generous and kind net
as
always is, even if I now have a second mark that's not his. My
—
Jacks always so good to me.
he
"I love you, Jacks," I whisper, pressing a kiss to his shirt as I rest my head against
his shoulder.
"I love you too, Ariel,” he replies, striding through the land of Darkness, clearly
already knowing where he's headed.
"Where are we going?" I ask with a little frown.
"To my tent," he says with a sigh. "To get my backpack and my ATV. And then we're out of here."
I blink up at him, surprised and confused. "You have a tent?"
###Chapter 0867
"Mids," Jesse sighs, putting his hands on his hips and shaking his head at Midnight, exhausted and frustrated. He peeks over the top of the separating screen that Juniper gave them, well aware that the tent full of ambassadors and Atalaxian royals is listening to their heated conversation and casually pretending that they're not.
"I don't want to go," Midnight growls, curled in a ball at his feet, her face tucked tight against her knees and her hands sunk deep in her hair. "You can't make me!"
"I can't make you," Jesse agrees through his teeth, crouching down next to her. "But if we stay here, we're all going to get killed."
"We won't get killed," she hisses, whipping her face up to glare at him. "I will negotiate with Darkness when he breaks out of that stupid egg! I will assure him that we are still his humble servants! He'll just kill all of them!" She jerks her head towards everyone else in the tent.
One of the eavesdropping ambassadors groans in fear. Another hisses at him to shut up.
"Oh, Midnight," Jesse sighs, falling back on his ass and reaching out to stroke Midnight's back. This conversation has been going on for...far too long. And every moment that passes gets a lot closer to that reality - to Darkness getting free, and coming here, and destroying them all.
Except, unlike Midnight, Jesse has no intention of declaring his fealty to evil or watching his countrymen die.
"What are you really scared of, Mids?" he asks, continuing to softly stroke her back. "What's stopping you from letting me take you home and give you a wonderful life?"
She just shakes her head and tucks her face back against her knees, as she's been doing this entire time.
"I mean, everyone's going to be really nice to you," Jesse says softly. "I'm sure they can't wait to meet you. You're going to have a fantastic life in Moon Valley."
"They'll make me be a whore," she moans.
Jesse can't help laughing, just a little. "M ight, I promise, no one will make you be a whore."
She goes silent and Jesse lets her have a moment to think.
When she speaks again, Midnight's voice is softer than before, and laced with fear. "She's going to take my magic from me," she whispers.
"Who is?" Jesse asks, his shoulders straightening in surprise.
"The blonde rat!" Midnight moans, devastated at the idea.
Jesse frowns at his mate for a second, confused, and then bursts into a smile. "You mean Ariel?"
Midnight lifts her head and nods vehemently. But when she realizes that Jesse is laughing, she smacks at him, hard, with her tiny hand.
"It's not funny!"
"I mean, calling Ariel a blonde rat is very funny," Jesse says, scooting closer to Midnight and tugging her close. "But why would you think she would take your magic away?"
"Because she took that Prince's magic away," Midnight murmurs, leaning against him. "And now he's all weak and useless."
"And healthy," Jesse adds. "And not corrupted. That darkness was making him horrible, Mids. He punched Ariel and...probably did all sorts of other awful stuff that the corruption made him do."
Midnight turns her face up to Jesse's, her eyes wide and sad and shining. "If you think the corruption makes people horrible," she whispers. "Do you think I'm horrible?"
"I think you're magnificent," Jesse
replies, stroking a hand over her hair, speaking his honest truth. "I think that whatever that darkness does to people you've somehow managed
to resist it for years. I think you're a miracle." 
Her little mouth begins to tremble and Jesse's whole heart aches.
"I have to admit, though," he adds, soft. "It breaks my heart to see your little wolf sunk in the Darkness like that. I want to see her running free. And you too."
Jesse's wolf howls in his soul, standing at the edge and peering over at Midnight's long-suffering wolf, sunk deep in the dark oil, panting hard, her eyes lit with a maniacal glow.
Midnight just slowly shakes her head. "Jesse, I don't know who I am without the Darkness," she says quietly. "I...I don't remember agreeing to the bargain. I don't remember...who I am."
"You'll still be you," he whispers.
"What if I'm not?" she asks, tears slipping down her cheeks. "What if darkness is too much of who I am? What if I'm...gone?"
Jesse sighs, completely without an answer for that concern. Because Midnight is right. Gabriel - his whole personality shifted when the darkness left him. Midnight - would
—
she fose herself completelow
Become someone else? 
His wolf snarls at the idea, hating it. Because as strange as this little person is, she's already become so incredibly important to him.
"I promise you, Midnight,” Jesse says, pressing his hand to his heart. "No one will force you to give up your magic or your darkness unless you ask it. I promise."
She looks away, clearly considering it.
"But Midnight, we've got to go," he
says. "Darkness - he doesn't love
you in the way you think he does. He doesn't care. He'll kill you along with the rest of us - I seriously think that's true. He thinks that you
—
betrayed him - he'll take you out as a threat" 
Midnight considers for a moment longer, beginning to rock back and forth, clearly
torn and not handling this big decision well.
###Chapter 0868
"Do you...just want to go back to be with the whore?" she whispers.
Jesse grits his teeth against a sigh because...well. Because he does want to see Daphne again. Very, very badly. "Mids, I promise that I want to go back to keep us safe."
"Are you going to go to her?" she snaps, turning to him with a frown.
"You are my first priority," he says, assured, leaning close to her. "I actually want you two to meet -"
She snarls, turning away, and Jesse grimaces, realizing he may have said the wrong thing.
"Midnight," he sighs, dropping his head into his hands. "Please."
"I don't want to leave my house," she says, quite mournful.
"You'll have a new house - a whole palace -"
"No," she snarls, starting to cry. "I want...this is my home, Jesse. It's the only home I've ever had."
He sighs and looks up at her again, realizing that his offer was callous. "Then we'll take it with us."
"What?" she says, turning towards him in surprise.
"We'll take it, the whole thing,” he says with a shrug. "Whatever you want, Mids. We'll do it."
"You're not just saying that?" she whispers. "To make me go?"
"Midnight, I love you very much," Jesse says, putting both of his hands on her shoulders. "I want you to have everything that you want and need. If that is this yurt, then hell yeah we're taking it to Moon Valley."
She looks to the side, her mouth twisting. "And I can decide...who comes in and out of the yurt?"
"Of course," he says, his heart lifting.
She turns back just a little to glare at him from the corner of her dark eye. "So...I can have a rule? No whores in my yurt?"
Jesse works hard to fight his smile and fails. "Not a single whore in the yurt, Midnight. I promise."
She exhales slowly with her eyes closed.
Jesse waits, barely breathing.
"Fine," Midnight snaps, suddenly jumping to her feet. "But we have to go now."
"All right!” Jesse says, jumping to his
feet and very nearly knocking the screen down in his hurry to get everything sorted. "I need all hands dismantling this yurt, and everything inside it, into as small a package as possible! Everyone hold a little bit if you have to!" 
The entire group just stares at Jesse for a long moment of shock.
And then at once, they leap to the task, hope humming through the room.
Midnight stands at Jesse's side, watching everyone dismantle her home, tears in her eyes.
Mark and Rafe stand on the palace roof, watching as the helicopter comes in for the landing.
"Did we seriously have to come up here?" Mark sighs, shaking his head and glancing at his brother. "It's not like Hank doesn't know how to get inside."
"Mom asked us to greet her friend," Rafe bites out, glaring at his little brother. "So, we're doing it."
"Ariel's in Atalaxia, Juniper's in the freaking underworld, both of them facing death and negotiating wolf and cosmic power matches," Mark mutters, scuffing the toe of his boot. "And we're here saying hi to a delinquent." 
"Oh, be polite," Rafe says, unable to help laughing a little as he gives Mark a little shove. "I'm sure even you can take a little human delinquent on. She can't be that tough."
"Mom said she got kicked out of school for trying to set it on fire," Mark murmurs.
Rafe laughs and shakes his head, focusing on the helicopter as it begins to land. "She was suspended for being incendiary and rallying her fellow students to protest. That's...very different."
Mark mutters further discontent but Rafe ignores him, straightening his shoulders and preparing to meet Hank and his delinquent daughter with as much grace as he can muster. Hank called earlier, letting Ella know he had to bring his daughter along with him on the trip as there was no one to stay home with her and ensure that she didn't get into any further trouble. Ella had, of course, been enthusiastic about the addition – but Rafe? He wasn't so sure. She sounds like a handful and he doesn't really want any further trouble right now, not with his life already falling apart. 
-
Both Rafe and Mark watch closely as Hank steps out of the helicopter and waves
to them before turning back to the door and getting in an argument with whoever
is still inside.
Rafe grimaces a little as the argument continues for way longer than it should, until Hank has to reach bodily into the helicopter and yank his daughter forward.
The moment she appears - tall and slim, in baggy jeans and an oversized hoodie, a disgruntled sneer pasted over her mouth - Rafe's expression drops from his face.
His wolf goes still in his soul, staring forward at her.
Rafe's heart basically stops beating as Hank and his daughter come forward, Hank arm wrapped forcefully around her elbow, obliging her to come along, clearly against her will.
But no...it's impossible...Hank's daughter, she's...human...
"Hey Mark, Rafe," Hank says, perfectly amiable, apparently missing the fact that Rafe is frozen to the spot and not breathing. "You remember my daughter, right? Say hello, Maryam."
Maryam just sneers at the princes, clearly refusing to obey.
Rafe's wolf howls in delight.
###Chapter 0869
The Land of Darkness hums in peaceful silence beneath its trio of moons. A dark weasel sets his little rump on the ground and sighs contentedly, raising his nose to the sky, sniffing in the cool night air. Or day air. It doesn't really know - it's all the same here. It begins to wonder if there's any wild cabbage growing close by
WHAM.
-
The weasel screeches and turns on its tail, dashing away from the twenty-four people that suddenly appeared from absolutely nowhere, each with their arms full of a piece of yurt or a treasured possession.
"Are they all here?" Midnight gasps, dropping Jesse's hand and running around to check, her favorite little stuffed penguin still clutched to her chest.
“Um,” Elias says, standing on his toes and using his superior height to look around at all the ambassadors. "Yes, I'm counting twenty, and then all of us – I think we all made it -"
"Not all the people - I don't care about them -" Midnight snaps, glaring at Elias. "I'm talking about all the pieces of my house!"
"I'm sure it's all here," Pippa says very soothingly, reaching out a hand to pat Midnight on the shoulder while Ben fights to keep his face straight, avoiding the urge to laugh. "We know how important it is to you, Midnight - we've all been very careful to make sure we got it all." Midnight growls and flashes her teeth at Pippa, not trusting her. Not yet.
"Where...where is here?" Jesse asks, turning in a circle and peering around with a frown on his face. Honestly, it all looks...exactly the same as the place they just left. Just hills and waste in the darkness. Midnight promised that she'd vanish them all away to somewhere that lined up with Moon Valley but...god, how does she know?
"Can't you see my map?" Midnight says, turning away from the quiet and wide- eyed ambassadors who keep their respective yurt pieces held tight in their arms, awaiting further instruction and praying not to die.
"Map?" Jesse asks, frowning.
Midnight nods and points around at the ground. "See? All etched into the dirt. It's the map of your stupid Alpha castle with all the big boys running around in it.”
Jesse's eyes go wide as he sees what she's talking about - that Midnight has, indeed, painstakingly drawn out a map of Alpha Academy on the ground, presumably so that she could more effectively spy on him for Darkness.
"So...you..." he exhales sharply, hardly able to believe that it's so close that this whole insane journey is so nearly finished. "That's where we are? One more vanish and we're...in Alpha Academy?"
"Well, that's what you wanted, isn't it?" Midnight snaps, turning to him and putting one hand on her hip. "That's what you made me give up my entire life for, and destroy my house, and betray the Dark God -"
"We're very grateful, Mids," Jesse says, stepping forward and ending the harangue before Midnight can have a melt down and second guess herself yet again. “And trust me – it's right. But you can't take us to the palace? In the capital?"
Her little shoulders slump as she looks at him, tired and afraid. "I don't know where that is. I – it took a long time to find your stupid boy school."
Jesse smiles at the description, stroking a hand over her hair, looking with a great deal of love at her dark eyes, her sad little face. "The Academy will do perfectly, Mids. Thank you so much. We're ready when you are, okay?"
He looks up around at all of the collected people, each of whom looks hopeful and excited, except perhaps Elias, who looks worriedly at Pippa, and Pippa herself, who stands with her eyes closed, her arm looped around her Alpha, her other balancing a basket full of Midnight's kitchen supplies. 
"Where in the castle do you want to go?" Midnight whispers, looking up at Jesse with a great deal of faith in her eyes.
"Um, maybe to our room?" he offers, wanting someplace safe and secure for her to land.
"Okay, this way!" Midnight says, turning and striding off to another part of her little map. Jesse blinks when he recognizes the space that she walks over to - where Midnight has carefully detailed the shape of the room he shares with Rafe and Ariel, including the details of the location of their couch, their beds... 
Damn, how much did she spy on them?
"Everyone stay in the lines!" Midnight calls as the entire group begins to step within the threshold of the map. "If you don't, you'll shift to Moon Valley inside a wall and then you'll be dead!"
Jesse spins to her with his eyes wide. "Is that true!?"
"No," she grumbles as the gathered crowd gasps and presses in close to each other fastidiously avoiding the lines that demarcate the sides of the room It will just be easier if we're all together. If they're scared they'll listen to me." 
###Chapter 0870
Jesse stares at his little mate for a moment and then huffs out a laugh, shaking his head and taking her hand. "All right, Mids. Do your work."
Everyone else again shuffles around and holds hands or otherwise makes contact with their neighbor so they can all travel together, quietly waiting, expectant.
Jesse watches closely as Midnight exhales a long breath, looking around at the Land of Darkness as if she's saying goodbye to it. Jesse squeezes her hand and she looks up at him.
"You promise?" she whispers, a great deal of trepidation in her voice.
He gives her a soft smile in return, leaning close to press a kiss to her hair, knowing that she's asking if he means it - everything he promised her. That his family will be kind, that Ariel won't take her magic away unless Midnight asks, that she will have a wonderful life.
“I promise, Mids,” he says, nearly a whisper. "Every word."
Midnight exhales slowly and the entire crowd of twenty-four instantly disappears, nothing but their footprints left behind.
The Land of Darkness returns to its eternal state. Quiet, and dark, and peaceful beneath the sky lit by three moons.
I rest my cheek against the expanse of Jackson's back, feeling mildly miserable physically, even if my wolf sings for joy in my soul. The ATV rumbles as Jackson drives it through the darkness of the Atalaxian night. My body moves and shifts along with it, jolting this way and that as we go, Jackson's backpack shifting distractingly on my back as well. But even if I am not in the most comfortable sleeping position, I doze.
I slip in and out of sleep, my body exhausted from whipping from the extreme of a new mark to the rejection of a mate. All the while my left arm throbs, pain radiating from my wrist. Not for the first time in the past week I wish for my mother. God, having a magical healer in the family sure didn't inculcate a very strong sense of pain tolerance in me, did it?
I lift my head slightly when the ATV begins to slow, blinking back to the present.
Jackson has been all business from the moment he started striding out of those cages in the Land of Darkness, me in his arms. There wasn't a great deal of small talk or conversation as he carried me across that wasteland and far enough outside the cages that when he shifted us back to our world we couldn't be seen from the Castle. Instead, Jackson concentrated singularly on finding his little campsite again, getting that packed up in under two minutes and then driving us hastily away.
"How are you?" he murmurs, bringing the ATV to a stop and then turning to me from his spot ahead of me, his long legs straddled on either side of the machine.
I give him a tentative smile. "I'm stiff and tired. But otherwise I'm great!"
"Great," he grumbles, shaking his head a little and huffing a doubtful laugh. "Ariel, you're always gorgeous, but for heaven's sake you look like you're going to fall off this thing."
"I do not," I murmur, frowning at him and sitting up a little. I immediately betray my over-confident assertion by tilting slightly to the side and losing my balance - just a bit.
Jacks laughs and flashes out a hand, catching me by the arm and setting me up right.
"Why'd we stop?" I ask as Jackson
cups my cheek in his palm and passes me a little energy. "You stop
that," I snarl, smacking his hand
away You're running low, Jackson
-
even if you pretend you're not.
You'll be a skeleton by the time we
get home." 
"I've been lower than this," he murmurs, giving me a smug little smirk and
swinging his leg over the seat before standing straight. "And we're camping here for the night."
"What!?" I squeak, looking around at
the seemingly random field, all tall green grass situated next to a pretty little stream. "Why!? Can't we go home Can't we just...call my mom and make her send a 
helicopter!?"
Jackson laughs and shakes his head, taking a cell phone from its place in a little saddle bag on the side of the ATV. "Lost charge days ago."
"And you didn't bring a charger!?"
"Where would I plug it in?" Jacks asks, leaning down a bit to grin at me.
I scowl up at him, sighing a little with
disappointment because....well, I really did want to get home to see all my family. And to just rest. "What's the point of a being a Princess if you can't call a helicopter up at will?" I grumble, crossing my arms over my chest with a pout. 
"Poor baby," Jackson coos, a bit dry.
I laugh, looking up at my gorgeous mate, framed as he is against the star-lit sky above...
And I consider that...well. There are worse things than camping alone with your mate in the middle of nowhere, aren't there?
###Chapter 0871
"Plus," Jackson says, putting his hands on his hips and looking down at the ATV with an odd, almost fond expression. "The machine needs to charge. Clever little device, this is doesn't need any power source to regenerate, just time."
My wolf grumbles a little, jealous, because quite frankly we want to be the only clever little thing that Jackson looks at that approvingly. I laugh at myself even as I slowly climb off the machine, knowing that I'm being ridiculous. "Is it safe?" I ask. "To stop here?
I look over my shoulder at the expanse of Atalaxia that we've crossed, though of course I can't see far. The grass stretches for miles in quietly rolling hills. Earlier today we crossed desert wasteland too, but these grassy bits with occasional streams shallow enough for us to ride right through - I like them more.
"Should be safe, Atalaxia is big and they'd have to send out a hell of a lot of troops to find us," Jackson says, helping to steady me and then brushing my hair back over my shoulders when I stand straight and adjust the pack strapped to my back. “Besides, with the Atalaxian King dead and his heir being rather
predisposed to like you...I don't think that there's going to be a big search party on our tail."
I laugh a little and grin up at my mate. "And even if they did, my clever Jackson was way too careful in covering our tracks, right?"
He barks out a little laughs and slips his arms around my shoulders. "I prioritized speed, Princess. We should hit the borders of Moon Valley tomorrow and then we can get home."
"So...we're spending the night here?" I ask, looking eagerly around. I mean, for all of Atalaxia's faults, this bright field is...pretty gorgeous, with the wind blowing softly through the grasses and all that expanse of sky overhead.
Jackson hums a confirmation and beings walking us towards the little stream. "Do you mind?" he asks, glancing down at me. "I know it's more rugged than you're used to."
"No, I love camping!" I say, genuinely enthused. "And honestly Atalaxia has ruined me a bit for luxury for a while. If I never see gold leaf again, it will be too soon."
Jackson smirks, nods, and kneels down by the stream, reaching up and giving me a little mental nudge that clearly requests the backpack. I hand it over, sitting down as Jackson pulls off his boots and then takes a little bar of soap and a bottle of water out of the bag, handing the latter to me.
I sip quietly at the water as Jackson pulls off his shirt and moves closer to the very shallow stream, putting his feet in and then dipping low to splash water up over his face, washing a great deal of King's blood off his face and chest.
My wolf and I sit very quietly as we watch Jackson's makeshift little bath, my shoulders and spine straight. Because...heavens.
My fierce warrior mate, King's blood and fresh water running long down his body, rippling over his stomach The blood of a King that my mate killed because he threatened me; a King whose death likely signals the end of a very long war. 
Jackson cups his hands in the stream and closes his eyes, lifting the cool water up and over his head. He does this a few times, letting it run through his hair, which plasters thick and dark to his skull and neck. He exhales in relief at the sensation and my eyes move to the water that dribbles down over his full lips. 
When he gives a wolfish shake of his head, sending water scattering in all directions, my mouth falls open slightly and my wolf shifts anxiously from paw to paw, a low whine sounding in her throat.
Slowly, Jackson opens his eyes and smirks at me. "Are you okay?"
"Oh, I am fine," I say, leaning back on one hand and giving him an obvious, appreciative glance up and down that makes him laugh. "I am just...enjoying the show."
Jackson smirks as he drops his eyes. "You're exaggerating," he murmurs, running his fingers through his mussed hair and tucking it back behind his ears.
"I'm like, really not, Jacks," I say, grinning at him. "Honestly, if I had a video camera right now, I suspect I could sell this footage for a great deal of money -"
He barks out a laugh and grins at me, reaching for my arm. "Come on, tiny," he says, beckoning. “Let's get you cleaned and wrapped up so your mother doesn't scold me when I bring you home all wounded."
"Oh, as if Queen Ella could ever be mad at you," say on a happy sigh, scooting closer and lifting my wrist as Jackson reaches into the pack and pulls out some basic antibiotics and gauze. "Her perfect orphan baby who has now saved me twice? You won't be able to do any wrong in her eyes." 
Jackson takes my arm and dips a little piece of gauze into the clear stream water, beginning to dab quietly at Gabriel's mark, cleaning it up. "Think this is enough to take Rafe's spot as favorite?"
###Chapter 0872
"Oh, I think he should be worried," I say, soft and cheerful. A corner of Jackson's mouth turns up but he concentrates on his work, ensuring that the mark is perfectly clean before dabbing some antiseptic cream on it and wrapping it in fresh white cloth.
When he's finished, Jackson ties a little bow around the bandage and then surprises me by taking my hand in his, ducking his head, and then pressing first one quick kiss to my bandaged wrist and then another to the bare skin above it.
I blink at him as he raises his eyes to mine. "What was that for?"
He frowns a little. "I need an excuse to kiss you now?"
I tilt my head. "I just...never imagined you'd have the impulse to kiss the space on my body where another man has marked me. Even if it is under gauze."
Jacks slips his hand up to my elbow before giving me a little tug towards him, catching me and pulling me into his lap when I tilt forward. I smile, nuzzling my face against his bare chest, quite happy to be there.
"I've told you before, Ariel," he says very softly, the words resonating against my cheek as they echo in his chest. "I love every part of you, marked or not. And I've been thinking about it a lot - I'm...incredibly jealous of both Luca and Gabriel for having some claim on you. Some part of me, selfish or biological, wants you all to myself. And I don't know if I'm sorry about that."
I tilt my head up, peering curiously at the sharp contours of his beautiful face.
He shrugs, like whether or not guilt in this situation barely matters. "But either way, Ari - these marks are...part of your story, part of your power. Beyond not wanting you to ever be ashamed of them, or think that I don't like them, I want you to know that I accept them. I'm proud of them - proud of you. So incredibly proud of you - every piece. Every piece. I'm very sorry if I made you feel otherwise - I was selfish and.....unthinking. You'll have to forgive me."
My eyes fill with tears as I just stare up at him, completely blown away. Because how can he be so good? This man whose early life subjected him to such neglect and deprivation - how has he grown to be the most forgiving, accepting, wonderful person? With the most open heart?
Jackson lifts a hand to brush warm over my hair, making me smile. "How can I begrudge these marks when they gave you the power to
end a war? I couldn't bear to be set
greedy. You are my mate," he says, his voice dipping low with both possession and love. "But you are still Moon Valley's Princess. And I love and admire and respect how seriously you take that role. Seriously, Ariel, you can't know how much." 
"But you ended the war," I say, my voice all creaky with emotion, a few tears finding their way out of the corner of my eyes. "You're the one who killed the King
He smirks. "That was the easy part. Just a little flash of fangs. You're the hero of this entire story, Princess. Twenty years of war and then you're on the scene for what, a month? And it's done."
I shake my head, denying it, knowing it's more complicated than that. Still, I reach my arms up, wrapping them around his neck, wanting to be held tighter closer. "I couldn't have done it without you. Not an inch. You're not taking enough credit." 
"Yes, I am," he murmurs, wrapping me up and holding me close. "You did it, but I'm taking full credit for the assist. Be sure to emphasize this to your dad, please, when we get home, so that he accepts me as your mate. He was probably mad when left - I was disobedient, which I know is not his favorite characteristics Your mom and I kind of...arranged it without his knowing." 
I burst into a little laugh, my body shaking against his, and I pull my head back a little to smile into my mate's face. "Oh, I think he'll forgive you, Jacks."
“Just talk me up anyway, okay?" Jackson replies, smiling back - that rich, joyous smile. He takes a slow, deep breath, again running his hand over my hair. "Come on. Let's get you to bed."
My wolf howls with joy and I wiggle excitedly against him, making him laugh again as he gets to his feet and carries me back to the ATV and all of our supplies so that we can set up camp.
After all, I will certainly need to get some sleep tonight, exhausted as I am.
Yes, sleep is certainly a priority, I think, stifling a yawn and leaning against my mate's chest.
Yes, a little tent, and a nice warm blanket, and some sleep...eventually.
###Chapter 0873
The moment Jesse's feet hit the familiar floor of his bedroom at Alpha Academy
he snarls, spinning his head left and right, one arm wrapped firm around Midnight, holding her close. A series of gasps echo throughout the room as the
ambassadors stumble a little, finding their footing -
But beyond that? No sounds echo through the air. He lifts his nose, sniffing, attempting to scent anyone strange...
His heart pounds for a moment or two more but Jesse relaxes, just a touch, when he realizes that they are indeed alone.
"All right!" Jesse barks out, drawing all eyes in the room to him as he begins to move, ushering Midnight along with him from his place next to the coffee table over to Ariel's nook. "I need Ambassadors by the door - we're taking you downstairs so that we can contact the capital and your loved ones! Please leave the collective yurt pieces and belongings here!"
The ambassadors all gently begin to put what they're holding on the floor and then move towards the door.
Midnight looks up at Jesse, clearly terrified, as he pushes back the familiar curtain that hides Ariel's bed. As he does, her and Jackson's lingering scents hit him hard - god, how long has it been since they were all here together? Since their lives just...completely fell apart?
Will they ever be the same - and quite as good - ever again?
Jesse doesn't let himself dwell for long on the question as nineteen ambassadors move for the door.
“Ben?” Jesse calls, making eye contact with him and Elias and Pippa, gesturing for them to come over to the nook as well. The three do, the Atalaxians - especially Pippa - looking incredibly nervous.
"How are you?” Jesse asks the young woman, his eyes sweeping worriedly over her, especially noting the protective hand she keeps on her round belly.
"Um," she says, her voice pitched high, quite shrill as she looks up at her Alpha. “I'm fine? I think? Um..." she moves her anxious gaze back to Jesse for a moment and then dropping it. "Are we...are we your prisoners, your Grace? How can we expect to be...treated?"
"What?" Jesse asks, baffled for a second.
But then he realizes that these are
indeed two very high-ranked Atalaxian royals - the heir to the throne and his pregnant Luna, in fact. And, considering they're still technically at war with Atalaxia, important political persons indeed. 
"Oh my god, Pippa," Jesse says, reaching out a hand and settling it on her shoulder. He removes it instantly when she flinches away. "I'm sorry apologies - but no, you're our honored guests." He solidly between Elias and Pippa. "I mean, I know this is weird and complicated - and Ben probably understands the complexities of this better than I do -" 
An assured nod from Ben puts Jesse's heart at ease that he does, indeed, have a plan.
"But please," Jesse says, pressing a
hand to his heart. "You're certainly not a prisoner. I'd like you to come, back to the Palace with me? To meet my parents, and the King and Queen? But I swear, you'll be treated with the utmost respect at every turn. I'm very aware that you came along on this little journey willingly." 
Relief crosses both Elias and Pippa's face as they glance at each other and then,
as one, nod to Jesse, accepting these terms.
"And what about me?" Midnight asks, quite squeaky, her hands clasped anxiously together in front of her stomach, her shoulders tight.
"You," Jesse says, turning to his little mate and giving her a happy smile. "Are a Moon Valley citizen now, Mids. And a very high ranking one. So, it's your job, in my stead, to make sure our guests feel at home.”
Jesse gestures towards the nook, indicating that they should all climb in. As he does he glances again at Ben, hoping to hell that Ben understands the true instruction here: that he is in charge, and it's his job to keep Midnight calm.
"Why?" Midnight asks, her head whipping from side to side as she reads between the lines of Jesse's sentences and realizes that he's not staying with them. "Where where are you going?"
"I'm just going to go call my dad, Mids," Jesse says quietly, bending down to look her in the eye. "So he can send a helicopter. And bring us home."
Her eyes go wide. "What's a helicopter?"
"I'll tell you all about it,” Ben says cheerfully, pointing to some of Ariel's little library on her desk. "Plus, we can order up lots of food - whatever you want. All sorts of good things."
Jesse takes in a deep breath and beams at Ben – because that's a great idea.
###Chapter 0874
Midnight takes a step closer to Ben, her eyes on him, sufficiently distracted. "Can we have meat?"
"You can have whatever kind of meat you want,” Ben says, grinning at her. "And cakes too - all kids of desert."
For a moment Jesse's heart aches because...well, Midnight's whole world just got turned upside down, it makes sense that she's afraid. But it's a little bit horrible how sufficiently she's distracted from that trauma by the simple offer of food.
He determines, inwardly, to make sure this girl is never, ever hungry again. Not a day in her life.
"How?" Midnight says, looking around. "Do you...cook in the big fireplace?"
"Actually,” Ben says, grinning at her. "See that door across the room, built into the wall?"
He points at the dumbwaiter over by Rafe's bed and Midnight's eyes flash to it. She nods.
"That's a magic door," Ben whispers. "Come on, I'll show you how it works." Midnight's eyes fly wide and then excitement takes her expression.
"Go," Elias murmurs to Jesse, clasping him on the shoulder for a moment and giving him a steady smile. "We'll ensure that she's safe."
"She's in good hands," Pippa says, laughing a little as Ben and Midnight reach the dumbwaiter and he opens it, demonstrating its current empty state before he hands her a pad of paper from Rafe's desk, telling her to write down anything she wants on it.
"Thank you," Jesse says quietly to the pair of them, already turning towards the door, a hand on his heart. "Seriously, thanks."
“She's a good girl,” Pippa says, giving him a happy smile and a steady nod, more comfortable with him than he's seen her yet. "And she's lucky to have you."
"}
Jesse sighs. "I hope that continues to be true. You two please eat as well - my mother and my aunt will never forgive me if I didn't feed my guests, especially a pregnant guest." The pair laugh a little and Jesse give them a little bow before he strides for the door, signaling all of the ambassadors to follow. "Come on! Let's go find the Captain. And a phone.” 
Mark looks worriedly between Rafe and the human girl as the trio sits in a small formal living room outside a conference room in which Dominic and Roger are meeting with their
council Ella and Hank sit in arm net
chairs on the far side of the coffee table, talking lightly, but Mark's eyes continue to return anxiously to his brother. Because Rafe is usually so easy with guests and small talk - it's practically his job, as crown prince - and today he's just being...weird. 
Ella and Hank chat amiably over cups of tea about the goings-on of the war, Ella's worries about her missing daughters, and Hanks
continued investigations into then et
Community in the North. Mark
doesn't listen to it much - honestly, it's either stuff he's heard before or nothing that he's interested in. Instead he just...watches Rafe. 
Rafe, who sits with his shoulders hunched and his jaw clenched, staring determinedly at his cold cup of tea on the coffee table.
Why? Why is he being...such a freak? Mark sighs, because if Rafe is sick or something then Mark is well aware that it's his job to entertain Maryam. And there's absolutely nothing less that he wants to do in the world - first because chatting about acceptable nothings is his least favorite way to spend his time. And second because Maryam is...
Well. Unpleasant is the kindest word that comes to Mark's mind, but he hastily searches for another one, because that's rude.
She's...challenging. Complicated. Willful.
"If you actually gave a crap about any of your citizens in the north," Maryam snaps out, interrupting the Queen. "You'd arrest all of those horrible Community wolves in an instant. The atrocities they're committing against their own people and the effects they're having on the surrounding communities is abominable."
Hank sighs and slumps back into his chair, raising a hand to his forehead.
Ella flicks her eyes immediately to the young woman, fighting a smile. "If we can find proof of their crimes, Maryam," she says quietly, "then I will certainly do just that. But I won't jail my own citizens on hunch and rumor."
"So what?" Maryam asks, leaning forward a little, her mouth drawn into a serious line, her large dark eyes flashing. "You're just going to let them continue to wantonly rape and pillage the countryside simply because you don' have proof of
"Maryam," Hank growls, his eyes closed, clearly sick of a behavior and an argument he's encountered before.
###Chapter 0875
"It's all of this Alpha bullshit!" Maryam nearly shouts, casting out a frustrated hand. “An entire culture of men who believe that because they're physically bigger, and stronger, and can shift into the body of a lethal predator that it gives them the right to go out into the outlying towns and take what they want from them!? It's -"
"Is that what Alphas really think?" Ella asks, her interruption smooth and calm, her own steady command slicing neatly through Maryam's louder voice.
"Do not misinterpret me, highness," Maryam replies, a bit between her teeth. "The issue is not with the men themselves, but with the ideology in which Alpha wolves are raised."
"Well, you have two Alphas here," Ella says, gesturing towards Mark and Rafe. "Why don't you ask them what their own impulses are? What rights they believe they have to claim our bodies and possessions simply because either of them could kill any of the rest of us with barely an effort?"
Rafe sighs long and slow through his nose as he closes his eyes.
Mark sits straight and looks around, worried. Because he...very much does not want to enter this debate. Not that he'd ever - ever - have the impulse to rape or maim or hurt anyone ever - and certainly not because he's stronger. He just... kind of has the feeling that Maryam would eat him for breakfast, logically, were he ever to attempt to go toe to toe with her in a battle of wits.
Silence reins in the room for a moment as Maryam looks at the two young Alphas on the couch, her eyes slipping over them, the haughty upward tilt of her chin suggesting that she is unimpressed. "Well, these two certainly seem to fit the reputation for being strong and silent," she says, her voice a condescending coo.
A little growl rumbles in Rafe's chest as he slowly opens his eyes and turns them on the girl he now knows to be his mate.
She raises an eyebrow at him, daring him to take her on.
Inwardly, Rafe's wolf leaps excitedly at the challenge, but he grabs his wolf's fur tight in his hand, forcing him to calm down.
"Your own rather...tame Alpha sons aside," Maryam continues, turning away from Mark and Rafe in a clear dismissal that makes Rafe's wolf howl with rage and want as she focuses again on the Queen. "The issue is one of education. Your administration has suffered the growth of a cult in its northern climes which tells powerful young men not only that their Alpha bodies give them dominion over their world and community, but further gives them no critical education by which they might begin to rethink that education. It's incredibly dangerous, highness and forgive me, but while you and your family are resting peacefully in your palace? Your northern citizens - particularly the humans are suffering from the results of that educational neglect." 
Ella flashes her teeth, just a for moment. "I'd urge you to consider that we are not necessarily resting in comfort, young lady - especially as two of my daughters have been kidnapped by foes who, by my understanding, do far less for the rights of the common people than my mate and I."
Maryam clenches her jaw for a moment, hating to concede a point, but then nods sharply. Just once.
"That aside,” Ella continues, smiling a little at the girl and then turning her attention back to Hank. "Her point is well made. Do you consider that further education would help to fix the issues we're having in the North?"
“My daughter is as passionate as she is impetuous," Hank says on a sigh, shifting his gaze to glare at his daughter, who doesn't budge an
inch. "She over-states her argument because she's pissed off and
Wishes
to be right. At the detriment to her
argument, she has grossly
over-simplified the problem." 
Maryam's mouth pops open with an appalled little squeak that has Rafe's wolf howling and turning in an eager circle.
She's so cute, his wolf huffs. Look how pretty she is when she's mad - oh my god
- oh my GOD – she's so great - move closer. What can we say to piss her off? I want to see her all squeaky again -
Rafe groans inwardly and again grabs his wolf by the scruff, urging him to calm the hell down.
"I am not over-simplifying," Maryam says, pressing a hand to her chest.
"You are," Hank replies, dry, glaring hard at her. “And while I will tolerate you being rude and obnoxious to your host and your sovereign, as it is your right to make an absolute
out of yourself if you wish it,
fool
ove
Maryam – I will not tolerate a poorly constructed argument. I educated you better than that." 
###Chapter 0876
Maryam scowls and clenches her jaw, leaning back against the cushions of the couch and glaring down at her knees. Rafe raises his eyebrows, surprised. Because of all things, he didn't think it would be the accusation of a poorly made argument that stopped Maryam in her tracks.
God, but Hank's intellectual family is...very different than his own.
But Maryam...she's his family now, right?
...Right?
Rafe takes a moment, while Maryam is distracted in her anger, to study this girl - his mate. His mate. God, how had he never known it before?
Because it's not the first time they've met - no, Maryam and her little sister were fairly frequent visitors to the palace when they were children, always accompanying their parents when Hank and Sarah came down to the city. Rafe and the other Sinclair children had always played with them, but...well. They really always had seemed so incredibly delicate -
And it's not even that they were girls - Ariel and Juniper could always keep up in a way that Maryam and Annabell couldn't. Their human bodies simply weren't as responsive and strong as a wolf's. They had done their best to adjust the games, but...well, they were kids. It had been hard to be fair.
Once, even, Jesse had been attempting to play a prank on Maryam and she fallen hard on her knees, scraping them deeply. She had burst into tears. Rafe had helped Maryam to her feet and done his best to comfort her, but she hadn't spoken to him - to any of them - for the rest of her trip.
Rafe turns his head to the side realizing that...actually, that that's maybe the last time he talked to Maryam...ever. God, has it really been that long?
He wouldn't be surprised if her apparent hatred for Alphas had started on that very day. God damn Jesse, being too rough.
"If I could have a minute, Ella?" Hank asks, his tone becoming even more serious and drawing Rafe's attention back to the present. Rafe refocuses his gaze to the doctor as Hank begins to push himself up out of his hair. "I wanted to have a conversation with you about Jackson."
"Jacks?" Ella says, going a bit still in her chair, her teacup balanced primly on its saucer. "What...what's wrong with Jacks?"
"Nothing's wrong with Jacks," Hank says with a shrug, getting to his feet. "Is he here? There have been some... developments, in the Community. He asked me to some research for him and it's
yielded some rather strange results." 
"What results?" Ella asks, fascinated, hastily putting her teacup down and getting to her feet, looking at Hank with a mix of shock and interest. "Jackson's not here he's...well, he's
rather on a solo mission, trying to
get Ariel back." 
"More Alpha macho bullshit," Maryam grumbles. "One guy, alone, thinking he's the whole solution to the problem and doesn't need any help.”
"Are you...are you talking about Jackson?" Mark asks her, a big smile spreading across his face.
Maryam shifts her gaze to Mark. “If he's the one on the solo mission to defy an entire nation and get the captive princess, then yes, I am.”
“Oh man," Mark says, shaking his head at the girl. "I mean, I get all of your Alpha hate for the vast majority of guys out there. But Jacks? The world's sweetest guy, Alpha or not?" Mark Laughs. "You're going to have to adjust your algorithm for that one, Maryam. Jacks is huge and powerful but he has the feast ego of anyone I've ever met." 
Maryam just rolls her eyes like she doubts it and looks away.
"Do you have any idea of when Jackson will be back?" Hank asks, grimacing a little. Rafe frowns, turning his eyes away from his brother and his mate, focusing again on Hank. Because the man looks...very anxious to tell Jackson his news. What the hell could be so pressing?
"I'm sorry," Ella says, stepping closer to Hank. "We have no idea -"
"Highness!" a page shouts, bursting through the door, a phone held high in his hand. “Highness, oh, please!"
###Chapter 0877
Rafe is instantly on his feet, a snarl ripping from his lips as he crosses the room in a few strides and places himself between the intruder and his mother, tucking her back behind him. The page quails a bit at the sight of the fierce prince, his canines extended.
"See?" Maryam says, her voice pitched somewhere between pissed off and dry. "Was that necessary? The poor guy's just letting her know that there's a phone call."
"Thank you, Meatball," Ella murmurs fondly, patting Rafe on the arm. "But I think I'm okay."
Maryam bursts into laughter and Rafe blushes a deep red, tucking his fangs away and hating that nickname more than he ever has in his life.
"Please, highness," the page says, stepping forward and holding the phone out to the Queen with a shaking hand. "You...want to take this call."
"All right," Ella says, her eyes wide and her voice anxious as she reaches for the phone. Mark gets to his feet, everyone's eyes on the queen as she says a soft hello into the receiver.
A moment later Ella smacks a hand to her mouth, her eyes filling with tears.
"Mom!" Rafe gasps, stepping closer to his mother, reaching for her. "What's wrong!?"
But for once Ella ignores her favorite, dropping the phone to her chest and whipping her head to the side towards the doors behind which Roger and Dominic consult with their advisors.
"Roger!" Ella shouts, her voice loud and desperate, ringing out in the room. "Roger, come quick!"
Rafe's face pales as his mother turns back to him, a huge smile bursting across her face as she bursts into tears. “Rafe, go get Cora – right now –“ she murmurs, lifting the receiver again to her ear. "Here, Jesse," Ella says, her voice shaking. "Here comes your father right now -"
A little moan of relief escapes Rafe's lips as the doors to the conference room burst open and Dominic and Roger stride through, looking alert but wary.
Rafe lingers only for a second before he forces himself to turn and rush from the room. Because his mother is right.
If Jesse is on the phone, safe, and back in this world?
He has to tell Cora and all of the ducklings too. Right now.
Jackson finishes putting up the tent in record time as I light a little fire for us. That, of course, takes very little effort to just a moment of holding Jackson's hand as I
concentrate on the little pile of sticks that I've gathered and it bursts into flames. 
It's not much, I think, as I lean forward towards it and wrap my arms around my knees. But, then again, I don't think we'll be staying up very late. And I have other intentions regarding how I plan to keep warm.
"Here," Jackson says, settling in next to me and passing me four granola bars.
I balk a little. "You want me to eat four granola bars!?"
He frowns at me like he doesn't understand why that's such a ridiculous request.
"Jackson," I growl, dropping the food in my lap for a moment. "You had food this entire time? And you didn't eat?"
He shrugs, looking down at the little fire. "I wasn't hungry."
I snarl, giving him an ineffective shove that makes him grin.
"Fine, I was hungry, but I was saving it for you."
"Jackson," I sigh, my shoulders slumping as Hook up at him. "You risk being just...a little bit too chivalrous here. If we're about a day from the border between here and Moon Valley, surely I don't need four granola bars -" 
?
He laughs and nudges me. "Eat your fill, tiny. You can have the rest in the morning."
I squawk in protest, picking up the food and shoving it at him too, clearly implying that he must have some as well, but he just laughs and pushes it gently back towards me.
"Would you please just let me take care of you?" he says quietly, shaking his head.
I break a little under that incredibly kind plea. I mean, who can continue to protest
in the face of such a sweet, heartfelt request?
"Fine," I grumble, moodily
unwrapping one and taking a big
petulant bite have to stifle my moan at the taste, because it's the kind with the peanut butter and the chocolate mixed in. And mom, knowing that it's my favorite, packed it for me. Tears spring to my eyes at the thought of that - of mom worrying about me, and picking out a snack she knew I'd like, and packing it in Jackson's bag because she knew he'd find me. 
—
"Is it really that good?" Jackson asks, his voice baffled.
###Chapter 0878
I turn and look up in his face to see him staring a little aghast at the tears in my eyes, and I burst out laughing, offering it to him. "Take a bite and see."
He does as I bid, taking the world's smallest bite, and then slowly begins to chew. "I mean it's good, Ariel, but..."
I laugh again, harder this time, and scootch closer to my mate, leaning against him as I finish my meager little dinner.
I fight hard against sleep as the minutes slip past, talking lightly with my mate about how great it will be to get home. But even as I struggle, my eyes start to slip shut.
"Come on, Tiny," Jackson murmurs, "time for you to rest."
Despite my protests, Jackson gathers me into his arms as he stands, kicking some dirt on my little fire. And then he carries me over to the tent, sitting down just inside and then laying back, taking me with him so that I sprawl over his torso. I snuggle closer, deeply happy with my face pressed to his chest – my favorite sleeping spot, and one which I've missed so much since I've been away.
Jackson sighs contentedly too, drifting an idle hand up and down my back as he takes the thin blanket and pulls it over both of us.
I look up at him with a smile and then glance down over the length of my body and his, wondering how the hell that blanket is supposed to be big enough. But when I see Jackson's feet hanging out of the tent, the blanket ending somewhere around his knees, I burst into laughter again.
"Jacks!" I say, sitting up a little. "Why didn't you make mom give you a bigger tent!?"
"I would have," he murmurs, pressing a hand firm against my back, wanting me to lay down again. "If I'd known how big this one was before she packed it -"
"How did you stay warm!?" I gasp, ignoring his hand and sitting up further, appalled, my legs falling to either side of his body so that I straddle his stomach.
"I didn't," he replies, dry, grinning up at me. "But come on, Ari - lay down - I'm warm enough for one more night."
I smile down at him and bite my lip, considering my choices. Because, I mean, I am very tired.
But...
He's just so gorgeous. And he's not wearing a shirt. And I've spent a very long time worrying about the nation, and plotting how to escape, and missing the feel of his body next to mine -
And quite suddenly, I do not want to sleep. Not at all.
My hands move to the back of my silly Atalaxian dress, starting to undo the buttons there that fasten the collar high on my neck.
Jackson takes a deep breath and runs a hand up the length of my side, a little unable to resist even as he turns his eyes away. "Ariel, you need to sleep..."
"I'll sleep tomorrow," I say, playful and cheerful, tugging next at the zipper that runs all the way down the length of my back.
"Ariel," he sighs, shaking his head. "You're injured, and exhausted, and your body really needs the -"
His words cut off with a muffled groan as I shift myself backwards across his body, settling my ass over his hips instead of his stomach, pressing against the thick, hard
length of his cock, which betra
reat feelings about what he wants
his
me to do right now. 
"Like I said," I murmur, my voice pitched low as I push the dress over my shoulders and down my arms, shoving it off my wrists and then reaching up to pull my stupid Atalaxian bra up over my head, tossing it to the side. “I'll sleep tomorrow."
Jackson turns his head to the side, pressing his eyes shut, stubborn in his determination to do the 'right thing' - let me sleep, and heal.
"Oh, come on, Jackson," I say quietly, grinning, enjoying myself as I lean forward, letting my hair swing forward over my shoulders. Softly? cover his left hand with my right, tugging it gently so that it slides up my side, guiding it until his hand cups my breast in his palm. "Touch me." 
Jackson's willpower crumples like a tin can.
He moves in a flash, a wicked snarl filling the tent as he grabs me to him, turning me over and pressing my body down into our little sleeping mat as he seals his mouth to mine. I press myself hard against my mate, my hand slipping down his body to grip his thick cock in my hand. I moan as I feel it slide against my palm. 
###Chapter 0879
Jackson's mouth is hard against mine and I yield to him immediately, wanting him to take control, to take me any way he wants. Even as I kiss him back, meeting him at every pulse of my heart with my lips and my tongue, I consider that this is very different from our first time - when Jackson was slow and patient and deliberate.
No, this time I can tell that Jackson is a little lost in his want of me - and I absolutely love it.
A shudder passes through my body as Jackson snarls, moving his mouth from mine, pressing first his lips and then his tongue and then his teeth to my neck, dragging the sharp points of his canines there. He lifts his body for just a moment to shove hard at my stupid dress, pushing it down over my hips and my ass until it comes to settle somewhere down over my knees.
But we're both too lost to care as my mate presses the length of his body to mine again, the feel of his warm skin bare against mine torturous and wonderful all at once. I groan, my head falling to the side as Jackson dips his head lower, kissing the dip of my throat and then my breast, his tongue licking hard and flat once over my nipple before he returns his face to mine, a palm flat on my cheek turning my head back so that he can kiss me again and again.
I lose sense of myself quickly, forgetting that I'm a Princess, that I have any responsibility at all. Any sense of who I am or who I was, my past and my future, just flies away. I'm only concerned here and now with the feel of Jackson pressing me down into this mat, a burning fucking flame searing me at every inch where his skin meets mine.
God, fuck but I want him. Right fucking now.
I jerk my knee up to the side, wanting to wrap my leg around his waist - his back
But I snarl when something gets in my way.
"Fucking dress," I growl, putting a hand against Jackson's shoulder and giving a little shove as I look down, glaring hard at the mess of fabric.
Jackson turns on his side, allowing me the space I need even as he turns his attention and his mouth again to my neck in a way that makes my eyes want to flutter shut. But, quite determined, I sit up and untangle my legs from all the fabric, tossing it aside.
"Where is your underwear?" Jackson asks, a hand on my hip. I turn to see him frowning down at my naked hips.
"Atalaxian women don't wear it!" I say, turning to him as my hands move fast to his own pants, my fingers working fast at his belt. "I know, right? You'd think that with such a conservative culture -"
His hand covers mine and a steady growl silences me, making me turn my eyes up to him. I grin for a second as the growl resonates through his chest, as he makes quick work of unbuckling his belt and sliding what remains of his clothes over and away from his fairly perfect ass. Because while Jackson
would never, ever tell me to stop talking if I wanted to discuss something... 
The way he's looking at me now, with that intense blue gaze, that steady set to his jaw?
The way his hand slides possessively around my waist and across my naked back?
Yes, please shut up, my wolf snaps in my soul, vicious.
Smiling, I obey his request and her demand to delay this conversation for another time.
Jackson smirks at me, taking my chin in his palm and again returning his mouth to mine, kissing me deeply and again wiping all thoughts from my brain.
My knee raises again to that place it wants to be up and over Jackson's hips, but my mate surprises me by turning and pulling me with him so that I'm straddled fully over his hips, his body sitting half up so that he can still kiss me. I moan into kis mouth as I arch my lower back, pressing myself more fully against him. His hand slips down over my body, grasping a palmful of my ass and using it as leverage to pull me tighter. 
I start to pant at that, wanting more - more of Jackson hard against me, more of
him not bothering to be gentle, taking what he wants.
"Please,” I beg, pulling my face away just an inch, my heart racing. "Please, Jacks."
He snarls, soft, and then lays back, using the hand still on my ass to pull me with him, his other hand moving down to grasp the base of his cock, repositioning it so that I can feel the hard press of its head right at my slick core. I moan, my eyes shutting, my hips moving me backwards ono Jackson's cock, sliding it an inch inside of me. 
"God, fuck, Ariel," he groans.
My eyes open just a little to see Jackson with his head tilted back, his neck
exposed, completely undone by the feel of being inside of me - even just this little
bit.
###Chapter 0880
And I...like that. I like that very much.
I slide my hips back further, watching his face even as I shudder to feel him press another inch or two inside - a tight fit, especially at this angle. Jacks groans again, his eyes opening to meet mine as I sit up a little, taking control and slowly, inch by inch, lowering myself down onto the thick, hard length of Jackson's cock.
I moan as I take him deeper, the noise loud and a little obscene, my head falling back and my eyes fluttering shut as I take about eight inches. Because - god - the sensation - even as Jackson stretches my inner walls, my pussy pulses against him, wanting more. My hips move forward, aching for more even as I feel so completely full that I'm not sure I can take another inch -
Even though that I know that there is...well, that there's way more than an inch
still to go...
"More," Jackson growls, wrapping a firm hand around my hip, the other reaching up to capture my breast.
I gasp a little, working hard to concentrate on anything but the feeling of Jackson's dick filling up every inch of me as I look down at him, trying to understand what he
means.
"More, Luna," he snarls, pulling gently on that hip, urging me down. "You're going to take the whole thing."
I moan, squeaky and soft, letting my head tilt back again as I do my best to obey my Alpha - sinking another inch lower, my hips starting to pulse back and forth against him, wanting the friction, wanting to feel him again and again hit that spot deep inside of me -
"All of it," Jackson growls, an order.
Again, I obey, my knees spreading wide to the side as I sink lower onto my mate's cock, which I can feel pulsing with need inside of me. Little gasping breaths fall from my mouth as my body tenses, as release coils low in my stomach, tighter and tighter, urging me on. I slip lower, taking every inch of my mate deep inside me, hoping it feels as good to him as it does to me -
But also thinking that's kind of impossible -
Because this feels...this feels -
Oh, god, fuck - I have no words for it, they're all wiped away -
But even that final thought is wiped from my mind a moment later when Jackson, finally fully seated within me, flexes, his hips and presses even deeper, his hands firm around my hips, pulling me down onto him and pressing that thick, hard dick fast against that secret spot with one solid, steady thrust. 
I pant as I break, hard and heavy, my entire body clenching as I tilt my head back, aloud and steady moan breaking from my lips as that coiling tension rips apart and starts to cascade all that well-wound energy throughout my entire being. My hips pulse hard against Jackson, as waves of sensation chase each other, arching through my core and echoing out through my limbs, hard and gripping at first and then fading to delicate tingles. 
b
When I finally come back to myself, my breath gasping out in little squeaks, my heart pounding, I'm a little surprised to find Jackson's arms wrapped loose around me, that he's somehow found a way to sit up while still fully inside me and is holding me through it, even through the little tiny aftershocks. 
I huff a little, catching my breath, tucking my head beneath his chin and leaning hard against him as my breath barely starts to come back.
Jackson murmurs sweet things to me, stroking his hand down my back again and again as my heartrate comes back to normal. I let myself relax, settling more fully against him, my eyes falling half shut. God, I need - I need a minute, to put the remnants of my soul back together...
Like seriously, fuck...that should...that should maybe be illegal...
Jackson is too powerful. Yes, the world is very lucky that I've taken him off the dating market - he would have too much control over womankind -
"Oh no, little mate," Jackson murmurs, his hand flattening against my back.
I go a bit still and then lift my head to peer into his face. "What?"
Slowly he shakes his head, smirking at me, and slides that hand down my tingling back to grasp my very sensitive ass, giving it a light smack that makes me gasp, and then shift in surprise, and then gasp again when I realize - of course - that Jackson is still inside of me.
And that he's still rock hard.
"Again, mate," he orders, shifting his hips to press again into me, just a little bit. "I'm not nearly finished with you. Not until you do that at least once more."
###Chapter 0881
I groan a little, resting my forehead against Jackson's shoulder as he slowly begins to move within me again. "Jacks," I whisper, shaking my head a bit. "I don't know if I can."
"I'll stop if you want me to," he murmurs, his big hands stroking long and slow over my sensitive skin, rocking me lightly as he begins to barely, gently, press himself more deeply into me again and again. His hand cups my cheek, turning my face to him, and I stare at him with hazy, half-lidded eyes. "But I don't think you want me to stop. And I think you can do it again."
I stare at him for a moment as my body slowly starts to respond, that pleasure starting to coil again, even through the loose and languid set of my muscles from the first orgasm - even through my exhaustion -
I nod, meaning it - wanting it -
God, but I could fuck him every moment for the rest of my life and not miss anything else, anything at all. I reach up and wrap my arms around his neck, ceding him complete control. Whatever he wants, I'll do - after all, it's only ever been a good decision when I just let Jackson take charge.
"Good girl," Jackson murmurs, pressing a warm kiss to my mouth before wrapping his arms tighter around me, pressing me close to his body as he first turns and then lays me out with my back flat against our little sleeping mat.
And then, Jackson proceeds to take his time.
It starts with slow movements, the roll of his hips as he presses that seriously amazing cock into me again and again, kissing me deeply as he does, the slow, loving movements letting me adjust to the size of him, to this new angle. It takes a few minutes for me to return to where I was at the start of all of this, for my body to wake up, to want him with the same fervency that I had before I broke the first time.
But Jackson is patient, his hands and his mouth moving over me slow and rich, waking me up, reminding me of how much I want him and why.
Jackson licks that special spot on my neck - his spot - as I again loop my leg up over his hip, whispering his name, begging him for more. And my Jacks responds, pressing himself into me harder now that I've shown him I'm ready. His movements are steadily rougher and faster until his hips slam hard against me, until Jackson loses himself to the rhythm, to the need.
My body raises itself against his to accept every pounding inch of him as Jackson fucks me down hard into the thin mat - and a little part of me is surprised to discover that I fucking love it. I never thought I'd want a lover to pound himself into me like this, to fuck me silly, to wrap my hair in his fist and tug it hard, baring my neck -
But here I am, begging for more, whispering for him to fuck me harder, raising my hips so that my Alpha can slam himself into me just the way I want him to –
Just the way he wants to -
My Alpha, completely mine -
Jackson snarls, his thrusts rough and harsh, bringing me as close to release as Kknow he is. I turn my head to the side, baring my neck to him, and I feel the coarse growl of his desire resonate throughout his chest as much as I hear it. He lowers his mouth to that spot on my neck even as he continues to thrust again and again. 
But even as I feel the sharp press of his canines against my skin, even as I can
feel how much he wants to, he hesitates.
Please, I beg, mind-to-mind, because
my mouth can't do anything right now except pant, my breath wild and fast as I raise myself again and
as
again to meet him. Please, Jacks. 
en FindNovel
No words come back, just emotions - the way we used to communicate at the start of all of this. Hesitation, and the worried wonder if I'm foo tired if my body can handle it after such a complicated day - 
But I snarl roughly too, shoving all of those hesitations away, my hand flying to the
back of his neck and pressing his mouth closer against my throat.
Because I want it. Right fucking now.
I want my true mate's mark, finally and forever.
Jackson snarls again but stops asking questions, giving that favorite point on my neck one last loving lick before he bares his fangs and sinks them deep into my flesh.
My head rolls back as my mate marks me and I cry out as I shudder, breaking again and again for him as I feel an insane rush of emotions, of change.
###Chapter 0882
My wolf howls with happiness and pride even as pain arcs through me - but I don't experience it as pain - I don't know how to explain the delicious, sharp rush of sensation as my skin breaks, as Jackson claims me, as his magic floods my body and makes me feel rich and vivid and real.
His teeth press once, deeper, and I feel Jackson's body tense and shudder as he breaks for me in turn. I mew a little, my hips pressing up against him, wanting him deeper as I feel the warm rush of him coming inside of me, the thick hot press of it as his body goes still, every single one of his muscles tense. Something feral and possessive comes over me then and I, too, snarl, my canines extending as I lean forward and sink them deep into the skin and muscle of Jackson's chest, just over his heart, marking him in turn.
Because he is mine - absolutely mine. And even if I carry two other marks that are not his, Jackson will be the only man to ever carry mine.
I pant as Jackson pulls back, his tongue moving once steadily - lovingly - over his mark on my neck before he wraps his arms around me as he falls to his side, taking me with him.
I cuddle close, still panting, my body exhausted and my heart full as I press my body tight against my mate.
It takes me a minute to come back to myself, to catch my breath fully, to smile when I realize that my wolf and Jackson's are likewise curled together in my soul, happy and content and dedicated. That she, too, has a new mark on her neck to match my own.
When I lift my head to peer into my mate's face, I find his eyes already on me, sweet and happy and concerned.
"Are you all right?" he murmurs, stroking a hand down over my cheek.
I laugh a little, completely blissful. “Jackson," I murmur, swatting at his arm. "You know I'm fine."
He whines a little, deep in his throat, his eyes moving to my neck. "It's gotta hurt."
"You have one too," I murmur, my hand moving up to lovingly cover the mark I gave him.
"Yeah, but I'm tough," he murmurs, cuddling me close.
I laugh, snarling playfully and pretending to be mad. "I'm tough! Don't try to pretend you don't know that I'm tough."
"No, you're precious," he murmurs, wrapping me up in his arms and cradling me to his chest. “And delicate and tender. You just think you're super tough, which makes you very dangerous to love. Brave little delicate gorgeous girl."
"Say I'm tough," I snarl, feeling very ferocious.
"All right," he murmurs, petting my hair and smirking at me. "You're tough, tiny little mate. Very tough."
"Are you happy?" I whisper, unable to stop smiling, beaming up into his face. "Yup," he says, letting his eyes drift shut, a tiny smile on his lips.
I burst out laughing, wiggling discontentedly in his arms, wanting a little more than that.
But my mate - he's never been one for big speeches, has he?
So instead he simply opens his heart to me, letting me feel everything down the bond. How incredibly much he loves me, how content and steady it makes him feel to know that I carry his mark, how touched and proud he is to carry mine. How he can't wait for every day of the rest of our lives, and how he pretty much has no intention of letting me leave his side ever again. And, of course, of getting us our own room at school. So we can do this a hundred thousand more times.
"Nooo," I moan, cuddling closer to him. "I want the nook!"
"Then we'll kick those other two out," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair.
"Okay," I say, cheerful, sufficiently
mollified. Jackson hums his
agreement and I press my cheek to
his chest, perfectly happy and
quite frankly incredibly tired. 
en FindNovel
"I love you, Ariel," Jackson whispers a few minutes later, just as both of us are drifting off to a very peaceful sleep. "I'm very in love with you. And I'm going to be for a long time. Probably forever." 
I murmur something that barely pretends to be words as I drift off to sleep myself, passing every single ounce of my love down the bond to my sweet forever mate.
Just so he knows that I feel precisely, every inch, the same.
###Chapter 0883
Just past midnight, Rafe stands with his adult family on the roof of the palace, everyone's face turned up to the sky and towards the steady pounding of chopper blades they can barely hear in the distance. A steady hum of excitement runs between them all. Roger and Cora in particular stand with their expressions rapt, his arms around her shoulders, her leaning against his chest.
But still, despite his excitement to see his cousin - his best friend - Rafe's wolf keeps nipping at him inside, urging him to go back downstairs, to find the human girl, to grab her and mark her immediately.
Rafe growls a little, the sound rumbling in his throat, frustrated with his wolf for being so ridiculous and impractical. Ariel said it was like this but god – he didn't realize how annoying it would be.
"You okay, baby?" Ella asks, reaching up and brushing her fingertips against her eldest son's short dark hair. "You haven't been...yourself today."
Rafe glances to the side to see his mother looking at him curiously. His dad stands on Ella's other side, listening but pretending he is not. Rafe smirks even as he sighs, appreciating their concern, even if he's not ready to tell anyone at all what he discovered.
After all, Maryam herself doesn't know. He watched her all day for some sort of sign, but she either ignored him or treated him with disdain. But how could she know? She doesn't have a wolf.
"I'm okay," Rafe says, turning his face back up to the sky where the chopper is quickly approaching. "Just...lots of changes, right? Jesse coming back from another world, with a mate of all things. We didn't leave things on the best terms but...god, I hope he knows that none of that matters anymore. And Ariel is still missing, Junie too. It's..." he shakes his head. “A lot."
"I know, sugar," Ella says, leaning against her son and resting her head against his arm. "But...piece by piece, we'll figure it all out. We always do."
Rafe nods down to his mother and gives her a tense smile and then, like the rest of the family, watches as the helicopter begins to land.
The phone call with Jesse had been short and strange. Rafe had been disappointed when Roger had hung up with his son before Rafe or even Cora got a chance to talk with him - but apparently, Jesse had been in a rush to get everything settled.
And then the strange demands that he made - to send a train to the Academy to pick up twenty ambassadors as well as a helicopter for Jesse, Ben, and three rather anonymous guests, one of which is the mate who kidnapped Jesse and swiped Daphne across the face with her claws?
And his request that all of his siblings be left at home for a few hours, just until they got settled? I mean, they had complied with it all and Mark is at Cora and Roger's house babysitting the ducklings, but...
What...what are they all in for tonight? What the hell is inside that helicopter that needs that kind of preparation?
The helicopter finally settles down, the blades beginning to slow, and Rafe takes a step forward, eager to have a reason to turn his thoughts away from Maryam and desperate to know who the hell is inside.
The door opens and Rafe's face
l.ne
breaks into a smile when Ben steps out first. Ben's face bursts into a grin and he waves before putting a hand up to help a very pretty, very pregnant young woman step out. Rafe's eyebrows go up at this, taking in her rich but very conservative gown, realizing that she's an
Atalaxian and likely a high-ranking one. 
The answer of her identity comes a moment later when she's followed out of the helicopter by a dark-haried Alpha who Rafe knows from Midwinter, when he was here. Elias - Prince of Atalaxia and now the heir to the throne, if rumors and Jesse's report are to be believed.
The Atalaxian Prince bows deeply to
the King and Queen of Moon Valley and then takes his Luna's hand-or at least, that's what Rafe assumes she is and leads her forward, Rafe frowns a little to see Ben moving ...when
closely at their side because....
the hell did he have time to get close to Atalaxian royalty? 
But there's no time to consider it when another tall figure appears at the door of the helicopter, stepping out of it with a cheerful smile deliberately pasted to his face. But Rafe has no time to truly consider Jesse's expression, his eyes moving immediately to the little figure bundled up in his arms and balanced on one hip, shadows streaming off of her like dry ice as she tucks her face tight against Jesse's shoulder. 
###Chapter 0884
Rafe's eyes fly wide as he stares at his cousin, shocked.
What...what the fuck is this?
"Hey, guys!" Jesse says, his voice tight and falsely cheerful as he strides over to his family, all of them staring at him, agape. Jesse keeps his smile fixed on his face even as he glares around at his parents, his uncle, and his favorite cousin, silently demanding that they play along. "This is my mate, Midnight! She's really fantastic and I'm sure she'll be glad to meet you soon but she...she did not like the helicopter."
"Infernal machine," Midnight hisses, lifting her face. Cora gasps at the sight of the hollow pits of darkness the place of the girl's eyes, the shadows that stream from the dark ruin of her mouth. "Cursed metal bird - carrying people in its belly like eggs! We are lucky to have survived! It should be destroyed - I will destroy it!"
She spins then, casting shadows out from her hand that streak towards the helicopter. Rafe gasps as the pilot's eyes go wide, but Jesse turns and grabs at the shadows himself, almost like grabbing a cat by the tail, hauling them back.
"Mids," Jesse growls down at the girl still in his arms. "What did we agree on, regarding the destruction of vehicles?" The shadows suck neatly into his outstretched hand, obedient and trim.
Midnight's face turns down in a trembling little frown, her personal shadows receding almost completely from her visage so that Rafe can see that she's not some kind of monster just...
Just a girl. A really, really frightened, tiny, skinny girl with big brown eyes and a sweet, heart-shaped face that has masses of dark curls tumbling around it.
"We agreed to temporarily contain the urge for destruction," she whispers. "Until we have more information and can make an informed decision regarding whether or not it a vehicle or...a foul beast that needs to face a bloody end."
"You got it," Jesse says, grinning at her, laughing a little bit. When he turns his face back to his family, Rafe is shocked to see a little more of his cousin there now more relaxed, more full of humor.
But one glance around at all of his family's faces assures Rafe that everyone else is just as freaked out about the Goddess's choice for Jesse's mate as he is.
"So," Jesse says, grinning around at everyone. "Can we...go inside?"
Twenty minutes later Jesse's family is gathered in the living room around a crackling fire, watching Midnight work her way through her fourth bowl of ice cream. The Atalaxians begged to be let to rest and so Ben was charged with showing them to their room and ensuring that they settle in.
Ella, predictably, softened towards Midnight the moment she heard even the barest outlines of her story, gasping and ushering the girl to a warm seat by the fire, covering her with blankets and ordering her up a great deal food even before she took the time to wrap Jesse in a warm hug and tell him how glad she was that he's safe and home, how very much he was missed and worried for. 
Not to Jesse's surprise, Cora is...taking a bit more time in her assessment of Midnight.
"So," Cora murmurs, sipping a cup of coffee and standing close to her son while Dominic, Roger, Rafe, and Ella talk to Midnight, getting to know her and being incredibly kind - as Jesse knew they would be. "What's what's really going on there?" She raises an eyebrow at her son, letting him know precisely what she's asking. 
Jesse sighs and smiles, shaking his head as he crosses his arms.
"It's...very complicated, Ma. Midnight really is the best and incredibly important to me, but I had no idea, really, how... intense it would be meeting my mate. But she's still very much a child in her heart and her mind and I worry about her a lot. I want the best for her – and so a romantic connection...it's not even on my mind." 
Cora hums consideringly as she turns her eyes back to the poor girl, though inwardly her heart sings with pride for her son, for his restraint in tucking away any romantic impulses he might have towards his mate, putting her needs first. "I'm very proud of you, Jess," she says, soft.
“Aw shucks, ma,” Jesse says, his face breaking into that pretty smile that reminds Cora so much of his father. "You're going to make me blush."
###Chapter 0885
"Good, you should blush more often," Cora says on a laugh, bumping her shoulder against her son's. "You've lived far too much of your life without shame."
"My profligate youth!" Jesse sighs, mock nostalgic.
Ella gracefully stands, taking Midnight's finished bowl of ice cream and putting a sack of sweets in its place. Jesse laughs as the girl eagerly digs in, talking to Rafe with a mouth full of caramel as Ella quietly comes to stand with her sister and her nephew.
"So," Ella says, beaming at Jesse. "What are your plans for our little girl here?"
"Ours, is she?" Jesse says, his voice pretending to be full of doubt. "And here I was, thinking she was mine."
"Oh, she's ours,” Ella says, wrinkling her nose at her nephew. "You know I can't resist an orphan. So? Plans? Should we just let her loose in the pantry and let her eat her fill so that she can fatten up a bit?" She looks over her shoulder, letting her eyes move slowly over Midnight's spindly legs, her too-thin wrists and shoulders.
"I'm all for feeding her up," Jesse says with a nod. "But...Ella, could I beg you to please let me have free reign over the roof garden, just for a little bit? I promise not forever but...I need some safe outdoor space and that's the only place that makes sense to me. And it has plumbing which...I'm gonna need."
Ella looks at Jesse like she never imagined that sort of request but then laughs and nods eagerly. "Sure, Jesse," she says. "Whatever it is you need. Now, let me get some more of this," she says, tapping on the side of the ice cream bowl.
"Not too much, Ells," Cora calls after the Queen. "You're going to make her puke, with all that dairy!"
Ella just waves a hand over her shoulder, dismissing the concern, making Jesse laugh.
"So," Cora says, her voice low and a little more serious now.
Jesse turns to her, his smile fading.
"Well?" Cora says, crossing her arms over her chest. "When are you going to ask me about Daphne?"
Jesse sighs, dropping his face and staring at his feet. "How about right now?"
"As good a time as any," Cora says softly, sensing her son's agony and putting her hand on his shoulder, giving it a squeeze.
I lay sprawled naked across my mate's chest, sweaty and panting. His body rises and falls with slow, deep breaths that are very different from the gasps and pants that rang through him just a few minutes ago. I smile, remembering it - how this time unlike last night - we really took our time with each other. Tender, and sweet, and slow...
"How many different ways are there to have sex?" I murmur, wondering it for the first time.
Jackson laughs, soft and low, his fingers playing idly with the ends of my hair. "I have no idea, Ari."
"I guess we'll find out," I say with a happy sigh.
"Why do you ask me?"
"Because you've done this before," I say, turning my head to prop my chin on his chest and grinning up at him.
He huffs another laugh and shakes his head. "Not like, a lot. I'm no Jesse -"
"Is Jesse a sexpert!?" I ask, my eyes flying wide at the idea.
"A...a sexpert?" Jackson asks, going still and staring at me.
I grin back, letting him figure out the roots of the word. When it clicks together a
second later he bursts out laughing.
"I don't know, Ari," Jackson
murmurs, covering his eyes with one hand and shaking his head like he doesn't want that mental image in his head while I continue to laugh. "The way he talks about it, he certainly has had much more sex than me -" 
"Has he really?" I ask quietly, eyes still wide. "Wait, when do you talk about this
sort of thing?"
"I don't know, Warrior Track stuff, I guess. Locker rooms."
"And not around me!?"
Jackson drags his hand away from his eyes and smiles down at me. "Yes, Ariel. Explicitly away from you. I have a feeling that your brother and your cousin are quite eager to keep their discussions of sex away from you, and especially as they know they'd involve both of us, don't think they'd want to hear your stories
either." 
"That's so unfair," I grumble, laying my cheek down on his chest, fuming a bit.
"How the hell am I supposed to learn stuff?"
My mate's big arm sweeps down my
body, settling below my ass and
scooting me up along his body in flash laugh when I suddenly find myself face-to-face with him
###Chapter 0886
"You can talk to me about it,” he says, smiling up at me, tucking my messy hair back behind my ear. "I might like that. A lot."
"Yeah, but you're more of a learn-by-doing type," I say, grinning down at him. "I think I need more girlfriends."
Jackson hums consideringly, nodding as he runs his hands slowly up my sides, his palms sliding over my ribs. "Only problem with that is that I have no intention of ever being separate from you ever again. Not even in another room. Not even on the other side of the room. So, your girlfriends will be my girlfriends."
"That's so creepy," I whisper, beaming at him, kind of loving it. "You're so obsessed with me."
Jacks snarls his confirmation and grabs me to his chest, turning me over and making laugh delightedly as he presses kisses all over my neck and my cheeks, my mouth and my chest, lingering again and again on the mark he gave me last night.
"How's that looking?" I whisper, trying to peer down at it. I mean, with my wolf healing and Jackson passing me power, I know that it's well on its way towards being all healed up. But still, it's not there yet.
"It looks perfect," Jackson murmurs, pulling back a little to get a better look and then leaning close to give it a long lick with his tongue, wolfish and sweet. "Much better than the others, if I'm honest."
I laugh again. "You're biased."
"I am," he says, nudging it proudly with his nose. "But even if I weren't, I'd be right."
I smile and run my fingers through his hair, believing him, and Jackson presses a lingering kiss to the soft skin beneath my jaw. Then he delivers a smart smack to the side of my ass that makes me yelp in surprise and then burst out laughing. "Come on, Princess," he says, sitting up with a sigh. "Let's get you home."
"Nooo," I moan, sitting up too and wrapping my arms around him again, trying to tug him back down. "Let's stay - this tent is nice! We're so cozy and alone with no one to bother us -"
"Your family is going to be worried," he says, grinning, running a hand over my hair.
"Oh, let them worry," I sigh, beaming up at my pretty mate. "Who cares."
"You care," he says, laughing and cupping my cheek in his palm. "Besides, we're gross. We need showers - lets get home and all cleaned up."
"And by showers...you mean just one shower, yes?" I say, raising an eyebrow at him.
He laughs and gives my ass another smack before grabbing his clothes and smoothly stepping out of the tent, fully naked in the early-morning Atalaxian sun. "Whatever you want, tiny, he says, stretching with his back to me. "Whatever you want." 
I grin, watching him for a moment as he gets dressed, and then I sigh, and turn, and grab for the backpack my mom sent for the two of us, rifling through it. It only takes a moment to find the bottle of medicine at the bottom. I laugh when I pull it out, shaking my head at my mom who of course thought of this.
"Mommy," I sigh, pulling the top off and taking a swig of the potion that will keep
me from getting pregnant. "So practical."
"You ready?" Jackson calls to me from outside.
"I'm still naked!" I call back, re-capping the potion and slipping it back into the bag.
I grab my dress and peer outside to see him fully dressed, the ATV already prepped and ready to go.
"Well come on, Ariel," he says, shaking his head at me like I'm bafflingly slow. "I can't take down the tent with you in it."
"Listen, I just saved the world," I say, pointing a finger at him even as I pull the stupid Atalaxian dress over my head "I can take my time getting up in the morning." 
"I always thought Rafe was exaggerating when he called you a lazy riser," Jackson murmurs, turning away again and shaking his head. "But now...he has a point..."
I snarl playfully at my mate even as I climb out of the tent and stand, zipping my dress up, a little sad to leave the peaceful quiet time alone with my mate but... Well, yeah. Excited to get home too. After all, my family is waiting for me. And I really, really love my family.
###Chapter 0887
Today, since I'm feeling a bit better, I ride in front of Jackson on the ATV, leaning back against his chest as he steers the vehicle with an arm on either side of me. Well, not that there's much steering to do - it's mostly a straight shot across the desert and prairie that creates a border between Atalaxia and Moon Valley.
"How do you know where we're going?" I murmur, snuggling back against my mate, more comfortable than I thought that I'd be.
He presses a kiss to my hair, his wolf hearing making him perfectly able to hear me. "It took longer getting here because I had to figure out where things were. But now that I have a mental map, it's a pretty straight shot to the closest border town."
I sigh happily. "You're so smart and capable. And good with directions."
"Yeah, you just sit there and look pretty, Princess," he murmurs, laughing. I laugh too because we both know that I'm capable of so much more than that, even though we have learned that - as Faiza thought - it's a very good disguise.
I snuggle back against Jacks, letting my mind wander as the miles pass, letting my eyes slip over the scenery. It really is beautiful out here - and a part of the country which I haven't explored before. The tensions with Atalaxia had always made it too dangerous for a camping trip or any hiking when we were younger. But now that the war is hopefully ending, a little hope for the future rushes through me.
The end of a war. It opens just...so many possibilities to better the lives of so many people. All that energy that went towards destruction and defense - now it can be turned towards building and learning. I buzz a bit with energy as the possibilities whirl through my mind.
The only thing that puts a dampener on it is the memory that Juniper is still gone and in trouble - or at least, she was as far as I know. I sigh, wondering what she's up to, worrying for her. Junie - she's so tough and strong, but she's got a very tender heart beneath it all.
Even if she is a grumpy little thunder cloud sometimes, she's still my sister. I love her a lot and want her to be okay.
"What's wrong?" Jackson murmurs in my ear, sensing my change in mood.
"Just thinking about Junie," I reply, distracted, staring off into the distance as Jackson keeps us moving steadily towards the horizon.
"Oh, don't worry about June," he says absently. "She's fine."
go a bit still, half turning in the seat to look at my mate. "How do you -"
"Face forward," he growls, taking one hand from the handlebars and wrapping it tight around my waist to keep me from flying off.
I laugh and do as I'm bid, turning back and settling back against him, pressing my ass back perhaps a little tighter against him than it needs to be. He snarls a bit in my ear, keeping that arm tight around my waist.
"How do you know she's fine?" I ask, not letting myself get distracted from the topic.
"Jesse says she is," he says, quite simple.
Shocked, I start to turn again but Jackson tightens his arm and snarls. Still, I turn my head as far as it can go, doing my best to stare at him in shock.
"How does Jesse know!?"
—
"Because," Jackson says, glancing down at me. He visited her there, in the Underworld. With Midnight. He says she's in a world of mess got herself caught up in some kind of competition to marry some Prince of Death - but that she's also got them albwrapped around her finger -" 
—
"What!?" I shriek, appalled not only by the news but by the fact that my stupid mate knew all of this has apparently known it all - and didn't bother to tell me! "Jackson! Why didn't you fill me in on this!?" 
"Oh, um," he says, glancing down at me, a bit guilty. "I wasn't supposed to tell
you. Jesse said...well. Just pretend I didn't tell you, okay?"
I shriek again, appalled, and he laughs, tightening the arm around me.
"Would you stop doing that? I'm trying to drive."
"Why doesn't Jesse want me to know!?"
"He says there's a surprise and he doesn't want anyone to tell you. Because you're going to flip. So everyone is sworn to secrecy - not just me."
"Jackson," snarl, tense and livid. "You'd better tell me. Right now."
"No," he murmurs, pressing a loving kiss to the side of my head in apology.
"Jacks!"
"I promised!"
"You promised Jesse - a promise Jesse doesn't matter! Your allegiance to me takes priority!"
"No, he said you'd say that, and he told me to remind you that he's my best friend."
I shout now in appalled horror at how Jesse has constructed this. Jackson just laughs, holding me close.
"Is it a good surprise or a bad one?" I hiss.
"A good one," Jacks says. "You'll like it, I promise. I almost cried when he told me."
"What!?"
Jackson hums in confirmation and my mind whirls with possibilities. But I can't think of anything -
anything at all that would fit this situation. A surprised related to stupid Juniper in the Underworld that almost made Jackson cry!? 
###Chapter 0888
What the hell!?
"Tell me." I command.
A single growl rumbling in his chest signals Jackson's refusal.
I take a different tack, pressing my ass backwards against him, arching my back a little. "Please tell me, Jackson," I beg, my voice softer now.
He goes still behind me and I smile, pleased.
"Please, Jackson," I beg, my voice softer and breathier now as I snake a hand backward, letting it slip up the side of his neck, my fingers tangling in his hair. "Please, I'll give you anything you want in return."
The entire time I speak I let my ass wriggle against him. I smile, devilish, when a stiffening in Jackson's pants let me know that my efforts are working.
"Stop," he growls.
"Please, Jacks," I whisper, tilting my head back, letting a little moan slip from my lips. "Tell me. I won't tell anyone you spilled - I'll play along!"
He snarls, his arm tightening around my waist and I grin, thinking that I've got him. I press my ass back hard, rubbing it all along the thick length of his cock.
But suddenly I gasp when Jackson cuts the power to the ATV and we come skidding to a stop, because not half a second later my mate is pulling me with him off the vehicle and dragging me down into the dirt, setting me before him on my knees as he kneels behind me, my back flat to his chest.
It only takes a moment to figure out what's going on as my snarling mate uses one hand to turn my face up to him, claiming my mouth as his other hand dips low and makes fast work of his belt, shoving his pants down.
I groan, wanting him already - falling to my hands and yanking hard at my stupid Atalaxian skirts, wanting them up and out of the way as Jackson takes my hips firmly in his broad hands and pulls me sharply back against him.
A cry breaks from me as Jackson's cock presses into me in one fluid motion, my pussy wet and ready for him in an absurdly short amount of time. A heady moan falls from me as I press my hips back, wanting more of him, as much as fucking possible as Jackson, snarling begins to pound himself into me at a steady, harsh pace. His hands pull me back and back as my mate fucks me almost furiously, completely lost to his lust, the want of me that swept over him - over both of us - in almost an instant. 
And me? I want him just as bad, my mouth hanging open as huffing gasps break from my lips at every stroke, as my eyes go hazy with how fucking good it feels - Jackson's thick, veiny cock, pounding into me again and again. Half of it is sheer physical pleasure, but my mind is also drunk on the knowledge that I drove him to this. That all it took was the press of my ass against him and he had to throw me down in the dirt - 
God, fuck but we're in trouble. Jacks - I want him in me all the time. I pant, going to my elbows to get a deeper angle, feeling the round head of his cock hitting that point so deep within me that makes my eyes roll back.
He doesn't last long, not at this furious pace, and I bite my lap as my mate roars, bending over my back as he comes, hot and thick. The feel of it, sticky and wet and filling me up, sends me over too and I pulse and shudder, my arms giving out under my weight as my orgasm shakes through me.
Jacks collapses along with me, pulling me into his arms as he falls to the side, and we both pant and work hard to catch our breath as we lay in the prairie grass, me wrapped loosely in my mate's arms with my back pressed again to his chest, his cock slowly going soft inside of me.
"Fuck," Jackson whispers, soft, still catching himself.
I laugh, shaking against him. "We're in so much trouble, Jacks," I whisper.
"Why?" he murmurs, cuddling me close, pressing kisses to my neck and hair.
"Because," I groan, turning, moaning
a little as the action makes his cock slip from my tender flesh. He gasps too, a long and steady shudder
passing through him, making met
smile laugh a little again and cup his cheek in my palm, looking up at him. "I think we're both going to have a little trouble controlling ourselves. And with family and paparazzi around..." 
"Whatever,” he mutters, snuggling me close, his eyes closed. "You're mine now.
Everyone can just...deal with it."
I laugh, resting my head happily on his chest, thinking...well, at this rate, that it
might take us a little longer to get home than we thought.
"Okay, now tell me," I whisper. "What's the secret you're keeping about the surprise in the underworld?"
"Not a chance, Princess," he says with a laugh, shaking his head. "You're going to have to try a lot harder than that to get it out of me."
A little tingle rushes through me and I smile, looking forward to the challenge.
###Chapter 0889
The gas station clerk pages languidly through the magazine he's read a hundred times already this month, bored as hell. He sighs, lifting his head to look around the tiny room of this little desert outpost - the room that serves not only as a convenience store, but also a bar, and a tiny casino. There are also rooms upstairs for rent - not that anyone stays more than a day.
"Boring as hell today," he murmurs, returning his eyes to the page. "But it's a living."
A rumble outside makes the clerk stand up and peer out the window behind him at the waste, wondering who would come in this close to sunset. There are some locals who make a living out here, and some adventurer types who want to see the sights in their camper vans and motorcycles, but he wasn't expecting anyone to return today...
He frowns as he watches a single ATV approach, kicking up dust behind it towards the setting sun. The clerk's eyes go wide as the ATV pulls close enough for him to see the seriously gigantic guy driving it - clearly a wolf, and an Alpha at that.
But seated on the ATV front of him -
The clerk's lips part in surprise as the little blonde haired woman hops off the ATV, laughing as she turns to look up at her huge scarred protector, her lovely rose- gold hair flowing all around her as she smiles and takes his hand. The Alpha likewise stands, towering over the girl, tugging her towards the shop.
The clerk just continues to stare as the pair come into the gas station, the bell ringing above the door because...
Well, it's like something out of a damn movie.
The scariest damn wolf he's ever seen walking into his store - his store, out in the middle of nowhere - with...with a damn princess on his arm.
"Hi!" the girl says, smiling a wide dazzling smile as she strides confidently up to the counter. "I'm Princess -"
"Oh, I know who you are," the clerk murmurs, taking a step back to get a better look both at the beautiful girl and the man standing behind her, who growls a soft warning. And as much as the clerk's eyes want to stay on the angel before him, his instincts won't let him take his sight away from the snarling, tagged Alpha - because is that - is
that...blood all down his front? The clerk goes pale and still. 
"Oh, great!" Ariel Sinclair says, laughing and leaning against the counter, perfectly casual. "I guess my reputation precedes me." She grins and glances at the magazines in the rack next to the checkout, several of which read Kidnapped Princess! The clerk blushes when he realizes that he's also carrying several more scandalous titles, the covers of which declare her a traitor to her nation and show pictures of her in an Atalaxian crown, beaming at their damned prince. 
“Phone,” the Alpha snarls, drawing the clerk's eyes back to him. "Now."
"Easy, Jacks," the Princess says, putting a soft hand on his arm as she laughs and looks up at him. The clerk just stares between them, baffled and terrified and charmed all at once. He nearly jumps when the Princess turns that stunning gaze back on him. "But yes, um. Would you mind? If we made a call?" She points at the phone on the counter behind him. "Our phone ran out of battery."
“Um, sure,” the clerk says, stumbling into action immediately and grabbing for the old lined telephone, nearly ripping it off the wall as he hurries to place it on the table before her. "Anything...anything you need.”
"Thank you" Ariel says, beaming at him as she picks up the receiver and begins to dial a number.
The clerk's eyes move back to the
Alpha when he hears, almost absurdly, the big man's stomach turn over in a growl. The Alpha stares for a moment at several individually wrapped pieces of meat jerky on the counter, popular with travelers and truckers. Then he snatches them all up into one fist. "I'm going to eat these," he says, glaring at the clerk, almost challenging him to say he can't. 
The clerk eagerly nods, desperate to do...whatever the hell this dangerous man wants.
"We'll pay for that later," the Princess hisses to the clerk in a whisper, covering the receiver with one hand, "sorry, we don't have any money right now. But we're good for it! Oh, Jacks, get me one of those caramel ones -" She points eagerly at the candy selection.
###Chapter 0890
The Alpha nods, grabs two, and hands them to the girl before beginning to unwrap the meat and eat it at a rather incredible pace. The clerk just...watches. Fascinated.
"Oh, hey!" the Princess says into the phone after a few moments, balancing it against her shoulder as she unwraps a candy bar with both hands. A huge smile breaks out on her face. "Hey, dad! It's me!"
The clerk's eyes go wide. Is...is the King seriously on the phone right now!?
"Yeah, I'm fine! I'm perfectly fine, can't wait to get home!" the Princess says, her eyes watering with tears even as she laughs in delight. "I'm with Jacks. We're... um, actually...wait one second."
Then, still smiling, the girl takes the receiver in one hand and offers it out to the clerk, giving him again that pretty, obliging smile. "Do you mind telling my dad where we are so he can come and get us? It would be a big help."
Slowly, the clerk reaches out to take the phone and raise it to his ear. "Your...your highness?"
"Now," the voice growls on the other end of the line, making the clerk jump nearly out of his boots. "Tell me where my daughter is. Right. Now."
I squeal with joy as the door to the helicopter finally, finally unlocks and I can throw it open.
"Ari," Jackson growls behind me, frustrated as I stumble out of the aircraft. "Please be careful -"
But I ignore him, regaining my feet and dashing across the rooftop, hurling myself into my dad's waiting arms. I laugh, delighted, as my dad wraps me up tight, pressing my cheek to his chest, barely noticing the tears that streak down my face.
My dad groans in relief, like he hasn't even let himself even consider relaxing for a moment until I was here again, safe and happy, under his protection.
"Ariel, my baby girl," dad murmurs, bending to tuck me in close and press his face to my hair. "My sweet girl, god damn it, I was so sacred..."
"I'm okay,” I say, laughing and sniffing and nodding all at once. "I'm fine, dad - it's all all right -"
I try to tug away, wanting to look up into his face, but dad just snarls and holds me close for a few moments more.
"Oh, Dominic," my mom says, her voice thick with tears. "Let her go - you're being selfish. She's my daughter too!"
Dad grumbles about it but does as mom bids, loosening his arms and pressing a kiss to my hair and then to my cheek before passing me to my mother. My mom gives a terrible little cry as we throw ourselves at each other, joy and
agony mixed in our voices. We both blubber for a bit, crying and hugging and telling each other how much we missed each other and how worried we were. 
Behind me, just passively, my ears attune to my father greeting my mate the sound of their hands
—
clasping, and then Jackson being
pulled into a hug, and then somet
murmured words of greeting and gratitude. I smile even as I tuck my head against my mom's shoulder, refishing the feel of her in my arms and then her arms around me. 
"Little baby trouble," mom coos, stroking my back and then my hair. "You smell different, you know."
I pull back a little, eagerly biting my lip, and mom pushes my long hair back over my shoulder, her eyes darting immediately to the fresh mark low on my neck. She squeals with happiness and excitement wrapping me up in a big hug and rocking me back and forth delighted. I burst out laughing and hug her tight to me, delighted too. 
"What is it?" dad asks, and I can hear the frown in his voice.
"We're not only celebrating a homecoming, but the addition of a son-in-law too,"
mom says, laughing and turning me towards dad.
Dad goes a bit still, looking between us, his eyes moving immediately to my neck.
###Chapter 0891
My heart pounds for a long moment before dad's face shifts into a wide, happy smile.
"Welcome to the family, son," dad says, holding out a hand again towards Jacks.
Jackson stares down at it for a second and I hear mom sniff next to me, working hard to hold back her tears, because she very well knows what this kind of welcome means to him. To a boy who has never had a family before.
"An honor, sir,” Jackson says after a moment of pause, his voice thick, lifting his blue eyes to Dad's green ones and smiling as he takes his hand, giving it a hearty shake. "The honor of my life, to be mated to your daughter."
"We're honored to have you, kid," Dad says, laughing and smiling, and then slipping an arm around Jackson's shoulders, turning him towards the door. "Downstairs, then! Everyone's waiting."
The two of them set off and I look at mom, a bit baffled. "It's that easy?" I whisper.
"I kind of...thought dad would flip at me being mated to anyone -"
"Oh, baby, we kind of saw it coming,” mom says with a laugh, giving me a squeeze. "Dad's had months to adjust. And considering that Jackson has saved you twice now, rather spectacularly? And that he's smart and cute and a good boy? And he's an orphan, which means we don't have to share you for holidays!? Come on. Your dad is well aware that he can't ask for more than that."
I laugh a little, leaning against my mom, incredibly happy and relieved that Jackson is being so warmly welcomed. I mean, not that I ever thought he wouldn't be, it's just...Alpha dads can be notoriously volatile when letting their daughter's care and safety pass to another man.
But mom is right - with Jackson as that other man? God, who could complain.
"Hope you're ready for a party," Mom hums, light and sing-song, giving me another squeeze, in no hurry to take her hands off me. "Everyone is here!"
"Everyone!?" I gasp.
"Oh, we couldn't keep them away," Mom says, wrinkling her nose at me.
I laugh but then shake my head, glancing down at myself. "But we're all dirty- and bloody - and I have to fill you in -"
"Oh, all of that can wait, daughter," mom says, pressing a warm kiss to my cheek. "We all want a moment to feast our eyes on you, ensure ourselves that you're alive and okay. Besides, wait till you see what Jesse did on the roof!"
I burst out laughing and follow my dad and my mate into the palace, my arm wrapped around my mom, my heart totally full of love.
A huge cheer bursts out in the room the moment we step inside and I tightly clasp Jackson's hand even as tears again come to my eyes. I laugh a little looking up at Jacks as I feel him tense and fight the urge to step back, still not used to the onslaught of love in a big family. 
Fight or flight kicking in? I ask, mentally, beaming up at him. Atalaxian army you can handle, but all of Jesse's siblings are too much?
He narrows his eyes a little at me, smirking as he stands straight. But there's no time to reply as out family swarms around us, hugs going around liberally as well as shouts of joy.
I take my time holding each member
of my family close, taking special time to cry over my sweet baby Markie, and my little cousins, and my grandfather, who each tell me how much they missed me, how worried they were. Rosie, in O particular, whispers in my ear that she never thought I'd betrayed the nation, no matter what the news said. 
I laugh and kiss her warmly, releasing her from my hug just in time to hear Seraphina shriek "Puppy!" and hurl herself up into Jackson's arms. He gasps,
snatching her out of the air like t
scared she was going to hurt herself argo crashing to the floor, the true fear on his face making me again burst into laughter. 
###Chapter 0892
"Hello, trouble," Cora murmurs, turning me away from the sight of her youngest child clambering over my mate like a jungle gym. "We were so worried for you!"
"We were," Roger sighs, wrapping his arms around both me and Cora at once, making me grin up at him. "But clearly we should have just chilled out and let you handle it. Honestly we were all so stressed when we could have just had a spa day, letting you and Jackson end the damn war -"
"Hey, I helped," Jesse says, and I grin as I peek over Cora's shoulder to see him standing there next to Rafe, both clearly waiting to greet us last so they can take longest. My heart swells to see them standing side-by-side, remembering that they fought last time I saw them together. But clearly they've patched things up.
“Hey!” I say, laughing, reaching for both my brother and my cousin at once as Cora and Roger release me. Tears again stream ridiculously down my face. "Oh god, I missed you two jerks -"
"No, you didn't," Jesse murmurs, wrapping me up warm and tight. "Please, it's creepy if you were missing me while you busy were getting that pretty new mark
I gasp, scandalized, and shove him away even as I crack up laughing, smacking him liberally on the shoulder and chest. "You're such a creep! How could you even think that -"
"Two marks, right?" Rafe says, smirking at me and reaching for my bandaged wrist. "Damn, one or two weeks in Atalaxia sure turns a girl into a tramp, doesn't it
I gasp, utterly scandalized again, and start to smack at my brother in turn as he roars with laughter and wraps me up in his arms.
"Jerks," I grumble against him, not really meaning it, relishing their stupid teasing. Rafe hums his agreement, giving me a squeeze, and I sigh and shut my eyes, loving my brother a great deal.
"I'm happy for you, Ari," he murmurs, kissing my hair and taking a whiff of my new scent. "Jacks smells good on you."
“Thanks,” sigh, pushing away a bit to smile up at him. "I think so too Hey," I glance around the room "Where - where are Pippa and Elias and Benny? And Midnight?" 
—
"Ben and Elias are going to come down in a bit Pippa has begged off from the party. He looks at me seriously now. "She says she's been having minor labor pains for a few days now but..." he shrugs. "I don't really know what's going on. L'don't get the feeling that that's the whole story. And Ben like...weirdly just wants to hang out with Elas. I don't know. I don't get it. Ten hours in Atalaxia and Ben is like...very dedicated to the two of them. It doesn't make any sense." 
Rafe frowns and glances towards the door, clearly confused and waiting for our friend to come in.
Slowly, my face spreads into a grin as I look between Jesse and Rafe's baffled expressions.
"Seriously?" I whisper, beaming, delighted to have a secret they haven't figured out yet. "You don't know?"
"Know what?” Rafe asks, snapping his head back to frown at me. He narrows his eyes. "Wait, what do you know?"
"Oh, nothing,” I say, crossing my eyes and looking directly at Jesse. "At least no more than what you know."
Jesse narrows his eyes at me in turn. "What are you talking about?"
Jackson
"Finally," Jackson murmurs, coming up behind me and draping his arms over my shoulders, pulling me back against his chest. "It's nice having a family and everything, but do I have to hug all of them every timed see them?" 
“Jacks spilled the beans,” I say, haughty, leaning back against my gorgeous mate and grinning deviously at Jesse.
"Jackson!" Jesse gasps, his eyes flying wide to stare at Jackson. "You didn't!"
###Chapter 0893
"I – what?" Jackson sputters out, looking between all of us. "What beans?"
"I explicitly asked you not to, Jacks!" Jesse says, appalled. “As a favor to your best friend!"
"I didn't spill any beans! I didn't even have any beans!"
"I still maintain that I am his best friend," Rafe murmurs, looking smugly up at the ceiling.
"It's a turn of phrase, Jacks!" Jesse continues, ignoring Rafe and pointing an accusatory finger at Jackson. "It means you told her what I told you about the Underworld!"
Jackson gasps, satisfyingly scandalized, and steps back a little to glare at me, his hands still on my shoulders. "Ariel! I did not!"
"He told me a little bit," I say, smirking at Jesse.
"Jackson!" Jesse gasps again, smacking his hand to his chest, the picture of betrayal.
"I hate this," Jackson groans, tiling his head back in agony and closing his eyes. "Can we go back to the desert? This is so much - there are so many people here, and every other word is some kind of verbal trap - "
"That is your family, Jackson," I say, grinning at him, kind of delighting in his torture. "How dare you insinuate that they're too much -"
"Puppy, again!" Seraphina shrieks, dashing over to wrap her arms around Jackson's leg and smile up at him, her sharp little baby teeth flashing. "Carry me! Pig back ride!"
He just stares down at her, completely baffled.
"Jacks how much did you tell Ariel, because seriously – that was a secret! I've been looking forward to spilling that to her for days!"
"All right, all right," Cora says,
coming over with a whiskey and a big, big glass of white wine her hands, pressing them towards Jackson and I. "Let him go, Fifs Puppy and cousin are going to go clean up, because they're all bloody and gross," she grins between us and we laugh. "And then they're going to come back and tell us everything. Yes?" 
Seraphina sighs but releases Jackson from her grip as we take our drinks and turn towards the hallway with our bedrooms.
"Don't you think this is done," I say, narrowing my eyes at Jesse. "I want to know this secret. Jackson said it made him cry."
Rafe and Jesse gasp, pretending to be scandalized by this, making me laugh.
"Almost cry," Jackson grumbles,
glaring a warning at the two of them
before wrapping an arm around my waist and tugging me close to him. istan
"Damn it, Ariel, why do you always
have to cause so much -"Content
“Trouble?" I ask, grinning up into his face and then bursting into laughter when
Jackson realizes that he walked right into that.
"Yes, trouble," he sighs as we pass
into the relative dark and calm of the hallway. He pauses, dipping his head, and I stand on my toes and pressa kiss to his mouth. "Always so much damn trouble with you." 
"Oh, you like me troublesome," I murmur, biting my lip and snaking an arm around his waist.
He pauses for a moment, considering. "Yes," he sighs, defeated and starting off
down the hall again, taking me with him. "Yes, I suppose I do."
I laugh and lean against him, happy and warm and safe and delighted.
"Do you think I could get something to eat?" he murmurs.
"Yes, baby," I sigh, leaning happily against him. "We'll have them send up a whole
feast while you take a shower."
Jackson hums, excitement running through him, making me laugh.
###Chapter 0894
When Jackson and I come out of my room a little while later, in fresh soft clothes and all cleaned up, the party is in full swing. I laugh to see my family so heartily celebrating my homecoming, and my newly mated status, and Jackson's addition to the family, and the end of the war.
But still, my wolf howls a little when it becomes immediately apparent that one little thunder cloud isn't here, lurking in the corner and glaring around at everyone, pretending not to have any fun at all.
I sigh, leaning against Jacks and taking a long sip of my wine. He tightens his arm around my shoulder, looking down at me. "You okay?"
"Yeah," I say on a soft sigh, my eyes still moving over my wonderful, happy family. "Just...missing Junie. Wishing she was here."
He hums his understanding and tightens his arm, sending a great deal of warmth and love and support down the bond. I smile up at him, truly appreciating that he doesn't try to convince me not to be sad or worried for her. He just hears me, and understands, and wants to comfort in whatever way he can.
"Hey, I love you," I say softly, my face breaking into a smile as I gaze up at him.
His own face breaks instantly from serious repose to happiness, such a drastic change that shifts his whole face from...well, frankly from terrifying to lovely. He grins at me, stroking a hand long over my still-damp hair.
"I love you too, tiny," he says on a happy sigh. "Very much. Now come on, let's go tell everyone the King of Atalaxia is dead."
"You don't think they know?" I ask, my eyes wide.
"It wasn't on any of those tabloids," he murmurs, ushering me into the room. "Who knows what the hell is going on. Let's go find out."
We join the warm, well-lubricated party and, to my great joy, four newcomers soon join us two of whom I was expecting and two who are very much a surprise to me. I give Elias and Benny warm hugs and kisses, asking after Pippa - who truly is feeling her pregnancy at this point - before moving very quickly to the other two, curious about their presence. Jackson stays with Elias and Ben, wanting more details.
“Hi, Dr. Hank!” I say, laughing a little as I stand on my toes to hug the doctor, who is indeed quite tall for a human. “It's so nice to see you! I didn't know you were here!"
"Lucky coincidence, highness," Hank says, returning my hug and giving me a warm smile. "I'm so, so glad you were able to return safe." He steps back from me and turns a little, gesturing towards the young woman behind him who...
Well. Who certainly brings Juniper's thunder-cloud energy, if perhaps with a slightly spicier vibe.
"You remember my daughter, Yes? Mary-"
"Maryam, of course!" I say, laughing and rushing forward to wrap Maryam in a hug.
"Whoa," she says, laughing and stumbling back a step, hesitating before giving me a very slight hug in return and patting me on my back. "Enthusiastic as ever, Ariel. It's nice to see you, I guess."
I laugh a little, pulling away, a bit confused about this taciturn greeting from my childhood friend but...well, we haven't seen each other in a long time, have we?
"How've you been?" I ask, beaming at her, a bit wide-eyed. God, Maryam sure did grow up well, didn't she? She was always a bit of a plain kid,- but now? With that tall, willowy figure that somehow also manages to have curves, and those dark, heavy-lashed eyes, and all that gorgeous hair flowing halfway down her back? Damn, is she a model now? I feel like I should be seeing her on the cover of every magazine. 
"I'm fine," she says, dry, giving a shrug. "Here under duress and protest."
"Our beloved Maryam got
suspended from her college for the rest of the semester," Hank says, wrapping an arm around his
daughter's shoulders, mock proud. “She's taking the time to think about batancing her priorities alongside her temper." 
"It wasn't temper that got me kicked out," Maryam says, leaning a little against her dad but keeping her eyes on me, her mouth quirking. "It was the institution's inability to admit their complicity with genocide and pro-wolf politics at the expense of their human students." 
She gives a casual shrug as my eyebrows go up in surprise. But then my face breaks into a huge smile because as cold and critical as Maryam is...I don't know!
I just like her immediately.
After all, one rule breaker tends to quite like another.
###Chapter 0895
"Cool!” I say, tucking my hands behind my back. “I left school for a little bit too. To like. Fight in the war and stuff."
"I know," she says, sighing and looking away like she hates to give me a compliment. “I think it's...really cool that you infiltrated an all-male academy and kicked the assess of all the Alphas in there and also in Atalaxia. That was really badass, Ariel."
"Thanks!" I say, perky, grinning at her.
She turns her face back to me, the corner of her mouth pulling up into a smile she can't help. I wrinkle my nose at her and nod towards the room, inviting Maryam and Hank further inside.
The mood in the room stays high even as the conversation turns a bit, then, to more serious matters. The children, as they frequently do when they're bored with us talking about politics and "adult stuff," shift into their pup bodies and chase each other around the room, nipping and wrestling a little in the corners. I laugh as I watch them, not missing the fact that while Hank looks perfectly at ease with this, Maryam – sitting in the corner of the couch - watches with wide-eyed surprise.
Rafe settles next to her, offering her a drink that she just rolls her eyes at. He sighs and drinks it himself all in one go.
I snuggle close to Jackson's side on a little loveseat, filling my family and friends in on all the details of my experiences in Atalaxia, which takes quite some time. Jesse, Ben, Jacks, and Elias jump in on the story too, elaborating with their perspective on the experiences. Dad and Roger listen closely to the close of the story, their glances at each other letting us know that they suspected that the King was dead but that they hadn't had confirmation of it yet.
"Um," I say, a little awkward, glancing down at my wrist. "Has there been any communication from...the royal family there?" I glance at Elias here, who likewise looks at my dad. "From Prince...um, from King Gabriel?"
"No," dad says on a sigh, holding my gaze and then looking over at Elias. "Our army has the castle under siege but even without Gabriel's magical ability to create a barrier they're pretty effectively locked down."
"Why don't you just break in, guns blazing?" Jesse murmurs, sitting on the floor and leaning back against the armchair on which our moms sit, wedged in together. I smirk at Jesse, recognizing the languid way in which he's talking, thinking that he's sure enjoying his whiskey after so much yurt-life deprivation. 
"Because," Roger says, smirking at his son. "We're not actually attempting to destroy Atalaxia or take it over, 'We don't want to make it a part of Moon Valley, as was Atalaxia's plan for Moon Valley f they won the war." He glances at Elias here, who awkwardly hangs his head. Ben puts a warm and assuring hand on his back, making me smile. 
"So, what are you trying to do?" Maryam snaps out. "Just...violence for violence's sake?"
"Yes," Jesse replies, baring his teeth at her for the fun of it. "We wolves just need blood gallons of it every day -"
He stops and laughs when his mother scowls and smacks him over the head with the flat of her palm.
"We have plans," my dad says, looking at Maryam with a soft smile, "to work with Atalaxia's new King to establish better relations between our two peoples so that our nations can be mutually supportive in the future."
"And the humanitarian crisis there?" Maryam asks, arching an eyebrow at the King, not backing off an inch. Rafe sits weirdly straight at her side, not looking at her, but every inch of him attuned to the conversation. I frown as my eyes pass over him because...why is he being so serious?
"We're working very hard to solve that," my mom says, her voice soft and pleased. All heads turn to her. "We're sending crisis troops in now to help anyone who wishes to leave Atalaxia to do just that. But the ideologies under which Atalaxia exists are well entrenched, we can't simply force people to see rights and culture the way that we do. They have to want to change." 
Maryam twists her lips to the side and nods, accepting this answer and the complexities it implies. She sinks contemplatively back into her pillows. Rafe, to
my surprise, lets out a long relieved breath and takes another long sip of his drink - the one he's refilled twice now.
My frown deepens as I study my brother because...honestly, why on earth is Rafe being so weird?
###Chapter 0896
I look over at Mark to find him likewise studying Rafe in the same way I am, confused. Jesse clears his throat and I look over to see him nodding eagerly to me, darting his eyes over at Rafe, letting me know that he, too, clearly sees that something is up.
"Well!” Mom says, smacking her leg and getting hastily up, dislodging Cora, who gives a tiny yelp as she spills to the side. "I need a refill. Who else!?"
Rafe immediately stands, as do others, and Jesse takes the opportunity to scootch over to me.
"Hey," Jesse whispers, looking up at me from the floor with a grin, "want to go visit Midnight and talk about how weird Rafe is being?"
"Yes!" I gasp, jumping to my feet. I turn to Jackson with a grin. "You in!?"
"No, I want to have a word with Hank," Jackson says, standing and pressing a kiss to my hair. "You go...if..." he frowns, turning to Jesse as he stands up. "You'll keep her safe, right?"
Jesse pauses, going a bit still, and then breaks out into a laugh. "Jacks, she has full goddess-controlled fire magic now. She'll be keeping me safe."
"Yeah," I say, grinning up on my mate and flicking blue flame to life in my palm, letting it play over my fingers. "No worries, baby. I'll be all right."
Jackson grumbles, truly not liking to leave my side, but he bends low to press a quick kiss to my lips. He also very subtly, surreptitiously swats my ass before striding away, making me yelp and then laugh. Jesse grabs my hand, grinning at me, and tugs me quickly from the room.
"Nooo," I cry, glancing back towards the party, "we forgot wine! I need more wine! They didn't give me any wine in Atalaxia, and Jackson didn't think to pack any for his weird solo trip -"
"There's wine on the roof!" Jesse protests, laughing and hauling me along. As we run suddenly a group of little puppies come spilling out of the party room, chasing us and yelping their eagerness to come along.
"We're going to the roof!?"
"You said you wanted to see Mids, didn't you?" he replies, grinning at me. My eyes widen as I realize the connection here and I hasten my steps pounding after Jesse down the hall and then up the staircase to our little roof garden. 
I gasp as soon as Jesse pushes the door open, my eyes flashing wide to take in the sight of...
God, of an enormous yurt taking up the vast majority of the space.
I burst out laughing as I realize, immediately, precisely what it is.
I
"Jesse!" I gasp, grabbing him into a big rough hug even as the pups all come dashing up the stairs and into the garden, yelping and barking their joy. "I can't believe you did this for her! You are - you are so nice!" 
QUMS
He laughs, blushing a little, hugging me back and then running a bashful hand through his hair. "Yeah, well, it's her house. She didn't want to leave without it."
"Oh my god Jesse," I grumble, tears springing to my eyes again and I wrap him again in a hug. "You're so secretly sweet. I love you so much."
"Yeah, well,” he sighs, patting my back. "Don't give me too much credit."
I hug him for a moment more while the pups set up a racket, barking at the flap that functions as a door to the front of the yurt. And even as smile and laugh at the sight of them, my heart suddenly seizes asd remember that..... 
That I have a friend. Who I have spent far too little time thinking about in the past few days. A friend to whom Jesse was likewise just as secretly sweet, if, perhaps, in not so performative a way.
I push away from Jesse with a little gasp, looking at him, a little afraid to ask.
My cousin sees my face and immediately senses the direction of my thoughts. "Don't, Ari," he begs, his expression falling slack. "Not - not here, okay?" He nods his head towards Midnight's yurt.
I immediately understand his complicated situation and force myself to tuck the question away, my emotions with it.
###Chapter 0897
But there wouldn't be time to ask anyway as a fairly feral cry sounds within the yurt. My head snaps towards it, shocked, as all five pups start barking with increased fervor, Chase even beginning to spin in eager circles at the sound.
"What is happening?" I whisper.
"Oh, just watch," Jesse murmurs, wicked and delighted.
I do as he says, my eyes trained on the yurt as Midnight suddenly appears, whipping the tent's flap back, her face furious. "You pups!" she shouts, holding out a toy gun with what looks like a thousand soft foam darts attached. "I told you to stay away from my yurt! You're worse than the whores!"
The pups yelp in delight as they dash for her, playing, pretending to leap at her and then dashing away as she sprays them with foam bullets, shouting at them to get away from her house, and to never come back again, that they'll rue the day they ever crossed her door and disturbed her solitutde.
I burst into hysterical laughter, leaning against Jesse for support as the pups come again and again, clearly delighting in the game - although it becomes immediately aware, at least to me, that to Midnight? It is not a game.
"Jesse!" Midnight shouts, frowning desperately at him and waving the gun in the air. "You said this would make them go away!"
"No," Jesse calls over, laughing with me, his arms crossed as he beams at his funny little mate. "I said it would help. But you misinterepreted me, I meant it would help me have a great deal more fun."
Midnight scowls at him, narrowing her eyes, her shadows beginning to overtake her form. "You get these mongrels you call siblings away from my house!" she snaps, glaring at him hard. "No children allowed! No pups!"
Jesse whistles, long and sharp, and the pups all go still before seeming to sigh and turn towards him, obeying even though they're sad that the game is over.
"Mids is tired," Jesse says to them all with a shrug. "You can come bother her again tomorrow. Go downstairs and make Aunt Ella give you chocolate, okay?"
The pups all glance at each other, clearly considering their options, and then Caleb barks and leaps for the door, all the rest of the pups following after him and flowing down the stairs, leaving the rooftop shockingly quiet.
"How come they don't listen to me when I tell them to go away?" Midnight Sulks, pouting at Jesse, her toy gun still hanging from her hand.
"Because they just love you so much, Mids! esse says, grinning at her and striding for the little wine fridge we keep up here, pulling out a bottle. They don't want to leave your side, but they don't mind leaving mine, as I am both cruel and boring." 
"True," Midnight says, cocking her head to the side as she considers this point. Then, perhaps for the first time tonight, she turns her eyes to me Hello, Blonde Rat. It is nice to see you." 
I perky up a little, curious. "Blonde rat?"
She just shrugs like it's a fact, her eyes moving to my neck. "I like your new mark." "Thank you!" I say, cheerful and beaming.
"Is it from Jackson?" she asks, cocking her head. "Or the fancy one?"
"Both, actually," I say, holding out my wrist so she can see my bandaged arm.
“Lucky,” she says, scowling and shifting her eyes to glare at Jesse as he comes over with three glasses and a cork screw.
He ignores her. "You going to invite us in, Mids?"
She narrows her eyes at me. "Are you going to use all your blue fire to take away my darkness and my magic?"
"Oh!" I say, kind of shocked by this question - honestly, the thought never crossed my mind. "Um, no? Not if you don't want me to?"
"Then yes!" Midnight says, breaking into a smile, quite pleased, gesturing grandly towards the inside of her yurt. "If you promise not to take my magic then you are more than welcome, Ariel. Please come in." 
###Chapter 0898
I laugh and happily move forward with Jesse, ducking into the yurt and looking around with curiosity at the surprisingly large, semi-shabby space. Some things were very obviously brought over from the Land of Darkness - like her bed and some of her pots and pans. But some things are very obviously new, and very obviously Ella additions.
"Oh, I like your tiny fridge," I say with an admiring gasp, taking a seat on a pillow on the floor around what I assume is Midnight's eating area. I leaning close to admire the shiny black mini fridge in Midnight's makeshift kitchen, which is only an arm's length away.
"Thank you," Midnight says, patting the fridge, very pleased as she sits down across from me. Jesse sits down next to both of us so that we form a little semi- circle and begins to open and pour the wine as I continue to look around at Midnight's strange little home. The whole space speaks of so much deprivation and sadness but bizarrely also holds an adorable array of toys and supplies and books - even a little television in the corner with a DVD player attached and what looks like dozens of movies resting next to it on the floor.
"You've got a lot of good stuff here, Mids," I murmur, still looking around.
"Yes," Midnight says, confirming this with a steady nod. "Miss Ella has given me lots of Orange Soda and I like that very much once I stir it so all the bubbles come out. She says that I can have as I want any time I want and all I have to do is order up more." Midnight leans over to tap on a little walkie-talkie that's resting on the floor.
"Well, that is very convenient," I say, nodding appreciatively as I accept the glass of wine from Jesse and take a sip from it. He pours himself one too and then, to my delight, pulls a can of orange soda out of the fridge and empties it into the third wine glass, offering it to Midnight, who takes it very lightly and grabs a straw, beginning to stir out the carbonation.
"How are you liking it here, Mids?" I ask quietly, curious.
"I like it a lot. I like the bathroom," Midnight says, gesturing out of the tent towards the corner of the roof where, indeed, my mom had a full bathroom put in a few years ago. “It is sometimes strange and scary here, with all the planes and helicopters going on overhead, but," she shrugs. "I like it better here. There is more food and things to do and Jesse is here."
She nods casually to him and Jesse raises his glass towards her in salute, which breaks my heart just a little bit.
"Plus, Miss Ella says I can start going to school and learn a lot more - she says I'm smart," Midnight says, perking up quite a bit at that idea. "I would like to learn more. My brain...got very bored, all alone in the Darkness."
I work very, very hard not to cry for this girl, instead swallowing and forcing a smile onto my face.
"That's fantastic, Mids." I say, forcing myself to be cheerful. Jesse smirks at me, knowing me well enough to tell precisely what's going on in my heart and my mind. "Any downsides yet?" 
She narrows her eyes at me. "The pups."
I burst out laughing, grinning at her. "You don't like Jesse's siblings? But they're so cute!"
"Did you know there were five of them, Ariel?” Midnight asks, looking at me with wide eyes like it's an unbelievable number. "And each louder than the next!"
"They're a rambunctious group, for sure," Jesse says with a casual shrug, smiling with pride at the thought of the ducklings.
"I don't know why anyone would
want one of those," she says, staring
at the door, a little appalled as she leans back on one hand, shaking her head, he pretty curls bouncing. “Darkness told me that it was my job to have eighteen of Jesse's pups and to raise them all in his honor but... Miss Cora told me that I get to decide how many pups I have. And that I can have none, if I don't want any." 
I look in a bit of shock between Midnight and Jesse.
"Yes," Jesse murmurs, a bit dry, taking a long sip of his drink. "Many of Midnight and my early conversations revolved around the many children she wished me to sire."
"Jesse,” I breathe, shaking my head at him, appalled.
He bursts out laughing, giving a shrug. "Hey, I was always on team no pups," he says, his shoulders shaking with it.
"I should have listened to you from the start," Midnight says, reaching behind her to take a packet of my favorite cookies off of the shelf behind her. "But... Darkness said it was my destiny and no one told me otherwise. But pups are very loud and very messy and I don't want any of them in my house ever." 
###Chapter 0899
"Wait till you meet an infant one,” I say, raising my eyebrows as Midnight offers me the packet of cookies and I take a few, popping one into my mouth. "They're really loud."
"Pippa has promised me that I can meet her pup when she is born," Midnight says, nodding to me eagerly. "I'm excited to see if she will be as loud as everyone says."
"Babies are also super cute," I say, laughing and shaking my head at her. "It's not all bad."
"Don't try to talk me into bearing Jesse's pups, Ariel," Midnight says, holding up a hand flat towards me. "The other Rat already gave me a book describing how they are made and I am not interested in any of that."
I smile at Midnight in a bit of wonder, shifting my eyes to Jesse, having no idea what she's talking about. But he just grins at me and leans forward. "So, what was up with Rafe?" he asks, eager and gossipy.
"Yes!" I gasp, dropping the cookies onto the floor as I whip my hand out to smack him on the knee. "What was up with him!? Why was he all silent and tense and weird!?"
"I don't know," Jesse says, equally baffled and eager to talk to me about it.
"What happened?" Midnight asks, curious, likewise leaning forward. I grin to see that even if she's new and bizarrely out of touch with the world, she's already caught the Sinclair flair for drama.
Jesse and I take a quick moment to fill Mids in on how weirdly quiet Rafe was tonight, and how much he was drinking, and how he would go all tense and turning towards Maryam whenever she would talk. And then how when she'd finish speaking he'd slump back into the pillows like he was at turns relieved or devastated or one of a thousand other emotions.
"I mean is he sick?" Jesse asks, peering at me. "Did he like...eat a bunch of psychedelic mushrooms in anticipation of the party?"
"Maybe food poisoning," I say slowly, agreeing.
"Sounds like he just met his mate," Midnight says, taking a casual sip of her orange soda.
We both go still and stare at her.
"What?" I ask, leaning forward towards her.
"All the things you're saying," Midnight says, reaching for one of the cookies dropped. "It just sounds like the way people feel when they meet their mate. Fascinated, acting all strange. mean, I followed Jesse around all googoo-eyed for days in the
vel
shadows, listening to his every word, watching him sleep, thinking he was the most fantastic thing ever." 
"You did?" Jesse asks, his eyes flying wide.
"Rafe just sounds like his wolf is
adjusting," Midnight says, putting her soda down as she ignores Jesse
and keeps her eyes on me, stretching her arms above her head with a yawn. "And maybe he's
ashamed of her so he hasn't told his
whole family that she's his mate
yet." 
"But Mids,” I say, leaning forward and shaking my head at her. "She can't be his
mate - Maryam is a human."
"I know," Midnight says, rolling her eyes at me. "I met her. She is very weak and ineffectual, as most humans are, so if she is Rafe's mate then I will feel sorry for him. But Darkness always used to grumble on about that - about how it was the Goddess's first born grandchild's destiny to unite the human and the wolf worlds, and what he could do to stop it -" 
Jesse and I both freeze.
"I mean, I didn't think the prophecy would be fulfilled so literally as having Rafe be mated to a human but," Mids shrugs and takes a sip of her drink. "Who knows. Maybe the Goddess is dull and unimaginative."
She looks between the pair of us, still staring at her shocked and frozen.
"What?" Midnight asks with a frown. "What's wrong? What did I say?"
As one Jesse and I whip our heads to each other and then scamper to our feet. "Did you know about this?" I gasp out.
"No, I fucking didn't!" He snarls, storming for the tent door. "Rafe!" he shouts out into the night, even though there's no chance that Rafe is going to hear him.
"Okay, bye!" Midnight calls after us, completely unperturbed by our abrupt departure, perhaps not fully understanding how rude we're being. "Don't let the children up! And bring me cake when you can!"
I wave to Midnight over my shoulder as I begin to sprint after Jesse down the stairs.
###Chapter 0900
Rafe takes a deep breath after he swallows another gulp of whiskey, looking around at his family and friends who are mingling around the room on Ella's little drink break. God, but he was grateful for that. Every time Maryam opens her mouth he's terrified and his wolf is thrilled - just trying to balance the two conflicting states takes absolutely every ounce of his energy. He can hardly pay attention to anything else.
He glances down at his glass, thinking that the whiskey certainly is helping, the fuzz in his mind likewise keeping his wolf fuzzy. But he can't stay drunk his entire damn life. His eyes stray - as they keep doing - to where Maryam is standing with her father, chatting casually with Cora.
"You good?" Jackson asks, stepping close, sipping at his own glass of whiskey, half a sandwich in his hand.
Rafe smirks, looking between Jackson and the food. "How much do you have to eat?" he asks, laughing a little. "To get back to where you were, weight-wise?"
"Way more than this," Jackson murmurs, taking another big bite of the sandwich and seeming to swallow it whole. Rafe laughs. “But seriously, are you good?" Jackson repeats, his brows knitting together just slightly as he looks Rafe up and down.
Rafe frowns. "I'm fine. What are you talking about?"
"I'm talking about the fact that Jesse and Ariel scampered out of here a little bit ago to talk about how weird you're being," Jackson murmurs, finishing his sandwich in one more big bite.
Rafe's mouth falls open and then he snaps his head to the side, his eyes flashing around the room to see...god, to see everyone looking at him a bit askance. His mom quickly draws her gaze away, looking up at the ceiling, pretending she wasn't just staring worriedly at him. She smacks Dominic on the arm and he, too, stops staring at his son a moment later.
"Oh my god," Rafe breathes, returning his attention to the big Alpha next to him. "Does...does everyone think I'm being weird!?"
"Yes," Jackson replies, completely casual, scanning the room for another tray of sandwiches. "But only because you're being weird so...it's not really their fault."
Rafe groans and grabs Jackson by the wrist, hauling him towards the closest door, which just happens to be the entrance to his parents' bedroom. "Where are we going!?" Jackson gasps. "Rafe, the food is in here -"
Rafe just snarts, pissed at himself for thinking he could handle this. He pulls Jackson inside and then slams the door behind him. "What did you notice!" he barks out, leaning Close to Jackson and baring his teeth. "Did did she notice!?" 
God, he's been such a fool - if Maryam -
If Maryam was like everyone else and noticed that he was being weird... God, she already hates him, how much worse is it going to be if he's also acting like a complete jackass all night?
"Who!?" Jackson asks, freaked out, taking a step back and guarding his glass of whiskey like Rafe might knock it out of his hand.
"Mary -" Rafe nearly shouts but then he catches himself, standing up straight, realizing that Jackson...
Jackson doesn't know what's going on beyond the fact that Rafe was acting strange. Or at least he didn't know. Rafe groans as he realizes his mistake.
"Maryam?" Jackson asks, looking at Rafe with wide eyes. "This is about Maryam? That.....that human girl? Dr. Hank's daughter!?"
Rafe clenches his teeth, his mind whirling for some sort of excuse, but god - his
mind is just too fuzzy - he should have gone easier on the drinks -
"Are you like..." Jackson turns his head and laughs a little. "Are you into her, Rafe?"
Rafe doesn't say anything, looking away.
"Rafe," Jackson says, pity in his voice as he reaches out to put a hand on the prince's shoulder. "You should.. rethink that. She's really pretty but as a human she is very
delicate I'm a little worried you
—
would like...kill her, if you
"Would you shut up?" Rafe snarls, whipping his head back to glare at Jacks. "Of
course I wouldn't hurt her - I would never hurt her - she's -"
Jackson goes still, staring at Rafe, realizing that the Prince's language is a great deal like that he uses to talk about Ariel. And the way that Rafe is acting...god, when his wolf had first smelled Ariel in the academy? He had been just as erratic and frantic. 
###Chapter 0901
"No way," Jackson breathes, shaking his head, his eyes moving down to Rafe's chest, where his wolf lives. "There's...there's no way -"
"Jacks," Rafe groans, leaning into his friend's hand a little bit. "Please, don't tell anyone, I'm so confused – I have no idea what's going on –“
"No way," Jackson whispers again, fascinated. "I mean, Rafe, are you sure? It - it's not possible -"
"Are you sure?" Rafe growls, snapping his eyes up to meet Jackson's. "If I tried to tell you that Ariel wasn't yours, what would you say?"
Jackson rankles at even the hypothetical. But still, he pushes. "She doesn't even have a wolf, Rafe. How can there...how can there be a bond?"
"I don't know," Rafe growls, closing his eyes and shaking his head. "But...my wolf is sure. And he's been flipping out — it's so fucking annoying - he's so excited every time she opens her mouth to say anything and he keeps urging me to do all this stupid stuff -"
"Yup," Jackson says, laughing a little and squeezing Rafe's shoulder. "That's... that's a mate, all right."
"You went through this?" Rafe asks, his eyes opening with a bit of hope.
"Oh my god," Jackson says, nodding eagerly. "The insane shit my wolf told me to do when we figured out it was Ariel, not Ari. He wanted me to rip off -" but Jackson cuts his words off abruptly, standing straighter, clearing his throat, remembering that this is Ariel's brother he's talking to. "It was intense, yes."
Rafe opens his mouth to ask another question but he's interrupted by a hysterical, disbelieving laugh from across the room. Both Rafe and Jackson spin their heads towards the closet, where there's suddenly a figure standing there, silhouetted against the light.
"You've got to be kidding here," Mark breathes, fascinated and delighted. "Are you — are you serious, Rafe!? Maryam is your mate!?"
"Mark!" Rafe barks out, his head clearing slightly in his panic. "Get your ass over here!"
"No way!" Mark laughs, taking it all as a joke – as he always does. Rafe snarls as Mark begins to stride for the door to the living room, his face lit with a wicked glee. Inwardly Rafe's wolf howls in desperation - because Mark - he's so fucking immature, and he's the worst secret keeper in the family, one little nudge from Ariel and Mark will tell her everything -
"I'm serious, Mark!" Rafe snaps, striding for his little brother, grabbing for his arm. "You have to keep this to yourself! This is serious -"
"I have to go find Ariel!" Mark snaps back, laughing and pulling his arm out of
Rafe's reach. "She's going to die - this is going to be so great -"
Rafe snarls, true violence in his tone now as his heart begins to pound. He
snatches again for his brother, whiskey sloshing out of his glass and all over the floor.
"Mark!"
"If you think I'm keeping this to
ou're insane! It's way too
g good, even the idea theet
-"
The door to the living room creeks open -
"Boys?" Ella calls, soft, curious.
you
“Could be mated!” Mark continues,
loud, laughing, not noticing his mother standing in the open door. "To fucking Maryam! That she would be our future Queen!" 
Rafe and Ella go still.
Jackson groans, ducking his head into his hand.
Beyond Ella, every single person gathered for the party in the room beyond goes still too.
Except for Ariel and Jesse, who burst through the door that opens to the rest of the palace, gasping for air.
"Rafe!" Jesse calls, desperate, but
then he and the Princess go still when they realize that everyone else at the party has frozen in shock. 
"Oh, shit,” Mark whispers, going pale as his mother looks at him with wide eyes,
disappointment all over her face.
Silence rings out in the room for three long, desperate heartbeats.
And then a single hissed word breaks through the air.
"What?"
Slowly, everyone turns to where Maryam stands, livid at father's side, her hands clenched into fists.
"What did you just say?"
Her voice is a growl, low and vicious enough to match any Alpha.
###Chapter 0902
Rafe's stomach sinks to his feet and he ducks his head, clenching his empty whiskey glass in his hand. Because this is...this is the worst possible way he could ever imagine Maryam finding out about their bond.
"Mark!" Dominic barks, pointing solidly to his side, demanding that his son come to heel. Mark ducks his shoulders, glancing apology at Rafe as he does as he's told, moving to stand next to his father.
Slowly, Maryam starts through the room, advancing towards Rafe. He hears every one of her footsteps and sighs, lifting his head, meeting her eyes as she stops ten feet from him, hatred radiating off of her in waves.
"What did he just say?" she snarls, pointing at Mark, her words slipping from between clenched teeth.
Rafe sighs and stands straight, meeting his mate's gaze, knowing that she deserves more than for him to cower right now.
"He said that you're my mate, Maryam."
A stir goes through the room but Rafe doesn't look at anyone but her, at this... fairly magnificent creature standing before him, powerful and delicate and vicious. Even as anxiety and regret turns in him, Rafe's wolf howls his pleasure. Rafe's mental hands snaps out, wrapping around his wolf's muzzle because...this is not the time for that.
A laugh, thick with derision, slips from Maryam's lips as she leans forward to stare at Rafe in disbelief. "Tell me this is a joke," she demands, her voice harsh. "A stupid, very poorly conceived joke – the kind of bullshit trick you Alphas play on your human guests just to embarrass them."
"It's not a joke, Maryam," Rafe responds, his voice low and serious. "I wouldn't do that to you."
She guffaws again, disbelief all over her face for a moment until...until something shifts, and she stands straight, suddenly realizing that...
That he's telling the truth. That he fucking means this - that he actually believes that he is her mate.
Maryam's mouth falls slack and she just...stares. Stares into the prince's impossibly handsome face, her eyes flashing all over him, his form, judging him. Rafe stands true and steady, ready to be judged, letting her see that he is unwavering in his conviction that she's his. Utterly his, forever, his mate.
And as he watches, Maryam rankles under this silent claiming.
"Bullshit," she snarls, leaning forward towards him, her hands tightening at her sides, her teeth flashing in – well, in rather a wolfish way. Rafe's wolf dances from paw to paw, loving it, loving the strength in her, the defiance.
"Maryam, I'm very sorry," Rafe says, taking a step towards her with a hand out, sending his little brother a hearty glare from the corner of his eye. "This is not the way I wanted you to find out -"
-
"Find out!" She spits back, laughing a little at the ridiculousness of it all. "Find out what that you - that you~~ just...fucking claim me!? That I'm yours att of a sudden, your fucking mate that you own me!? And what
-I have no choice in this or
whatever!?" 
She spins to stare at everyone else in the room, appalled and shocked.
"And all of you are just – just going to stand there!? And let him make this ridiculous claim!?"
"Maryam," Hank says, his voice quite gentle as he begins to cross the room to his daughter, his eyes full of worry and sympathy for his daughter. "It's not...like that
"Even you won't stand by me on this!?" Maryam gasps, stumbling back a step away from her father. But she quickly turns again, realizing that the step takes her closer to Rafe and moving hastily away pressing her hands out to the side like she wants to keep everyone away - wants to stand completely apart. 
ver
"Maryam," Hank snaps, drawing her eyes back to him. "Of course I'm on your side," he says, arriving next to her and holding out his hand, begging her to take it. "But, please, love you...you are vastly misunderstanding if you think that any wolf - and especially any Sinclair - would make this kind of statement as a joke." 
Maryam begins to pant in her panic, staring at her father in disbelief. Then she snarls again, her eyes moving around the room, hate in the set of her jaw, in her eyes.
"No," she snarls, roughly shaking her head, standing up tall and proud. “No. I am - I am not going to be claimed - claimed just because you," she spins to Rafe here, "you like me or something. Absolutely not! I fucking refuse!"
Rafe's wolf howls in regret and his face falls in sorrow and horror to see her so upset, to see her panic like this. God, he couldn't imagine this going any worse -
"Maryam, please," Rafe begs, taking another step towards her. “Please just talk to me - it's not like that, not at all -"
"You stay the fuck away from me," she snarls, taking a vicious step towards him, stopping him in his tracks. She holds out a hand towards him, palm out. "I - I refuse this. Or what - whatever fucking thing it is that you say. What is it?"
###Chapter 0903
She pants a little in her panic, looking around the room again for some help. But everyone's face - everyone's, her father's included - is rich with a great depth of sadness and pity. Maryam, finding no recourse there, turns her vicious gaze back to Rafe.
It cuts him in his soul, the hatred in her gaze. Deep, like a knife.
"I reject you, Rafe Sinclair - or whatever the fuck it is they say to make this end. Categorically, unequivocally - no. I - I will not have this - I will not have you. You have absolutely no claim on me, ever!"
She stands to her full height then, rage pulsing through her, and then turns striding for the door. She shoves past Jesse and Ariel who stumble out of her way, yanking the door open and striding out into the hall.
The sound of the door slamming behind her echoes through the silent room. Rafe...doesn't breathe.
He just...stares. Stares after her. Wondering what the fuck he's supposed to do
now.
The party breaks up awkwardly, with Cora and Roger quietly gathering their kids together and ushering them out the door. I watch them go without protest for once, their eyes wide as they realize the gravity of the moment, even if they don't realize what happened.
I stand between Jesse and Jackson as the people not staying in the palace tonight pack up their things and say their quiet goodnights. Mom is at Rafe's side, of course - she was the first to move after poor Maryam left. Hank quickly gave his apologies and followed after his daughter, eager to comfort her in whatever way he could.
And even though I know in my heart that he doesn't deserve it, pity swells in me for Mark, who is getting the scolding of a lifetime from our dad in the corner of the room.
My mouth turns down in a deep frown as I look over at the pair of them - dad laying into Mark about responsibility and needing to realize the gravity of certain issues, of considering the consequences of his actions before he makes any moves. But my poor baby Mark - he's all pale, and his head is hanging, and he just looks so ashamed.
"Don't you dare, you big softie," Jesse murmurs to me, glancing over at me with a tiny smile. “Mark deserves every bit of that."
"He's just a little guy," I whisper, my hands pressing to my cheeks as I glance at Jesse and then back at Mark. "He didn't know what he was doing."
"You baby him, Ari," Jacks murmurs at my side. I look up at him with a very, very small snarl. But he just shrugs, standing by his words. "He's older than June, and yet you hold him to a much lower standard."
"It's true," Jesse murmurs. "If June did this, you'd be flipping out at her."
I sigh, snapping my hands to my hips, realizing that they're right and totally hating it. "Fine. I will now redirect all pity to Rafe."
"Good choice," Jesse says, smirking at me. "Come on, let's go get our boy. He's going to need some council and cheering up from all of us, who are wise and mated and can give him the guidance he needs."
"Oh, you just want to drink more and make him tell you the whole story," I sigh, following along after Jesse as he starts to move towards mom and Rafe, grabbing Jackson's hand and towing him along with me as we go.
"That too!" Jesse calls over his
shoulder, forcing himself to be more cheerful than I think he feels. "All right, Auntie Ells," he says, interrupting her as we all arrive at Rafe's side. "We're taking over from here." 
QUMS
Mom hesitates for a moment, wrapping her arm around Rafe's and looking around at us for a second. But then she sighs and lets him go Rafe's head hangs and he loses his balance a little, leaning on mom physically and emotionally as he was. "All right, but you be nice to my meatball," she says, narrowing her eyes around at all of us. "He's had a hard night." 
"We promise," Jesse says, slinging an arm around Rafe's shoulders and grinning at him. "Kindness and whiskey. Come on, we'll go up to the yurt, let Midnight feed you cookies."
Rafe sighs and glances at mom for one more moment before nodding and shifting his weight to lean on Jesse. "Cookies sound good. Yurt sounds good. Let's do it."
“Let's go!” Jesse calls out, striding out the door with Rafe pressed close to his side.
I pause only a moment to step close to my mom and press a kiss to her cheek. "Tell dad to go easy on Mark okay?" I whisper. Mom grins at me and nods and then gives me a little swat on my rump as Jackson wraps an arm warm around my waist and the two of us likewise head towards the door. 
###Chapter 0904
Mark walks down the hall with a heavy heart, his hands sunk deep in his pockets, a scowl across his lips. God, he just...can't seem to do anything right, can he?
He regrets it, of course. Immediately he regretted it, treating Rafe's news so lightly, laughing about it, not paying attention enough to realize that the door was open, not realizing truly - the gravity of the situation. He's devastated at the effect on his brother but Maryam - seeing her face.....
Truly, he acted horribly to the girl who should one day be his sister-in-law. Of course the news was hard on her - a human who doesn't even feel bonds, can't possibly understand them. She deserved to have the news broken to her in a much gentler way - or, even better, to have Rafe...fucking befriend her first.
Mark's father and mother had explained all of this to him in both angry and gentle terms, but he'd understood it all from the start.
That he fucked up and it really hurt a lot of people.
God, he's always been...such a fuck up. When will he learn?
Mark sighs as he continues to wander through the hall, wanting to head outside, to run as his wolf in some of the parkland very close to the palace. But his mom told him not too - told him it's too late, and though things are better in the war that it's too dangerous for him to go out all alone. So, Mark wanders the halls of the palace instead, restless, needing the movement to settle his wolf, who likewise paces in his soul.
But even as Mark winds his way endlessly through the halls, his mind turns to his siblings. All of whom just seemed...
...well, to have grown up without him.
"When the fuck did that happen?" Mark murmurs, shaking his head. Less than a year ago they'd all been kids, but now Ariel and Rafe are both mated... Ariel three times, and now she has Jackson's mark, which means he has a new brother?
And Juniper, trial that she is, is off in some Underworld somewhere battling with some kind of God of Death for...the future of all souls?
What - why had he been left behind? Why did everyone else's adult life start, and he's just here...still a kid?
Mark sighs, shaking his head, wondering. Because that's what everyone has been saying to and about him - his dad, and Jesse, and uncle Roger. That he needs to grow up - that it's time to man up and step into his responsibility. And it's not that Mark doesn't want to do that, just...
Well, how does one do that?
"Oh!"
A surprised voice sounds down the hall and Mark stops in his tracks, lifting his head quickly up. Because...who the hell is awake, and in this relatively abandon part of the palace's guest halls?
Mark's eyes widen when he sees a very pregnant young woman at the end of the hall, her hands pressed tight to her stomach, her bare feet stilling in what looks like a repetitive trek back and forth on the hall carpet.
But Mark continues to just stare at her in surprise. Not because of her presence any longer, or the strange fact that she's alone in the hall in the middle of the night
No Mark's shock is because she's...
She's so pretty.
His wolf suddenly goes wild in his soul, breaking into a reckless sprint, a garbled howl breaking from his mouth.
"I'm sorry," the girl says, taking a step back towards her door. "I – I'm very uncomfortable," she says, glancing down towards her
stomach, "and my Alpha is sleeping, and didn't want to wake him and..." 
But suddenly she goes still too, her own beautiful eyes flashing wide as she stares back at Mark.
Mark's wolf, wild and out of control in a way that he so rarely is these days, bites him hard, urging him viciously forward, and Mark takes a few stumbling steps towards the young woman, his eyes flashing hungrily over her, taking in every inch of her very fine robe, her silky hair braided demurely back, the soft curve of her cheek - such a creamy white, just barely flushed with pink - 
—
And then her scent hits him, all pomegranate and ginger and autumn air, and
Mark clenches his jaw against the moan that rises in his throat.
The girl's eyes flash wider if that's possible and she steps back and away, pressing herself against her door, her hand fumbling for the handle. Mark gasps, desperate for her to stay, doing his very best to reign his wolf back in - 
But she gasps, and finds the handle, and quickly turns it and rushes inside,
slamming the door shut behind her.
###Chapter 0905
Mark cries out, just slightly, as his wolf howls and scratches and begs him to go forward, to grab the door, to push it open, to find her, to grab her into his arms -
Mate mate mate mate mate - he snarls again and again, over and over in Mark's mind.
And Mark groans, because he knows - he knows his wolf does this, that he lets his impulses take control, and that he - Mark - knows better. Knows that this poor girl she's just afraid. But -
God, who is she?
Who whose baby is she carrying!?
Should be our baby, his wolf snarls, angry now. Go kill him, whoever took her, whoever took our Luna, it will be our baby - we will kill him, and then she will be
ours -
Mark groans, putting his head in his hands, digging his fingers into his hair.
And then he does the only thing that he can think of the only thing that works when his wolf takes over like this, and he shifts.
Shifts into his wolf and then runs, runs as far and as fast as he can, letting the exercise wear his wolf down.
Mark runs through the mostly silent halls of the palace, mentally begging his mother's forgiveness as he disobeys her and dashes through the doors, past the guards who shout after him, out into the parkland beyond.
And the entire time - with every footfall - his mind turns over the same word.
Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit.
Because there's only so far and so fast that Mark can run before his life catches up to him. And right now, he has no idea how the hell he's going to face it.
"All right, big boy," Jesse says, laughing and giving Rafe a shove into his room. "You go sleep this off. We'll figure it out tomorrow."
Jackson and Ariel call their little goodnights as they continue down the hall, Jackson carrying the exhausted Ariel in his arms, her head on his shoulder. Jesse gives them a passive wave, his eyes still on the probably-too-drunk crown prince.
"Whattam I gonna do, Jess," Rafe murmurs, turning and slumping in the door frame, not yet ready to turn towards his bed.
"We spent all night talking about that, cuz," Jesse says, grinning at Rafe and giving him a friendly pat on the cheek. Indeed, the five of them had spent hours going over possibilities, coming up with a plan for how Rafe can talk Maryam down and get to know her more. "You'll remember tomorrow. Just...go lay down. You need to rest.” 
"Can't rest," Rafe sighs, petulant, his head dropping dramatically to the side. "She's upset. I can't rest when she's upset. I should go...find her."
"You are...not precisely the most eligible suitor right now," Jesse laughs. "Trust me, you don't want her to see you like this."
Rafe snarls, lifting his head up to glare. "Ima prince," he mutters. "And I'm...cute. I'm eligab...eligible. Plenty eligible."
Jesse bursts out laughing and gives Rafe a shove. "You're a mess, not a prince. Go!"
Rafe finally takes the advice and stands, turning towards the bed. "You sleeping over?" he mutters, gesturing towards the other bed in the room, the one Jesse has slept in thousands of nights.
"Nah," Jesse says, slipping his hands into his pockets, glancing at the clock on the wall. Shit, when did it get that late? "Got something to do."
Rafe gives Jesse a look like he's crazy even as he flops into his bed. "You don't have anything to do. Go to bed."
"Oh, don't I wish that were true,"
Jesse sighs. But then he blows his cousin a kiss, making him laugh, and pulls the door shut behind him. Then, heaving another sigh, he turns on his heel and strides out of the family apartments, through the halls, up the stairs, and out onto the roof. 
The pilot standing by the helicopter shakes his head at Jesse, giving him a sour
look. "You're late. Two hours late."
"Sorry," Jesse says, nodding to the pilot, genuinely meaning it. "Things...got complicated downstairs."
The pilot smirks at him, shaking his
head, aware of the Sinclair
want
family's penchant for drama that he's fairly unphased by this. "You still want to go? It will be late in the morning by the time you get back if you still want to do a round trip." 
"Yeah, let's go,” Jesse says with a sigh, his wolf singing in his soul in desperation
to get going.
The pilot nods and starts to climb into the tiny two-man helicopter, gesturing with this thumb for Jesse to take the co-pilot seat.
"All right," the pilot says, putting on his headphones and pressing the buttons that start the chopper's blades spinning. "One round-trip ticket to Alpha Academy, coming right up."
###Chapter 0906
A grumbling, groaning little half-sigh breaks from Daphne's lips as she stirs from her sleep. Because no, she does...not want to be awake right now.
Please, she begs her wolf, who is shaking out her fur, turning towards the door with interest. You're imagining it - you always are. It's not real - he's not here, he's not ever coming here again. Just...let's go back to sleep. It's better when we're not conscious.
But the little rap comes again and Daphne stills, realizing that...she didn't imagine it. That there is a knock at the door.
It's real, her wolf whispers, awed and a little afraid.
Daphne sniffs the air because...it's her boss, or one of her co-workers. Not... not...
But the scent on the air. She's not imagining that, is she? She can't. The hundred times she's tried to conjure it in her mind recently she's failed.
But there it is now in the air, undeniable.
"Daphne, please."
A squeaky little sob breaks from her as Daphne sits up and wraps her arms around her knees, staring at the door. Her shoulders start to tremble as she wars with herself, her gentle copper wolf whining and urging her forward, wanting desperately for her to open the door, to throw herself into his arms.
But...she knows better than to do that.
It's done. The whole thing is done, it's over.
And her life will be better if she just... lets it go. A clean break.
"Daphne, please!" he says, knocking hard on the door twice with his fist. His voice breaks on her name this time. "...please."
Daphne looks down and to her right, to the little grey shadow cat curled against her pillow, looking up at her with big sad eyes. The kitten who hasn't left her side for a moment, who always sleeps curled beneath her chin.
She sighs, knowing it's no good. That no matter what she knows is most logical, and safe, and healthy...that she hasn't let him go. That she won't. Can't.
"It's open,” she whispers, knowing he'll hear her, as she reaches out to stroke a hand over the cat's silky half-real fur.
Half real, like all his love for her could ever be. At least now, tied up as he is in a mating bond with another woman.
There's silence and then the door's handle clicks and it swings open.
Jesse stands there in the doorway, leaning against the frame, silhouetted in darkness. He sighs. "Why are you sleeping with your door unlocked, Daphne?"
She just shrugs, her eyes on the cat.
It wasn't something she'd planned. It just...doesn't seem to matter anymore keeping everything in order, the way she always liked to. Following the rules, keeping life ship-shape, making sure everything was as it should be... 
Doing that is just...stupid now.
"Daphne," he says again.
She doesn't look up.
Daphne hears it when Jesse slowly crosses the room. She presses her eyes shut at the sound of his boots, his weight, real and substantial, against her floor. Not a dream, not a dream - not like the thousands of dreams she had of him coming back.
This time real. And so...so much worse for it.
"Daph," he whispers, and she hears the soft shush of him kneeling down in front of her, feels the soft press of his palm against her cheek. A barely audible whine breaks from her throat and she leans into that hand, just slightly. "Daph, sweetheart, are you all right?" 
She opens her eyes at that, staring into his pretty brown ones, just inches from her face. And her heart breaks again, and her face crumples, and she starts to
cry.
"Oh, heavens, Daphne," Jesse murmurs, immediately climbing onto the bed with her and wrapping his arms around her, pulling her in tight to his chest, tucking her head in beneath his chin. "I'm so sorry. I'm so, so fucking sorry."
She continues to cry big heaving sobs, her wolf howling with joy at the sudden surprise closeness of him again - when she never expected it, never hoped for it. But then – the agony of knowing that this is a goodbye - that she can't keep him - God, but it just makes her cry harder. And she hates herself for it.
Jesse holds Daphne for a long time, letting her cry herself out, stroking his hand long and slow up and down her back. He shushes her, and hums to her, and only once fails to resist the temptation to duck his head close and take a long, slow sniff of her scent. Because... he knows it's not fair. That his wolf is thrilled, and joy pulses through him to have her close again, and that it's... it's just not even. It's not fair. 
###Chapter 0907
But eventually her tears subside, just a little. And she quiets and stills. And raises her head to look into his face.
His heart breaks to see the very real sadness there, and he lifts a hand, brushing at the tears on her cheek with his thumb, his eyes taking in the rough redness around her eyes, and the sweet, adorable freckles that dust her nose, and the lush, raw shape of her lips.
Jesse clenches his jaw as his wolf snarls, wanting her. Wanting her with a desperation that...
That is completely unfair. Inwardly Jesse snarls at his wolf, smacking him on his nose, forcing him to back down. His wolf grumbles but humbly obeys, working hard to deny his instinct to give Daphne the space she needs.
"Don't look at me," Daphne murmurs, embarrassed, raising an arm to wipe her nose and her cheeks on her sleeve.
"Please, don't ever ask that of me," Jesse whispers, running his hand over the tumbling auburn waves of her hair. "It would be the greatest regret of my life, to never look at you again."
But she flinches away, and he sighs, thinking...well, that it was the truth, but perhaps not the kindest thing he could say.
"I'm glad you're safe," she says softly, sitting straighter, putting some distance between them. "I was...worried about you. We all were."
"I'm fine," Jesse says, quiet. He reaches out, though, and takes her chin in his hand, turning her face to peer at her cheek where Midnight's claws cut her. "Ella patched you up?"
"Yes," Daphne says, straightening her shoulders and gently taking her chin from his hand. "Your whole family was very kind to me."
"Don't do that, Daph," Jesse whispers, shaking his head at her.
Her eyes flash a bit. "Do what?"
"Fall back on...politeness and courtesy," he says, giving a shrug. "We're - we're so much more than that. Please don't block me out."
She sets her jaw, moving back an inch or two, the little cat peeking out at Jesse from behind her. "Are we more than that, Jesse? I don't think we are. Not anymore."
"Of course we are -"
"I'm a seamstress at your school, Jess," Daphne snaps, saying the line she's rehearsed in case this day ever came. The thought she's said over and over to herself, to remind herself of her new place in his life. "You're a mated man. That is...our relationship now."
He huffs almost in disbelief. "Daphne," he says, leaning forward towards her. "That is...that is so not how I understand things."
She glares at him a little, her chin dimpling as her mouth turns down at the corners, and his wolf howls with regret to make her so sad, even for a moment - even though he knows she's endured so much more than moments of this. 
"Stop," she demands, her shoulders set determinedly back. "It - a clean break is better, Jesse. Don't drag this out,t's impossible - however we felt before is impossible. And I don't think I can be your friend. I don't think I can...handle that. So. We can just end it there."
His wolf pants, desperate for that to not be true, and Jesse takes a deep breath, trying his best to stay cool.
"Daphne," he says quietly, anxious for her to hear him. "My situation is not what you think it is."
"Are you not mated?" she asks, tense and prim now, stern.
Jesse's wolf howls at how lovely she is when she's angry like that, but he works very hard and keeps his face completely serious.
"I have a mate," he says slowly. "But I have not accepted the bond."
She goes still, her eyes going wide. "Why not?"
“Because she's...it's very complicated Daphne. She's like a child - she's...a very traumatized person."
Daphne exhales slowly, closing her eyes. "So, does that mean you don't love her?"
He swallows hard, understanding that he's walking a very fine line here. "Midnight is very important to me. I care about her very, very much. But it is...not romantic."
Daphne stays still for a long moment and then nods once. "I think you should go."
Jesse sits up straight, appalled. "What!?" he nearly shouts. "Why!?"
She opens her eyes again, glaring hard, anger now the singular expression on her face. "Because you're about to ask me to be your mistress, Jesse Sinclair. And I might be poor, and unconnected, and uneducated - but I will not be insulted like that. Not ever, but especially not by you." 
Jesse's mouth hangs open as he stares at the love of his life, completely shocked.
###Chapter 0908
"Daphne, I am not asking you to be my mistress!" Jesse bites out, his teeth clenching.
"Did you come here with romantic intent?" she asks, prim and formal. "Desiring to continue, in some way, our relationship?"
"Yes," he says, working hard to reel his temper back in, ashamed at himself for losing it even for a moment. "I came to tell you that I love -"
"And do you still have a mate? With whom you have a relationship?"
He pauses, seeing the trap but knowing that she's got the truth on her side. "Yes," he says, short and cold.
"And you have no intention of rejecting that mate? Or she of you?"
Jesse takes a deep, long breath. "No, I have no intention of rejecting her."
"Then what else am I to conclude, Jesse,” she says, low and angry, leaning forward towards him. "But that you're asking me to be your mistress. So that you keep your mate as the priority in your life, but have me too? A bit on the side?"
He stares at her for a long moment in shock and then groans, trying to lay back on the bed but miscalculating the distance and banging his head against the wall, covering his face with his hands. Because she's right.
She's right.
He hadn't thought of it in those terms - of course he didn't. But she's right. What he came here hoping for - for some way of having Daphne in his life while he maintains his relationship with Midnight...
Essentially, she'd be his mistress, wouldn't she? Even if he loved Daphne dearly, while he still had his mate fully in his life, a part of the family? There's no way in which, to the rest of the world, Daphne wouldn't be his girl on the side.
“So yeah, Jesse,” Daphne says, cold and working hard to keep the tremble out of her voice. "I think you should go. And never speak to me again. I can't...I can't believe you came here tonight, after everything, and...asked me for that."
Jesse sighs but makes no move to get up, slipping his hands down from his face and taking a few long, deep breaths, trying to get his mind in order. When he opens his eyes he looks over and up to see Daphne staring at him, furious.
"Can you...can you please give me like, one inch of space on this?" he asks, shaking his head, feeling utterly pathetic and at the end of a very dark road.
"No," she says, cold, narrowing her eyes.
“Daphne,” he groans, sitting up and turning towards her on the bed, holding his hands out towards her, pleading. I understand. And if were any other jackass Alpha in any other situation, I would let you call me a jackass, and a pig, anda horrible, terrible misogynist. But could you please, please open your heart and remember that I am not a terrible person?" 
He presses a hand to his heart, shaking his head at her, begging.
"I'm still me, and I'm in a really hard, terrible situation — and all I'm trying to do is see the girl I'm in love with after a long time apart, and tell her that I love her, and just...try to find a way through."
Daphne stares at him for a moment, her mouth trembling, her chin held high. But then she breaks, and exhales all her breath at once in a gushing sob, and hangs her head, her shoulders shaking.
"Don't ask too much of me, Jess," she whispers "Because...I'll give it. I just...need to protect myself in all of this, protect my heart, as much as can. And if you have a mate? There is...no room for me in your life. It's not fair to her and it's not fair to me." 
"Okay," Jesse whispers, steeling himself to the promise. "I won't ask too much.
But is it...can I tell you what happened? How I feel?"
Daphne takes a deep breath and raises her head and then nods once.
And Jesse begins.
The story takes a long time to get through, and Jesse is very, very careful with his words - which is difficult, considering that he hasn't slept in nearly a day at this point. But he tells her everything, leaving nothing out. About Midnight and
how strange she is, and how funny
too, and their time in Darkness and the Underworld. Their journey to find Ariel, and then the trip home. 
By the time Jesse is finished he's stretched out over Daphne's bed, his booted
feet hanging over the edge, and she's curled up amongst her pillows with the kitten in her lap. They're not touching, not even a hint of it - but the air in the room is...calmer. Easier.
"So, what do you think?" Jesse asks, sighing and looking over at his girl, letting
his eyes soak in as much of the sight of her as they can.
"I think she sounds really cool," Daphne murmurs, dry and bitter.
Jesse laughs a little. "She is. She...does not think the same of you."
Daphne whips her head up, smirking at Jesse. "What does she think of me?"
"She thinks you're a whore," he answers, equally dry.
###Chapter 0909
And as he knew she would, Daphne tilts her head back and laughs – long and peeling. He smiles a little, watching her, relishing that. Daphne - she's not easily offended, and she has enough self-confidence not to let herself be hurt by such a deeply untrue judgment.
"Oh, god," Daphne says, still laughing and wiping a little beneath her eye. "Maybe...let's not introduce this one to my mother."
"No problem," he sighs.
Daphne smiles over at him, soft. "You've had some serious adventures, your Grace."
"You're avoiding the question, seamstress," he murmurs, his mouth turning up at the corners.
She raises an eyebrow in challenge.
"What do you think?" he asks, wanting to know her true opinion on the whole situation all of it.
"I think," she says with a little sigh, looking down at the kitten, understanding it all. "That...we had a good run, Jess. But I can't keep loving you if you have a mate, bond accepted or no."
"Are you in love with me now?" he asks, quietly.
She raises her eyes to his. "Please don't make me answer that."
He swallows rough around the lump in his throat. "But, given time -"
She shakes her head. "Jesse, given time, your strange traumatized little mate is going to become accustomed to the world. And she's going to want you, and you're going to want her. Even though you're not in love with her now, given time? You will be. And then where will I be?"
“Midnight is...never going to be normal in this world,” Jesse murmurs, covering his eyes with one hand.
"Do you think she's pretty?" Daphne asks, her voice deceptively calm.
He moves his hands from his eyes to look at her. "What?"
"Don't pretend you didn't hear me, Sinclair," she says, narrowing her eyes at him, making him smile.
He laughs a little but then sighs. "Yes, Midnight is pretty, Daphne."
"The Goddess picked her for you, Jess," Daphne whispers, leaning forward towards him with a smile, acting her heart out, pretending to be happy and peaceful and beatific about it all, while inside her wolf howls in agony to be letting him go. "She's your mate. It's going to happen someday - you'll love each other. I don't...want to be drug along for weeks or months or years just to be left at the end. Leave me now, in peace and...we'll have had a good run."
Jesse's heart breaks a thousand times as he stares at her, unable to believe it. Unable to accept it. He sits up, leaning close, looking steadily into her eyes. "You know that there's more to us than that, Daphne – than just a good run. That we have a connection that is deeper and that neither of us fully understand."
"You have a mate, Jesse," Daphne whispers, reaching out and cupping his cheek in her palm. "I can never, ever live up to that."
He closes his eyes and leans into her hand. "But I want you."
She rushes her thumb once over his cheek and slides her hand down and away,
her fingertips brushing the stubble that starts on his jaw. "You won't forever."
He opens his eyes, staring at her, thinking that she's wrong about that.
But also that...that there's no logic in the world that would support his conviction that Daphne is the girl he wants. Mates are it – end game. No other girl should be able to live up to it. 
And Midnight...she deserves more than that. More than this even, him visiting
another girl, telling her that he loves her, that he wants her more.
Guilt sweeps through Jesse on both ends - for how he's treating Daphne and Midnight alike.
God, fuck, did he claim to be a good guy earlier tonight?
What a bald-faced lie. Selfish. He's being selfish, on both accounts.
"You should go," Daphne whispers, her voice trembling. When he lifts his head again he sees her working hard to put on a brave face. "Home to your girl, Jesse."
He clenches his jaw but he stands. His hand moves forward for a moment, wanting to pull her up and into a hug but...he pulls it back, knowing it's asking too much.
"I'll see you soon?" he asks, his heart aching. "Back at school, for the rest of the spring term?"
"Sure," Daphne says, giving him a smile. "Um, tell Ariel I said hi, please. And Rafe and Ben and..." she wrinkles her nose a bit and his wolf howls, falling hard to the ground of his soul. "Luca, I guess, if you see him." 
Jesse smiles at her and nods, slipping his hands into his pockets. And then he turns, without a word, and walks out of the room, closing the door behind him.
In the darkness, Daphne reaches out a hand and strokes it over the little shadow kitten's head again and again. He purrs, pressing his face against her palm.
"I guess this is goodbye, Mittens," she whispers, tears streaking down her face, waiting for him to disappear.
But he doesn't.
And Daphne cries harder, laying herself down on the bed, gathering the precious little shard of Jesse's soul to her chest, stroking her fingers over the kitten's fur until she again falls asleep. 
###Chapter 0910
I wake up to the feeling of Jackson's broad hand stroking over my hair and I squeak, petulant, turning my face so that my other cheek is pressed to his chest. Then I nuzzle close, my eyes pressed determinedly shut, refusing to wake up.
"Ariel, it's nearly noon," Jackson murmurs, laughing a little.
"No, it's not, the clock is a filthy liar," I murmur, shaking my head, laying my hands flat on his lovely warm skin.
"Lazy wolf,” he whispers, far too cheerful and awake for my tastes. "What, you think just because you're all done saving the world that you can sleep all day?"
I just snarl and turn my head a bit to press my teeth to his skin, mock warning. "Shush or I will bite."
He snarls in return, his pleasure at the idea evident in the swell of desire that comes down the bond, and I can't help but laugh as he quickly shifts, snatching me up in his arms and rolling me to the side, pulling me up closer so that we're face-to-face and he can press a warm kiss to my mouth.
"Nooo," I moan, breaking the kiss and pretending to wriggle away. "Take me back - I want my pillow -"
"It's my body, Ariel, not your pillow -"
"Yes it is!" I whine, going limp in his arms like a kid having a temper tantrum. Jackson laughs harder, gathering me close and pressing kiss after kiss to my cheeks and neck and shoulder until I'm laughing too, and kissing him back, my fingers curling in his hair and over his soft beard, which he kept at my request.
"Mean to me," I murmur, opening my eyes a little, peering at his beautiful face as I press my belly to his.
He just snarls, hungry, letting me know that he can be a bit meaner to me if I want him to. I bite my lip, quite liking that idea, but a quiet knock comes at the door.
Jackson gasps, sitting up straight, spinning towards the door like he's getting caught doing something bad.
I laugh, looking up at him. "What?" I ask.
"Ariel, someone is here -"
"Duh," I say, rolling my eyes and sitting up with a sigh, snatching at the discarded pieces of the pajamas I barely wore last night. "I have a gigantic family packed into six tiny rooms in this royal suite. There's always someone here." 
"But I'm " Jackson panics, looking down at his naked body, only covered by the blankets.
"So put something on!" I laugh, pulling my pajama pants up before I grab my top, tugging it on as I head for the door. "You've got like, eight seconds -"
Jackson gasps, grabbing for his pants as I laugh and reach for the door handle. I only open it a little bit, enjoying Jackson's panicked cursing as I peek outside. I grin to see my mom standing there.
"Hi, baby," she says, smiling at me, her eyes flicking towards the room. "Enjoying torturing your mate?"
"Yes, mommy," I say, leaning against the door frame and continuing to block her view as I hear Jackson hastily putting on his clothes. My eyes flash to the tray in her hand and the three wheeled trollies behind her all stacked with covered dishes. "What did you bring us?" 
"Sustenance!" mom says with a happy sigh. "Jackson is too skinny."
I burst out laughing. "He's huge!"
“He lost a great deal of weight being all magical and pining for you,” mom says, laughing even as she narrows her eyes at me. "Come on, let me fatten him up.”
"Be my guest," I say, opening the door wide once I hear Jackson finish finding his clothes. When I turn I see him glaring at me, well aware of my tricks, but when he turns his eyes to my mom he smiles - because she's a great favorite of his, we're all well aware. And even if he's annoyed at me, he can't help but beam at her. 
"Did you bring that for me?" Jackson asks, eager, looking at the tray in her hands.
###Chapter 0911
"Yes!" mom says, happily walking over to him and holding out the tray. Jackson lifts off the lid and groans when he sees the stacks of pancakes and eggs and sausage and bacon.
"You're my favorite, Ella," Jackson murmurs, eagerly taking the tray and sitting down on the bed, settling it onto his lap and digging into the bacon with his hands.
"Jackson, there are utensils!" I call, scolding, as I wheel in the first trolly from the hall. His eyes go wide when he sees it.
"All of that?" he gasps.
"You said you were hungry," Ella says with a happy sigh. I just laugh and shake my head, settling the trolly against the wall and going out for the next one.
"Some of this is for me," I say, eyeing the big pot of coffee with particular interest.
"Fight me for it," Jackson murmurs, a little growl in his voice, making us both laugh.
But Jackson shares much more willingly than he pretends, which is easy considering that my mother has brought a ridiculous amount of food. Jackson does fairly impressive damage to the supply and mom and I mostly just watch in fascination as he eats way more than we thought he could.
"Damn," I murmur, when Jackson goes back for fourths. The three of us sit comfortably on my bed and I sip at my coffee, my own finished plate of waffles set in the blankets before me.
"He's so cute,” mom says on a sigh, sipping at her own coffee, watching him. I laugh at her, because only mom would think a voracious Alpha restoring his magical body weight is adorable. Well, her and me. Jacks ignores us, reloading his plate with another stack of pancakes.
A creaking sound brings my attention to the door and I burst into a smile when I see Rafe shuffling forward, his eyes half closed, his nose lifted in the air sniffing.
"Help," my brother mutters, leaning hard against my doorframe. "I need sustenance."
Jackson snarls from his place at the tolly, possessive, but we just laugh and ignore him.
"Poor baby, did you let your wicked cousin get you all drunk?" mom says, reaching for Rafe, who shuffles into the room and collapses onto the bed, his head landing in her lap. Miraculously, mom and I manage not to spill our coffee everywhere.
"No this is all my fault," Rafe murmurs. "I can't blame Jesse, unfortunately. The only way to get my wolf to shut the hell up last night was to drown him in whiskey."
Mom coos consideringly, softly
stroking Rafe's hair as Jackson comes over with two plates and generously lays one before Rafe's prone body. I send a swell of gratitude down the bond to Jacks, realizing perhaps more than the others that it is a mark of great esteem to share the food he needs to refill his body weight and magical storehouse after basically starving for a week. 
Jackson brushes off my gratitude and comes around the bed to sit next to me, leaning close and offering me a strawberry which I happily take, popping it into my mouth.
"You've certainly got a challenge in front of you, meatball, when it comes to our spicy little Maryam," mom says, her voice sorry but not truly full of pity. "How are you feeling about it?"
"I don't know," Rafe sighs, opening his eyes a little to peer at the food and then seeming to turn slightly green at the sight of it, perhaps changing his mind about what he needs. "I need to talk to her. But I have a feeling she's not going to let me get close." 
“She will, Rafe,” mom says quietly, continuing to stroke her favorite's hair, smiling softly at him. “You just have to be patient with her. Let her get to know you. She'll come around."
"Just let her see you with your shirt off," a voice says from the door, and all of our heads turn to see Jesse standing there, looking utterly exhausted, rubbing his eyes with one hand. "That was your tactic with all of your other conquests, wasn't it? 
###Chapter 0912
Rafe snarls half-heartedly at Jess, not opening his eyes, as I burst out laughing.
"Is that...did that work?" Jackson asks, looking between Jesse and Rafe curiously. "He'd take off his shirt and...what would happen?"
"He'd take off his shirt and the panties would drop," Jesse says, dropping his hand demonstratively. Jackson's mouth falls open as mom and I burst out laughing and Rafe groans, embarrassed. Jesse grins, still tired but I think a little happier here with all of us. He gives Jackson a wink. "You should try it sometime, Jacks. See how many of the nations' citizenry fall for you when they get a sight of you bare- chested."
I snarl at my cousin, even as I continue to laugh a little bit. Then I glare at my mate, daring him to try it. He smirks at me and shrugs and I laugh, bumping my shoulder into him.
"Where did you sleep, Jess?" Rafe asks, sighing as he sits up and moves closer to my mom, making room for Jesse on my tiny little girl bed. I grin as Jesse comes and joins us, very pleased to have everyone close and happy again. My wolf gives one anxious turn, thinking of Juniper, but I run a hand over her fur, reminding myself that there's nothing I can do but trust my little sister to keep herself safe and strong.
"What do you mean, where did he sleep?" mom asks, sitting up a little straighter, her coffee cup pressed between her hands. "He didn't sleep in your room?"
"No, he went on some weird adventure," Rafe murmurs, flicking a hand dismissively at the profligate duke. "I thought maybe it was a dream but he wasn't there when I woke up."
"I stole a helicopter and went to the Academy," Jesse sighs, laying himself out along the edge of the bed and covering his face with his hands. "To see Daphne."
We all go very still and very quiet.
"Please don't tell Midnight," Jesse says, his words slightly muffled against his palms. “It's.....not a secret but...maybe if she didn't know it would be better. She does...not like the idea of me seeing Daphne, especially not alone. But I couldn't not see her, especially after mom told me she was there and I was an idiot and just left the Academy a few days ago without popping downstairs to say hi."
"How'd it...go?" Rafe asks, quiet and awkward.
"Horribly," Jesse sighs, letting his hands slide away, his face turning to the side, his expression miserable. My heart aches for him very suddenly and he shifts his eyes to mine. "She's not doing well, Ari. Could you...would you reach out to her? I'm worried about her but...she kind of asked me to leave her alone."
"Of course," I say, nodding seriously to my cousin, guilt running through me when I realize that I should have done this before.
"What is like...happening there, Jess?" Rafe asks, rubbing his head a little. "Do you still have feelings for her?"
"Of course I do," Jesse says, turning to Rafe with a frown.
A little anxiety stirs in me as I look between my brother and my cousin, remembering that the last time they were together at the Academy they fought Jike dogs on the subject of Daphne. Obviously they're friends again but...has that issue resolved itself? 
"My feelings for Daphne were never shallow, Rafe," Jesse says, sitting up a little
to glare at my brother. "I was in love with her. I'm still in love with her."
"But how is that even possible?" Rafe asks, leaning forward, more curious than anxious.
Mom just sits quietly sipping her coffee, looking between the pair of them, clearly worried but willing to let them sort it out.
"What are you talking about," Jesse replies, snapping a little. "You know how great she is, Rafe, I don't know why you think that I'd -"
"No, you're misunderstanding me, Jess, I'm sorry," Rafe says, holding out a hand to him and closing his eyes, clearly still suffering from his hangover and trying to put his thoughts together.
Jesse slowly closes his mouth, letting Rafe have the time to think.
my
"I mean..." Rafe continues, "that the moment I saw Maryam, all thoughts of any other girl went right out of head. I actually feel really guilty about it I was so mad at you about Daphne and now...I mean, now it
feels like I picked a fight over nothing." 
Jesse snarls at the implication that Daphne might be nothing.
Rafe narrows his eyes. "You know that's not what I mean, Jesse. I'm talking about
me, about my feelings. It's no reflection on Daphne – she's fantastic."
Jesse settles a little, frowning. "Your feelings for other girls...just got wiped away?"
"Yours didn't?" Rafe asks, his face screwing up with confusion. "When you met Mids?"
Jesse turns to the rest of us. "What happened with you all? Did you stop having feelings for other people?"
"I had unique circumstances," I say, raising my hand a little.
“No other girls to speak of," Jackson says with a tiny shrug.
Mom just sighs, sipping at her coffee. "And didn't know I had a wolf and a mate until after your dad ar and I were pregnant and pretty heavily involved. So, I also don't know. You should probably ask dad about it, he'd know. Or Roger." 
###Chapter 0913
"About what?" another voice says at the door, and my face bursts into a grin when I realize that it's my Mark.
"Markie!" I call, thrilled, patting the bed beside me.
Mark starts to smile at me but then looks around the room, guilt washing it away. "Rafe, I'm really sorry -"
"We're good, Mark," Rafe murmurs, nodding to our brother and jerking his chin to the spot on the bed next to me. "Don't kill yourself over it. I know you didn't do anything just to be cruel."
Mark sighs but nods and then comes over to sit with me. "But seriously, what were you talking about when I came in?"
"About whether or not you stop having feelings for previous crushes when you meet your mate," Jesse says as I lean close to Mark when he sits, wrapping him in a one-armed hug.
To my surprise, Mark goes a bit stiff beneath my arm. I frown up at him, wondering what could be off.
“Um,” Mark says, looking awkwardly down at the blanket. "Do they?"
"I'm inclined to think that they do," Mom says quietly. "It makes sense, right? You've met what is supposed to be the one person who checks all of your boxes. How could someone else live up?"
"Well, Daphne lives up," Jesse murmurs, a little angry and defensive, likewise looking down at the bed covers. "I didn't stop having feelings for her. Not at all.”
“And Midnight?” mom asks, gentle, the softness in her voice clearly indicating that he doesn't have to answer if he doesn't want to.
"Mids is amazing too," Jesse sighs, his head hanging. "I...don't know what's going on."
Mom hums consideringly and nods. "Maybe we need Cora to give the Goddess another call. Though she's a bit pissed at us lately - the Goddess. Cora...had some wine and called her up a few times just to give her a damn piece of her mind about allowing so many of her grandkids to be kidnapped by our enemies. They...are not on the very best of mother/daughter terms at the moment."
I laugh at this, thinking that only my auntie Cora would have the balls to argue with a goddess like that. But hey, it's her mother, and now that two of the three kidnapped kids are back perhaps they can reach more even ground.
"Oh, my little chickens," mom sighs, looking around at us with a mix of joy and pity on her faces. Rafe leans against her, closing his eyes. “I'm so glad to have you all back together and here in my little coop, where I can take care of you."
"I'm not sure that a palace fully qualifies as a coop, auntie," Jesse murmurs, laying back down on the bed, giving into his exhaustion.
"And we still need our June back," Mark sighs. "And Maryam, too."
Everyone goes still. Rafe's eyes flash open.
"What?" Rafe snarls, low and threatening.
Mark's eyes flash wide. "Wait, what?"
"Mark, I'm going to murder you," Rafe growls, leaning forward towards our little brother. "Did you just imply, ever so casually, that Maryam is gone?"
"You don't know!?" Mark nearly shouts, likewise leaning forward towards our brother.
"Mark!" Rafe shouts, clenching a fist between them. "Right now! Everything you know, right fucking now!"
"I - I saw her! Mark sputters out, casting a hand towards the
windows. "In the park! I went running last night" he sends a guilty look towards our mom, who scowls at him, and she was out there- 
swnov
"Why the fuck didn't you bring her home!?" Rafe shouts.
"I didn't know I was supposed to!" Mark shouts back, going pale. "I thought I don't know! She had a backpack! I figured she was going somewhere! She was...walking with a purpose!" 
Rafe just roars in frustration at our brother before hurling himself off the bed and
striding out the door. We all watch him go, open-mouthed.
"Oh my god," Mark groans, ducking his face into his hands, his shoulders
twitching with what must be frustration and shame.
"Should we...help him?" Jackson asks, starting to get up.
"No no," mom says quietly, reaching out a hand to place on his arm, stopping him. "This feels...like Rafe's business now. He's perfectly capable of handling this."
"See?" I say, snuggling against Jacks. "You complain about how troublesome I am, but at least I never ran away from you."
“There's still time,” he murmurs, wrapping an arm around me and pulling me close, pressing a kiss to my head.
Mark sighs and lays down, resting his head in my lap. "Pet me," he begs, and I comply. “Am I ever going to do anything right?"
"Of course you are, baby,” I coo, stroking his hair. "You're just...taking your time."
"Is this a bad time to invite everyone
to lunch in the yurt?" Jesse murmurs, pulling my blankets up over him with a yawn. "I want a nap first but...then we should go check on Mids." 
"We'll come," I say casually, easily, even though my heart wonders after Rafe, who is probably dashing all over the city now looking for his mate, worried for her.
"Chaos," mom sighs, resting back against my headboard and taking a peaceful sip of her coffee. "Good ole Sinclair chaos. I missed this."
I grin at her, shaking my head a bit. But she just grins back, wrinkling her nose.
###Chapter 0914
"Still not going to take my magic?" Midnight asks, standing in the door to her yurt with her hands on her hips, dressed in a fairly fantastic collection of clothes that she clearly picked for herself with enthusiasm from the insanely large selection my mom bought for her.
I smile, taking in the three scarves that Midnight has stacked over a sundress, which she wears over a pair of jeans that she's tucked into a pair of yellow rubber boots. A jaunty winter hat is pulled down over her curls, the fuzzy purple pompom on top wobbling back and forth whenever she moves.
"I promise," I say, giving her a little salute, an offering of cake in my hands as I stand before her with Jackson at my side. "Also, I love your outfit. You look great!"
"Thank you! You may enter," she says, quite dramatic and smiling, bowing us into
the yurt.
"Hey Mids," Jacks says, giving her a little hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Good to see you."
"Don't kiss me," she snaps, giving him a little shove away that doesn't budge him an inch. "Jesse is my mate. You can't seduce me away."
Jackson sputters out a protest but I just laugh and take his hand, tugging him along with me to settle on the floor amongst the guests already inside.
"Hi! Hi!" I say, laughing and putting the cake down before giving both Benny and Elias big hugs. Jesse waves from his spot stretched out on the floor. "Where is Pippa?" I ask, looking around for her. "Is she all right?"
"She's fine," Elias says, leaning close to Ben and glancing at him with a little grimace. “She's just...feeling very pregnant. And...not as fond of me as she has been."
"Why?" Jesse asks, curious, frowning between Ben and Elias.
Ben just smirks, shaking his head a little, and I roll my eyes, kind of irritated that Jesse is being this oblivious.
"We'll have to send her down some cake," I say with a sigh, looking around at the wide selection that Midnight has gathered for her little lunch party. Indeed, there seems to be very little lunch to speak of, beyond several varieties of cake. Which is probably precisely as Midnight wants it.
"No, she can get her own," Mids snaps, even as she cuts a thick slice of sponge cake and lifts it onto a plate, handing it to Jackson.
I grin at Midnight and settle in next to Elias, though my heart still worries on Pippa.
I saw her this morning but she was, indeed, oddly distracted and quietly asked me to leave after I'd only been there for about ten minutes, saying she wanted some time alone.
"Have her contractions kept bothering her?"
"She's been having them for days," Elias says with a sigh. "Ella's checked her out and says she's perfectly healthy, and the doctors say that that can happen, but..." he shrugs, looking at Ben, who looks at him sorrowfully. "She's uncomfortable. I wish I could do more."
"Why aren't you with her?" Jackson asks, sounding kind of pissed off, like he wouldn't be anywhere else if his Luna was having contractions no matter how long they went on.
"She kicked me out for a bit," Elias
says, stretching his legs out and looking worriedly around, even as Midnight hands him his own piece of cake. Said she wanted some peace so she could try and nap. This all has... not been easy on her." 
"Well, it's not going to be easier once she has a loud puppy," Midnight says, handing me my own plate before popping down next to Jesse and digging into what's left of the chocolate cake. "I don't know why she decided to do a pregnancy. It seems very terrible." 
Ben and Elias smile at her a bit sadly, apparently deciding not to explain it to her. I don't blame them, thinking that Midnight may never be convinced to see the more appealing aspects of motherhood.
"Um, did Rafe ever come back?" I ask, desperately curious. It's been hours, most of which Jesse spent napping in my bed. I watched for him out the window and asked for updates from the guards, but...nothing.
"Yes, I did," comes the dry answer from the door. My face breaks into a smile as I turn to see my brother standing there, his hands on his hips, looking very drawn and tired.
"Hi!" I call, laughing a bit. "What hap -"
But Midnight gasps in horror the moment Rafe takes a step inside the yurt.
"Buddy, you've got to ask," Jesse says, sitting up and wrapping his hands around his knees, grinning at Rafe. "Midnight takes boundaries very seriously and I support her in that."
"Oh," Rafe says, blinking in surprise as he steps back out of the yurt. “Um, Midnight, may I come inside?"
"Are you going to try to kiss me?" she asks, sending a glare Jackson's way. Jackson sputters in surprise. "Hey, I thought we were friends!?"
“We were,” she says, leaning forward to glare at him. "Until you tried to seduce me."
"Oh my god," Jackson murmurs, covering his face with his wide palm, making me laugh.
“Um, I definitely promise.....not to kiss you,” Rafe says, looking with baffled surprise between Jacks and Mids.
"All right, you may enter. Though it was rude of you to not bring cake." Midnight quite primly begins to eat her cake again, and I don't miss the satisfaction on Jesse's face as he watches her eat her fill.
"I apologize," Rafe says, a bit dry, sitting down on the ground to Jackson's right. "I've had...rather a rough start to the day." He nods his greetings to everyone around the yurt, his eyes lingering on Ben and Elias for a moment as he frowns, clearly still not getting it. 
###Chapter 0915
I bite my lip, fighting a smile, and Jackson sends me a nudge down the bond. When I look up at him and he frowns at me, clearly wanting to know what's going on, I break into a laugh.
He just scowls and shakes his head, wanting to know but not pushing it, knowing I'm not giving him any secrets until he tells me what Jesse told him about the Underworld. So, we are, essentially, still at a stalemate.
"Did you ever find Maryam?" Jesse asks, leaning forward towards Rafe even as his hand snatches out, grabbing a piece of Midnight's cake and making her squeak in protest as he quickly pops it in his mouth.
Ben and Elias perk up just as Jacks and I do, all of us turning towards Rafe.
"Yes," Rafe sighs, leaning back against his hands, rolling his eyes up towards the roof of the yurt. "I found her. She's...back."
"How'd you convince her to come back?" I ask, my voice a fascinated whisper. "Um," he says, looking down at his lap, grimacing. "I...kind of didn't."
"Rafe,” Jesse says, laughing and already shaking his head. "What'd you do, carry her?"
I laugh and turn back to Rafe, but when he doesn't answer - his grimace deepening and his cheeks going red - we all burst out into laughter.
I whip a hand across Jackson, smacking my brother hard on the arm. "Rafe!
Seriously!? You carried her back, kicking and screaming!?"
"Well, she didn't kick and scream the whole time," he mutters.
I lose it, falling onto Jackson's side, who likewise laughs and wraps his arms around me, holding me close.
"Oh, come on, what was I supposed to do!" Rafe groans, looking around at all of us for some sign of pity. "She was at the fucking train station with nothing but a backpack and a one-way ticket to the North -"
“You're supposed to let her go, Rafe!" Ben calls out, laughing. “She's a grown ass woman she can decide where she goes! What, is she like your, prisoner now!?"
"No, she's not my prisoner," Rafe growls.
"Is she locked in a room somewhere?" Jesse asks, leaning forward, fascinated.
"The door isn't locked!" Rafe bites out, glaring at him.
"Is it guarded?" I ask, a sneaky smile spreading over my face.
Rafe just scowls and looks away again, making us all crack up.
"It's not safe out there!" Rafe bites out, though he too starts laughing. "She's my fucking mate, I can't just let her go on a train all alone to -"
"Oh no, not on a train!" I say, overly dramatic. "Those death machines, notoriously prowled by gangs of villains eager to maim -"
"That sounds very bad," Midnight says, nodding slowly. "You were right to stop her, Rafe."
“Thank you, Midnight,” Rafe says, sighing and not bothering to engage with my critique, realizing now that...he may have over-reacted. A little bit.
"Rafe, you have to let her go home if she wants to," Ben says, laughing a little. "Her home isn't dangerous - she's lived there for years!"
"It's not her home that's dangerous,
it's..." Rafe matters. But then he
groans and lays back on the floor of
the yurt, shaking his head. "Look,,
guys, don't rub it in - I realize
being a complete idiot and a jackass. I just...can't let her go until she...doesn't hate me anymore..." 
"I'm not sure kidnapping her and dragging her back to your houes is going to do
you any favors there," Jackson mutters.
"Worked wonders for us," Midnight says, grinning over at Jesse.
Jesse laughs and winks at her. "Yes, but we're a very unique pair, Midnight. Rafe and Maryam, they don't have nearly as much of our verve and flavor."
Midnight nods deeply, conceding this point making me smile between them. God, as much as I love Jesse and Daphne together...this Midnight match, it does make sense on some level, doesn't it? 
“Oh, god, she's going to hate me forever," Rafe sighs, staring up at the roof of the yurt, resting his hands on his stomach.
"She'll come around," Ben murmurs, taking another bite of his cake. "Who can resist you?"
Elias snarls a little, giving Ben a subtle nudge with his elbow. I smile but Jesse snaps his head to them, his mouth falling open a little, clearly wondering what the hell that was about.
"What am I gonna do," Rafe sighs, all the words slurring together in his agony.
I pout, reaching over to pat a warm hand on his shoulder. "At least you only have one to deal with."
He snaps his head back to me. "All of yours liked you, Ari."
"Yes, but I am very beautiful," I say, grinning at him. "Even dressed as a boy."
Jacks hums his support, pulling me back to his side.
"Hey," Jesse says, leaning forward and grinning a bit deviously at Rafe. "Want to blow of the rest of the day getting completely shitfaced at all of our favorite bars and completely avoiding all of our responsibilities and the big life questions that are haunting us?" 
Rafe gasps, sitting up and looking directly at Jesse. "Yes," he breathes, nodding
eagerly. "Yes, that's exactly what I want to do."
Jesse whoops, clapping his hands together, making me laugh.
###Chapter 0916
"All right, who's in!?" Jesse asks, beaming around at our little circle with a laugh.
"Absolutely not," Midnight says, slowly shaking her head and looking around at all her collected cake like she has no reason at all to leave. "Abandon this to go drink demon juice? With the ruffians and the whores? No thank you."
Jesse laughs and narrows his eyes at her. "You don't have ID anyway. And no one will believe you're older than twelve."
She nods sharply like it's decided, quite pleased.
"Well, if Midnight isn't coming then I'm calling it a boy's night," Rafe says, quite grave.
I gasp and turn to him, appalled.
"You'll be the only girl, Ari," Jesse says, screwing his face to the side. "It's very clearly becoming a boys' support club – a healing evening of debauchery with the ruffians and the whores. You'd hate it anyway - all whiskey, no wine. That's a rule."
“This is sexist and horrible,” I snarl, crossing my arms over my chest even as I realize that honestly, I'm not sure I want to go anyway. My wolf nudges me, urging me to get in touch with Daphne and to spend a little more time with Pippa if I can - my friends who I really shouldn't abandon for a day of drinking. Even Maryam, if she'll see me, could probably use someone to talk to.
Besides, I don't need a day of debauchery to run away from my problems. My life is...kind of coming together right now.
"I'm out too," Elias says on a sigh, screwing his mouth to the side. "I've got a baby on the way, no leaving the palace for me."
Jesse and Rafe nod to him, understanding and supportive, and then turn their eyes to Ben. Ben looks at Elias with a grimace.
"Oh, go!” Elias says, giving him a little shove on the shoulder. "You deserve it. Besides I think..." he glances around the tent and laughs a little. "I think you have kind of some news to break, don't you?"
"What?" Rafe asks, looking around at all of us, trying to figure out what the news could be.
Ben laughs and shrugs. "All right, I'm in. Jacks?"
"What?" Jackson says, sitting up straight.
"Jacks is coming," Jesse says, grinning and pointing at him.
"I am staying with Ariel," Jackson says, pulling me first against and then slightly in front of him, almost like a shield.
"Jackson!" I say, laughing and turning a bit to look up at him, "you should go!"
"What?" he asks, going tense. He glances around, bringing his mouth close to my ear. "Ariel, I want to stay with you -"
“Booo,” Rafe calls out, cupping his hands unnecessarily to his mouth. "Happy relationships are lame! Come out Jacks!"
"Jackson, I am your best friend -" Jesse says, looking at him with wide, sincere eyes.
"You use that line too much,"
Jackson says, narrowing his eyes at my cousin, making me laugh. "I'm starting to think you get more out of being my best friend than I do." 
BUMS
"Then let me buy you twelve glasses of whiskey, my guy," Jesse says, grinning at
Jacks, a wicked flash in his smile. "Besides, you're family now."
"It is true, Jacks," I say, pointing over at Rafe. "Your brother is sad."
"He's my brother?" Jacks asks, screwing up his face a little and turning to look at Rafe, who nods seriously.
"Yes, and I'm sad. I need you."
"Oh my god," Jackson groans, letting his head fall. "Fine, I'll go."
A shout goes out through the tent and I laugh turning and wrapping my arms around Jackson's neck, pulling myself close and giving him a few kisses on the cheek. "It'll be good!" I whisper to him. "You need time with the boys." 
"I need time with you," he grumbles.
Beaming, I lean back to look in his face, absolutely loving how much he genuinely
likes my company and wants to hang out.
"Let's go!" Jesse says, laughing and getting fast to his feet. "Boy's night out!"
"Have fun!" Midnight calls, smiling around at her assorted cakes like a dragon in a very specific kind of treasure trove.
Laughing, excited, our little group calls our thanks to her and spills out of the yurt, heading down the stairs.
"Are you going to see Pippa?" I ask Elias, moving to his side, Jackson coming with me. "Would you mind if I came?"
"Sure," Elias says, giving me a happy grin. "I think it will do her some good."
I nod eagerly to him and we set off down the stairs, Jackson staying close to me until the last second before Jesse hauls him away to go find Mark.
The boys' night out is...fine.
Jackson sighs, sipping at his beer, and turns to look around the bar. He frowns a little when at least a dozen eyes most of them women's dart immediately away from him, blushes coloring cheeks. What...what was that about? 
ΛΟ
SWAC
###Chapter 0917
His frown deepens as he puts the thought out of his mind, knowing that he's never going to get it right if he tries to venture a guess, so he turns his eyes back to his companions. Jesse and Mark stand close to each other, laughing about something, and Ben and Rafe sit quite close, whispering – probably about the great secret that Ben revealed at the beginning of the night, about liking men romantically, and being mated to Elias.
The others had been shocked by this but Jackson had been largely unphased. Honestly, when Ben had told them Jackson had kept waiting for the real secret to be revealed. It was only a few minutes in that he figured out that that's all it was. Ariel - she thought she had some great secret about Ben up her sleeve, but he'd kind of already known.
Ariel has known about Ben liking guys for a long time, after all, which means that on some level Jacks knew too - her thoughts and considerations of Ben trickling down the bond in little pieces. Plus, growing up in a barrack with a couple of dozen young men who were forbidden to talk to, touch, or even really think about girls...
Well, he'd never dabbled in the sexual assignations that some of the other boys had tried to be so discreet about. But it certainly wasn't uncommon. So Ben telling everyone that he likes men - it hadn't been nearly the shock to him as it had been to others.
But tonight, he's relieved to find that nobody is getting as drunk as Rafe and Jesse first implied back in the yurt. That it's not really a night of debauchery and instead a few good drinks to loosen everyone up. They seem to have done their job - Rafe and Jesse certainly do look more cheerful after their fairly dramatic experiences with their mates and girlfriends over the past twenty-four hours. And Jackson is happy about that - it's good to see them, his family, calmer, happier.
But...he has to admit it. He just wants to go home.
Jackson sighs, taking a long sip of his drink, wondering what Ariel is getting up to back at the palace. Whether or not she's alone in the room. If she's maybe wearing that slippy little night shirt he saw in her closet, and if the lace is sliding up her thigh. God damn it, her legs -
"Hey big boy," a light voice says next to him. Jackson blinks and looks down at the pretty, dark-haired girl giving him a sultry smile. "Can I buy you a drink?"
"You want to buy me a drink?" Jackson says, smirking a bit, looking down at the girl, a little confused. "Why? I already have one."
"In the hopes that I can get you a couple more," the girl says, stepping closer - close enough to wrap her hands around his forearm. “And in the time it takes you to drink them, convince you to take me to bed."
Jackson blinks in surprise, staring at the girl. Because...damn. Well, at least she's not playing coy - he hates that. It takes him so long to figure out if they're just being nice or trying to date him.
Even if...well. Apparently, they're usually trying to date him.
"Sorry," Jackson says, smiling a little and shaking his head at the girl. "I'm mated."
He lifts a hand and presses it over his chest where Ariel's mark is.
"Happily so?" she asks, raising an eyebrow.
Jackson laughs and nods, low and deep.
"To whom?" she says on a sigh, her apparent disappointment giving her the opportunity to lean closer. "I see the company you're with," she says, flicking her eyes over to the pair of princes and the duke. "Those royal girls are always so stuck up and uptight. Not like me," she wrinkles her nose at him. "I'll do whatever you want." 
Panicking a little, Jacks looks over at his friends and is relieved to find Rafe coming over to his rescue.
"He's mated to my sister," Rafe says, smirking at the woman and then flicking his eyes pointedly down to where her arms are still wrapped around his forearm. "And trust me, no one describes her as uptight." 
"Juniper?" the woman asks, standing up a bit in surprise. "Damn, she's young.
You royals get started early."
"No, my other sister." Rafe says, leaning on the bar next to Jackson. "Ariel."
The woman goes still and then rolls
her eyes, dropping her hands. Jackson exhales a small, relieved breath. "Look," she says, crossing
ет
her arms over her chest, offended. "You don't have to lie to get me to go away." 
"I'm not lying," Rafe says, his face breaking out into his million-dollar smile.
The girl rolls her eyes. “Everyone knows Ariel Sinclair is mated to Luca Grant."
Rafe and Jackson both smirk, turning their eyes to each other, thinking that this girl...has no idea what she's talking about.
###Chapter 0918
The girl rolls her eyes again, waving a dismissive hand at the Prince and the super hot Alpha. "Whatever, lie all you want, I get the picture." She turns and begins to walk away, giving them both a wink over her shoulder as she goes. "Come find me if you ever change your mind!"
"Damn, you really pull them in," Rafe says, standing straight and grinning at Jackson. "You'd have made a good wingman in high school."
"Trust me," Jackson says, dry. "I wouldn't have."
"Hey, so, are we done here?" Mark asks, looking anxiously towards the door. Jackson frowns at him because...what does Mark have to be worried about?
"Yeah," Jesse says, coming over with Ben, slipping his hands guiltily in his pockets. "I thought I'd be more fun tonight but...I can't stop thinking about Mids all alone in that yurt. You guys want to head back? We could continue drinking there if -"
"Nah, I gotta go...find Maryam," Rafe says on a sigh. "Try to apologize even if... god, even if she's probably going to make me flip out again. Let's go!"
Rafe slaps some cash on the bar for the drinks, including a generous tip, and then the group heads out. The car ride home is nice, cheerful and chatty, full of jokes. But Jackson mostly sits quietly, his mind on the girl who he hopes is waiting for him in their room. He can't decide, honestly, if he wants to hear all about her day first or...
Just tear all her clothes off.
When they disembark at the palace steps a little later, Jackson has to admit that he's leaning towards the latter.
The group starts up the steps together, laughing at one of Jesse's jokes.
But Jackson turns suddenly, towards where his name is shouted behind him. His wolf immediately leaps to his feet because -
Jackson knows that voice. Would know it anywhere - heard it every day for the first twenty-three years of his life -
Jackson's eyes immediately fasten on the figure standing next to a beat-up junker of a car parked right out front of the palace, his shoulders tense, his face panicked.
"Cr-Cristof?" Jackson gasps, stunned still in his awe.
"Do you know this guy?" Ben asks, stepping close to Jacks and staring at the fairly ragged young man standing at the base of the palace steps, an expression on his face that can only be described as...well, devastated.
Jackson doesn't answer and instead moves, bounding down the palace steps, taking them three at a time. "Cris!" he shouts. "Cris, what the fuck!?" Jackson laughs with joy as he races for his true best friend.
Jesse and Rafe glance at each other, not knowing how to feel. They recognize the name, of course, as one of Jackson's best friends from the Community.
But what the hell is the Community showing up at the palace for?
"Cris, I can't believe it's you!" Jackson roars, grabbing his smaller friend into a
huge hug, lifting him off the ground.
A smile comes to the young man's
—

face - he can't help it. "All right, all right, put me down!" Cristof says, laughing, even as he wraps his friend in a hug of his own, pressing his face tight to Jackson's shoulder. "God, I missed you." 
I
"How did you find me!?"
?
"I saw you – on a god damn magazine -" Cristof says, laughing a little. "We all did, you fancy fuck."
Jackson laughs a little but shakes his head, awed. "What are you doing here!?"
"Are you okay?" Cristof asks, avoiding the question. Jackson puts him back on his feet but doesn't let him go, keeping his hands on his shoulders as he steps back, looking Cristof up and down.
"Are you?" Jackson asks, his face falling a bit. “God, Cris, you're so thin -"
"Look who's talking, you asshole," Cristof growls, even as he smiles. "But I'm serious, man," he glances up towards the palace, at the set of Alphas still standing on the steps; carefully watching and ready to intercede if Jackson needs it. "Are you like - good here? Are you safe and stuff?" 
-
“Yeah,” Jackson says, nodding, his own face falling as he realizes that...Cristof isn't here just to visit. That there's an anxiety in the set of his shoulders, the way he keeps looking around. "I'm fine, Cris I'm..I'm great. I found my mate." 
Cristof whips his face back to his friend. "No shit," he whispers. "True not kid?"
"True not kid," Jackson says, nodding seriously, using their old Community shorthand. "She's amazing - come in side, she'll love to meet you -"
###Chapter 0919
"I can't, man," Cristof says, shaking his head, his face breaking a bit to show the true sorrow that's running through him. "I have to get back."
"Back?" Jackson asks, going still. His hands tighten on Cristof's shoulders. "Cris, don't go back – it's fucking awful there, it's so much better here - there's so much you don't know -"
"There's so much you don't know," Cristof snarls, stepping towards Jackson and baring his teeth. His eyes flick to the Alphas standing on the steps, all who move forward towards them. But Jackson flashes up a hand towards Jesse and Rafe and the others. They pause, tense.
"What's going on?" Jackson asks, his voice low and serious, finally realizing that...that something really is wrong. "Why can't you stay? We - we'll build a life for you, Cris. We can do that, we really can -"
But Cristof just shakes his head, his throat working. "I have to get back. Zachary -" his voice breaks on the name and he hangs his head.
Jackson's hands tighten. "What's wrong with Zachary?" he growls.
“He's.....in fucking deep, Jackson. They..." Cristof taps his temple with a finger. "They got into his head, or whatever. He's - it's fucking awful, okay? And the command is getting really cruel, way worse than it was when you left - they're... hurting people..." Cristof's words come out thin and choked towards the end and he looks away, working very hard to avoid crying.
"Come inside," Jackson says, his hands tightening on Cristof's shoulders. "We'll tell the King - there are people who want to help –“
"I'm not talking to that jackass King," Cristof snarls, stepping away from Jackson and jerking himself out of Jackson's grasp.
"He's not like that - everything they told us in the Community were fucking lies Cristof -"
"Did they get into your head, Jackson?" Cristof asks, again looking up at the palace, worried. "You're all fucking...fancy now? And turned your back on your people? Just...left us?"
"Cristof," Jackson says, holding a hand out towards his friend, guilt running through him because...well, because the accusation hits hard. And it's not completely untrue. "I'm...trying. I'm working with a doctor to get aid - to get people in -"
"Well, it's not working, Jackson!" Cristof bites out, tears starting from his eyes now. He snarls, wiping hard at his face with his sleeve, desperately unhappy that his emotions have worked their way to the surface. "They're fucking hurting us, Jacks! And the ones who run away, they get fucking killed if they don't starve to death - they're —"
"Who gets killed?" Jackson whispers, grabbing Cristof's arm again.
"Jacks, do you need help?" Rafe asks, and Jackson whips his head to the side to see his friends all standing close. But Jackson snarls, telling them wordlessly to stay back, and Rafe holds up his hands, letting Jacks know that he'll obey.
“Who. Gets. Killed,” Jackson snarls, turning back to Cristof, his hand tightening on his arm.
"Your fucking Tasha girl, for one," Cristof growls back, anger and jealousy and rage and terror all plain on his face.
All the blood drains from Jackson's face and he just stares at his friend, who glances over at the Princes and the duke and the ambassador and wipes again at his face, at the tears streaking down his cheeks. 
Jackson just stares at Cristof, hardly breathing. "How do you know about Tasha?"
—
Because never - not once - did he
tell anyone about her. Ariel - and
—
Hank and Ella they're the only
ones on earth who have heard her
name from his lips. 
-
"Because she found me, Jackson," Cristof says, freely crying now even despite his efforts to stop. “She ran when she got big-bellied - and she was starving - her and the pup both - and she needed help, and she begged me for anything - helped them, I did everything I could in secret, but it wasn't enough -" 
Jackson's heart pounds in his chest. The pup.
A pup.
Tasha - and...
Tasha and a pup.
"They died?" he whispers, shaking Cristof hard, needing an answer now.
Cristof just stares at him for a too-long moment. Jackson's entire life, his reality, hangs in the balance and he waits, desperate, not breathing.
"Tasha died," Cristof whispers.
Then he turns, his arm slipping out of Jackson's hand, and reaches for the handle
to the door on the back seat of the car.
Jackson's heart seizes in his chest.
###Chapter 0920
Cristof seems to move in slow motion, grasping the handle to the car door, pulling
it open. Jackson's body moves without him, stumbling after Cristof, bending low to see inside as the door swings wide.
Jackson blinks into the darkness, his eyes adjusting.
And then he sees her, the little girl.
Asleep, curled up in some ragged towels and blankets, her dark hair spread all around her in a wild tangle.
Jackson's wolf howls as soon as he sees her.
Ours, Jackson's wolf snarls. Grab her, take her - she is ours -
But Jackson can't move, not...not believing it.
A child.
Hank said - Hank said that there were no children born that autumn in the Community -
She - she would have been on the record -
But, if Tasha had run away...
Jackson groans, stepping towards the open door, and he trips over his own feet, falling hard against the side of the car as soon as her tiny little girl scent hits him. Because even if his wolf knew it upon sight, her scent -
Pine and winter, and flowers and sun - half him - his.
His child. His...daughter.
Jackson just stares into the car, his entire world unraveling around him, with this new tiny creature at the center of it all.
"How..." he whispers, unable to take his eyes away.
"Her name is Marigold," Cristof whispers, his voice thick with tears.
"What the fuck..."
Jackson half hears Rafe's awed whisper, but he can't take his eyes away from the little girl in the back seat of the car. His little girl in the back seat of the car. Marigold.
"She's a good kid," Cristof says, starting forward suddenly, his brisk movement surprising Jackson into sucking in a deep breath. "You'll like her - and she's easy - she won't give you any trouble -"
“Wait, what?” Jackson whispers, his
entire body starting to shake as Cristof bends into the car, gathering the tiny little girl into his arms. Her face scrunches and Jackson watches in awe as she moves her eyes open, bleary and looking around. 
as
He stills again, his heart stopping when he realizes that her eyes are...blue.
A dark, pretty blue.
God, they're just like his.
"She doesn't talk much," Cristof says, straightening with the girl in his arms, frowning at her a bit and pushing her hair back. "But I haven't been able to figure out if that's because she's...stupid. Or if just doesn't like to."
"She's not stupid," Jackson growls.
Cristof looks Qver at him with a shrug, talking fast. "I didn't think she was, honestly. She watches everything, all quiet, and she listens a lot - she understands everything I say. It could just be that she was alone with her dead mother for like, days, Jacks that probably does
—
weird shit to a kid -"
Jackson groans, his arms reaching for the girl without him realizing what he's doing.
"But I think if you feed her up, she'll be fine," Cristof says, passing the child over into her father's arms.
Jackson stares down at the girl, shocked by the sudden weight and reality of her in her arms. He stops breathing again as the little girl looks up into his face and just...stares back at him.
The pair look at each other in complete silence for a long, long moment before the little girl's face crumples, and she tilts her head back, and bursts into screaming tears.
"Oh, yeah. And she does...that." Cristof says, putting his hands on his hips and grimacing a little. "More regularly than I'd like."
The little girl shouts wordlessly, her voice somehow at once tiny and light and maddeningly loud as she turns in Jackson's arms and reaches for the man she knows. Jackson gasps, nearly dropping her, snapping his gaze to his friend.
"It's all right, Marigold!" Cristof says, stepping forward and smiling at the girl, stroking a hand over her hair. "You're with your father now! This is where you should be! He's – he's going to be nice to you!"
She screams louder, reaching for Cristof, wriggling harder in Jackson's arms. He curses lightly, working hard to keep hold of her.
"You're going to be nice to her, right?" Cristof asks, snapping his eyes up to Jackson's with a frown.
"Of course I'm going to be fucking nice to her, Cristof,” Jackson growls, his eyes darting between the wriggling child and his friend. He hoists the little girl up, pressing her to his chest, one hand flat on her back while the other supports her little rump. She continues to wail, panicked, her head tilting back so that the sound rings out to the sky. 
Jackson stares at her for a moment, shocked that such a little person can make that much noise.
Then his eyes flash to Cristof as he moves for the front of the car.
"Where the fuck do you think you're going," Jackson snarls, closing the distance between them as Cristof slams the back door and reaches for the driver's handle, yanking it open.
###Chapter 0921
"I'm going back -" Cristof shouts, throwing a hand out towards the North. "I can't just leave them, Jackson -"
"You can't - you can't -" Jackson looks frantically down at his sobbing daughter and then back at his friend. "You're just leaving me like this!?"
"It's what you did," Cristof says, bitter, his lips turning down in a horrible frown.
Jackson's face falls, devastated, and he just stares at his friend, knowing that he's right.
"I'm sorry," Cristof says, dropping his gaze to the ground. "I - I love you, Jackson, and I missed you, and I wanted you to be there. We're all alone, and it's so crazy, and I – I think I hated you? For getting a better life and not even thinking of us?”
"I thought about you every day," Jackson whispers, shaking his head.
"I know," Cristof says, nodding, still looking down. "I just...I was jealous, all right? But - she's going to have a better life here." He points to the little girl, his head flashing up. "You'd better give her a good life, Jackson! She's...she's a good kid! She's really cute, and she tries, and she's good. And... Tasha tried really hard to get her out! So you get her out, all right? For Tasha and for Marigold! And for me!"
"Stay," Jackson begs, stepping closer to Cristof, his voice breaking alongside his heart. "Just stay, Cristof - we can help you, you can have a good life too -"
"I gotta go back for Zachary," Cristof murmurs, looking again to the north. "I can't...leave him there."
"We'll send for him -"
"I gotta go," Cristof says, sitting down hard in the driver's seat. Marigold wails anew, seeing her friend leaving, realizing that she's being abandoned here with strangers.
"Cristof!" Jackson barks out, grabbing the door, trying to hold it open, desperate for his friend to stay.
"God damn it, Jackson," Cristof says, starting the car and glaring hard at the bigger Alpha. "You let me go now, or I'll run you the fuck over. I have to go - if they find out I'm here, if there are - are pictures of me in one of your magazines - they watch the media, man! If they know what I did they'll - they'll kill Zachary - they'll -"
"Cristof!" Jackson barks out, seeing that it's happening – that his friend really is going
-
But Cristof just snarls and grabs the door, yanking it, trying hard to pull it shut. Jackson gasps, pulled off balance by his grip on the door, and he only flashes his hand out of the way at the last moment before his fingers get slammed between the metal.
"I love you," Cristof says, between his teeth, glaring at Jackson from inside the car, his hands gripping the wheel. "You give that girl a good fife. And fucking don't come back, Jacks - they'll suck you back in. Just...live a good life." 
He turns then, slamming his foot on the gas pedal and peeling away.
Jackson stares after his friend as guards rush down the palace steps, sensing the disturbance.
"Highness!" one of the guards calls out. "What's happening!? Do you want that car pursued?"
Rafe holds up a hand, stopping the guards in their tracks, and Jackson slowly turns his head to face the Prince. He shakes it, ever so subtly, as the little girl continues to scream in his arms.
“No,” Rafe says, turning to the guard, Alpha authority in his voice. "Let him go. It's...just let him go, okay? Don't tell anyone about this. No report. This is an internal matter that we have to address as a family."
"As you wish, sir," the guard says, bowing slightly and looking anxiously at
Jackson and the little girl before moving back up the steps.
Everyone - except Marigold - is incredibly quiet for a long few moments, just... staring at each other.
Rafe and Jesse watch Jackson
—
closely watch the shock pass
again and again over his face, watch his eyes glaze over as he panics, trying to come up with a plan. Watch as he blinks back to the moment, and raises his eyes to his friends. 
Watch as he swallows hard, moving his eyes again to the little girl wailing in his
arms.
“Um," Jackson says, quiet, still looking at the girl – at his daughter. “I think...I think we need... Ella."
"Yeah," Rafe says on a whisper. And then he shakes himself, moving close to Jackson's side. "Yeah, let's...let's go get mom. She'll know what to do."
The other boys move as Rafe slips an arm around Jackson's shoulders and turns him towards the palace entrance Jesse moves to Jackson's other side while Ben moves ahead towards the door. Mark falls behind, looking around for any surprises, his wolf instincts on high alert. 
As a group, the five Alphas escort the sobbing little girl into the place, held high on
her father's arm.
###Chapter 0922
Ella's ears perk and her head snaps up, her eyes immediately moving towards the door of her cozy little office because...
That's a child crying somewhere down the hall.
She tilts her head to the side, assessing, realizing that...
That she doesn't know this one. She knows the sounds of all her nieces and nephews crying. This one young older than an infant but not yet a proper kid - and the only child she knows of that age is Seraphina. But Sera - that's not her...
Ella stands quickly, heading for her door, her ears collecting more information as she goes. That the child isn't in pain, but is instead scared - freaked out, really. And that with every moment, the child is coming closer. Ella whips open the door, her eyes already wide and going wider when she sees the group of boys standing just outside.
Her boys - Rafe and Jesse, and Jackson at their center, and Mark and Ben flanking on either side -
And held in Jackson's arms, a tiny little girl, her head tilted back as she screams to the ceiling.
"Help," Jackson says, looking between the girl and Ella in panic. "Please - please I need your help -"
Ella gasps and waves all of the boys into her office, glancing down the hall with a snarled warning at anyone who might be coming close. But there's no one there, so she slams the door shut and spins back towards the room, her eyes moving immediately for the crying child.
"What..." Ella whispers, taking a few steps closer before pausing in her shock in her confusion. "What - who..."
But then she stills as she looks between Jackson and the little girl, the connection between them immediately obvious. Because even if the little girl's face is red with emotion and covered in tears...
That dark hair, and her coloring, and that strong turn to her jaw? And her scent, piney and crisp?
God, but it's obvious. Immediately it's obvious who her father is - unquestionable.
"Well,” Ella breathes, putting her hands on her hips, unable to help the little smile that comes to her mouth. "This is...this is a surprise, isn't it?"
All of the young men just stare at her, completely freaked out.
"Oh, come on," Ella says, flashing a hand out at Rafe and Jesse. "You're both big brothers who a whole hoard of children, and you're going to let that little girl cry like that?"
Both Jesse and Rafe spin their heads to stare at Marigold, shame taking its rightful place on their features.
"All right, let's get this sorted," Ella says, joy flashing through her alongside her worry and her surprise and quite a bit of panic.
But Ella tucks all of that panic away, her motherly instincts kicking in as she moves quickly towards Jackson, reaching for the little girl. Because even if his life just got complicated as hell, a child is always a isn't it? 
snessing,
"Oh, my goodness, young lady," Ella says, laughing a bit and smiling at the girl.
"You are making a racket!"
Marigold pauses for a second,
surprised, turning towards Ella's
calm and sweet voice. But when she sees Ella's hands reaching for her she shrieks, scrabbling, her hands grabbing at Jackson's shirt as she tucks her face close against him. Ella's heart absolutely swells as she moves her eyes to Jackson's face, sees his heart break in a moment to see the little girl scared and clinging to him - either because her instincts are telling her to trust him because of their genetic connection, or because he's just been the only one carrying her and she doesn't want or trust anyone new. 
“All right,” Ella says, gesturing towards the floor. "Down, please. Everyone sit down. We're all far too tense."
Jackson hesitates for a second but when the rest of the boys obey and sit on the floor in a semicircle around him and Ella, he bends too, taking Marigold along with him.
"Ella, she won't stop crying," Jackson says, his voice shaking.
"Well, I don't blame her, it seems like she's had a tough night," Ella says, moving close to Jacks to stroke a warm and loving hand over the girl's head and then her back. "What's her name?"
"Marigold," Jackson whispers, sounding like his heart breaks as he says it.
"Marigold," Ella repeats, beaming at Jackson, doing her very best to keep all sadness out of her face. Because she intuits it all – remembers his stories of his time in the
Community. Remembers Hank net
theories about how very much that horrible place would have valued Jackson's physical prowess and his magic, would have wanted to see them passed on to more children. 
Jackson just looks back at Ella, his face grim, a little terrified.
###Chapter 0923
Ella shifts her hand, stroking her palm down Jackson's cheek, loving him a great deal. "It's all going to be okay, Jackson," she whispers.
Jackson's face crumples at these words, his eyes pressing shut, his mouth trembling like he can't believe that that's true – like it's not possible that anything will be all right again.
"One step at a time," Ella says, calm and patient, taking control of the situation and looking around at all of the boys, who are all so clearly freaked out. "First of which is... Marigold?" she pitches her voice higher here, authority coming into it.
Marigold, surprised to hear her name on this strange woman's lips, quiets slightly and turns towards her, her eyes wide.
"You're very scared, Marigold," Ella murmurs, shifting her hand again to stroke over the little girl's hair. "And probably tired and confused. I understand. But you're hurting my ears. Do you think you could be a little quieter?"
To Jackson's surprise the little girl calms, still crying, hiccupping softly in his arms as she leans her head against his chest and just stares at the queen.
"See, that's already better," Ella coos, continuing to stroke the little girl's hair. "I bet you were getting tired of shouting, too."
Marigold just continues to stare, quieting further, still frightened but not screaming her head off anymore in shock and terror.
Jackson looks with surprise between the little girl and the queen like he can't believe how easily she accomplished that - like it may very well have been magic.
"I know you like your daddy, Marigold," Ella says quietly, smiling at the little girl and leaning close like it's a secret. "But his arms are getting tired. Do you think you'd like to come to me?" she opens her arms up for a hug and gives the girl the most beautiful, friendly smile.
Marigold hesitates for a second, looking up into Jackson's face, and then returns her gaze to Ella. After a moment, quite subtly she nods.
"Oh, what a nice little girl," Ella says with a little laugh, reaching for her. "I think we're going to be really good friends."
To Jackson's shock, Marigold loosens her grip on him and goes right into Ella's arms, curling up in her lap and resting her head on Ella's breast as the queen gives her a big hug and a squeeze.
"We're going to take such good care of you, Marigold," Ella says, beaming down at the little girl like she already loves her a great deal. "You don't have to worry about a thing. We're going to keep you warm and cozy, all right?"
Marigold nods once, hesitant, and then starts to look around the room, starting with all the big Alphas surrounding her like she's memorizing their faces.
"Mom, are you like...a kid wizard, or something...?" Rafe murmurs, looking between Ella and Marigold, baffled at the incredible change she made in the little girl's in less than a minute.
"No, I just like babies a lot," Ella says,
sighing with happiness and
continuing to rock the little girl. She
beams at her son. "You were a
crybaby too, where do you think I learned all these methods?" 
Ella grins at Rafe, who rolls his eyes.
"Now," Ella says, looking around the room, "we have a great deal to do, and I
need you all to help me. You'll all help me, right?"
She smirks a little, realizing that she's speaking to all of these big men like they're toddlers, but considering the shock and fear on their faces....well, it feels apt, doesn't it? Eagerly, all of the young men nod, except for Jackson, who just stares at his little girl. 
"All right," Ella says on a happy sigh. "Jesse, I need you to go to your house and get a couple of bags of Seraphina's things. Clothes,
pajamas, toys, blankets - anythinet
that seems nice. And don't forget underwear, okay? Socks and shoes too soft, comfortable things. Maybe Ben can go with you to help?" 
Ben and Jesse nod eagerly, getting to their feet and heading for the door.
Jackson watches them go, his body and his mind emptying of emotion, completely baffled about what is happening and what is going to happen next.
All he knows now is that Ella is in charge.
And that he trusts her, completely, to help him sort this out.
This...this new life that fate has thrust into his hands.
He turns his head to stare at Marigold in Ella's lap, trying to force himself to adjust
to the sight of her, the reality of this little girl.
His daughter.
Which means that he's...a father.
And that nothing is ever, ever going to be the same ever again.
###Chapter 0924
"Markie, I need you to go downstairs," Ella says, speaking swiftly and softly, her voice calm and cheerful. "Make all of the chefs leave the kitchen, no questions. And then start to pull out everything that's good."
Mark nods and jumps up, disappearing out the door on his task.
"What are...we going to do?" Rafe asks, gesturing between the three adults left.
"That depends," Ella says, shifting her gaze to Jackson now. "On whether or not Jackson wants you to go get Ariel? Or if he would like to take...a little bit of time to adjust to this so that he can get his mind in order before telling his mate about this incredible new development in his life."
Jackson raises his eyes to Ellas for a moment and then nods, clearing his throat. "Maybe...maybe some time? To get my mind in order?"
Ella nods seriously back to him, giving him a little smile.
"Is that...horrible?" Jackson whispers, looking back down at Marigold. "She - Ariel deserves to know...maybe we should go get her..."
"You can take an hour, Jacks," Ella says, reaching out to pat him on the knee. "You've had a shock. You can take some time. She will understand."
"She will," Rafe says, nodding and putting a supportive hand on Jackson's shoulder.
"So, are we just going to...sit here?" Jackson whispers, still staring at Marigold, who stares back at him from her spot curled up in Ella's lap. "And let me process this?"
"Oh no," Ella says, beaming down at the little girl. "We've got a hungry child on our hands! That's my catnip."
"How do you know she's hungry?" Jackson asks, leaning closer, studying the girl like there will be some physical sign.
"Because she's a skinny little muffin, and it's nighttime, and kids always want to eat. What do you say, little Goldie Girl? Want to get some supper?"
Marigold's head snaps up at the word and her eyes flash.
Ella laughs. "Does that sound good? Do you want a taco?"
Marigold's face scrunches in confusion.
"She...won't know what a taco is," Jackson murmurs. "Maybe...some apple?" he tries. The little girl's head spins eagerly to him. "And some cheese?"
Her eyes go wide and she nods, just barely, just once.
"Cheese!" Ella says, laughing and getting to her feet and hoisting the little girl with her, settling her on her hip. "I knew she was a girl with good taste. I love cheese too. Come on, everyone. Let's go down to the kitchen and get some cheese."
Heaving a little happy sigh, Ella heads for the door with the little girl bundled in her arms. Baffled but pleased to have someone to lead the way, Rafe and Jackson follow in silence.
Outside the office, Rafe remembers himself and strides down the hall ahead of Jackson and Ella, ensuring that the way is clear, that there are no prying eyes to spread the news throughout the halls. Ella talks quietly to Marigold, explaining all the different parts of the palace they walk through and where they're going, but Jackson just stares at the little girl, who stares right back at him. 
Because he can feel it now that his panic has subsided slightly - the bond between them. He doesn't
remember it making its presence et
known, or snapping into place, or accepting it. It's just there - vivid
and real, between him and
this little
gil. God has it....has it always been
there? 
Was it there the moment she was born, or earlier? And he just never noticed?
Or...
He shakes his head, not understanding, as the little girl peers at him.
Jackson forgets to breathe and blink, his feet carrying him alongside Ella without him truly intending them to. Instead, his entire concentration is fixed on this little girl, on Marigold, his little daughter.
Because god - she's so...she's so cute -
With that little tiny adorable face, and those big blue eyes -
—
But she's also so thin - skinny in the way that Midnight is, in a way that speaks of years of deprivation. And her little torn dress, which he now realizes is just a man's shirt with the sleeves torn off, a scrap of fabric sinching it together at her waist. Jackson's eyes dart down and he clenches his teeth at the sight of her shoes, which are covered in holes.
The sole of one shoe flaps open at the front, and he can actually see her little toes hanging out.
Jackson inhales sharply, pressing his eyes shut against the guilt and the sadness
that runs through him because...
He should have been there. He should have known about her - he should have been there to help her, to take care of her -
###Chapter 0925
Jackson nearly trips over his own feet when he feels it.
"Are you all right?" Ella asks, pausing in her steps to turn and look up at Jackson, frowning slightly.
He just goes still, ignoring Ella, staring at the little girl because...
Was that...a question? He felt? Down...down the bond?
The little girl shrinks away from him, her mouth pulling into a thin line, and he groans a little - realizing that he's frightening her, just staring at her with the ferocity and intensity of a lion. Jackson immediately turns to the bond, very carefully passing assurance and calm down it, hoping that it's...right. That it's okay. That she can feel it and it's... normal to do that.
The little girl goes still for a second and then perks up, smiling at her father.
Smiling.
Jackson groans aloud, his heart breaking at the sight of his little girl smiling at him for the first time. He reaches out a hand and strokes it over her dark hair,
marveling at the silky softness of it.
His little girl. His. Absolutely his.
And she smiles.
Jackson reaches for Marigold as she reaches for him, and suddenly she's up in his arms, clasped tight against his chest, and he closes his eyes, tucking his head down next to hers.
"There," Ella says with a happy sigh. "That's better. That's nice, isn't it?"
Jackson opens his eyes a little to peek at Ella, a tiny smile on his lips.
Ella beams at him, her hands clasped beneath her chin. "Daughters are amazing," she whispers.
Jackson nods once and then starts forward again, eager to keep going, to get Marigold something to eat. Because he can feel it now, down the bond, the gnawing hunger that is perhaps so ever-constant that she doesn't know any different.
Jackson sends a mental image of cheese down the bond and feels her respond with eager happiness. His face bursts into a smile.
Ella laughs and hurries to keep up. When they reach the kitchen Rafe smiles at the three of them and pushes open the door. "Supper awaits!"
They step inside and Rafe laughs a bit to see that Mark did his job - that the big industrial kitchen is empty of people, and that the simple wood table in the corner is absolutely covered in food.
"Um, I got everything I thought was good," Mark says, gesturing towards it and anxiously running a hand through his hair as he stands at the stove with an apron tied around his waist. "And I'm making macaroni and cheese. Do you think it will be enough?" 
Ella laughs as she looks over at Marigold, who stares wide-eyed at the incredible amount of food on the table.
"Oh, I think it will be enough, Markie," Ella says, laughing and going to a closet, pulling out a booster seat for Marigold. "You did good!"
Things come together almost simply then, the entire group falling into the familiar routines of mealtime. Jackson settles Marigold onto the chair and ensures that she's comfortable as Mark and Rafe begin sorting through all the food,
wondering quietly about onel
what
Marigold might like. Ella finds some cheese and begins to slice it along with an apple, murmuring to Mark that he might want to check on his steaming pot of pasta. Mark gasps and rushes over to it.
Jackson watches, fascinated, as Ella slides the plate of apple and cheese before Marigold, who looks at it in shock like she's never been offered so much food in her life. She stares at it, and then looks around in wonder.
"Go ahead, Goldie," Ella says, smiling at her and cutting herself a piece of cheese. “That's all for you. And you can have more if you want it, or something else. Whatever you'd like, baby."
Marigold's face bursts into a smile as she grabs at the food with both hands, starting eagerly to eat.
Jackson's heart breaks again, for about the thousandth time in the past hour as he realizes that she...probably never has had a plate like this, all to herself. He sits back hard in his chair, just...watching his daughter eat. Fascinated and devastated all at once. 
"So, what are you going to do now, Jackie?" Ella asks quietly, nibbling on a piece
of cheese.
Rafe opens a pack of crackers and sets a stack on Marigold's plate, quietly
pretending that he's not paying rapt attention.
"What do you mean?" Jackson asks, turning to Ella in surprise.
"Well, are you keeping her?"
Jackson stiffens at the question. "What?"
###Chapter 0926
"Adoption is always an option, Jackson," Ella says, a bit too casual, quietly cutting another piece of cheese from the block. "If you don't think you're up for being a father. We could have her placed with a very nice family -"
A rough snarl breaks from Jackson's throat and Marigold goes still, turning towards her father in surprise. He works hard to reign himself in, passing the little girl a bit of comfort down their bond, letting her know that the snarl was not for her - never for her.
Marigold hesitates for a second but then turns back to the apples, continuing to eat.
"Good answer," Ella says, flicking her eyes up to Jackson and smirking at him.
"Was that a joke?" he growls.
"No," Ella says with a happy sigh, putting the knife down and taking a sharp little bite of her cheese. "But it was a way to get you to realize that even if this is a surprise, and you may not have thought you wanted it before, that you want it now."
Ella nods towards Marigold, who Jackson can tell is listening, even if she keeps her eyes on her food.
"That's your daughter, yes?" Ella asks, pride already ringing in her voice.
"Yes, she's mine," Jackson says, his voice deep and serious.
"And...no one else's?" Ella's eyes flick up to Jackson's and he knows immediately what she means. He shakes his head, because Tasha...she's gone. He presses away, for a moment, the mental image of Marigold alone in the house with her mother's body...
Because it's just too horrible to imagine.
"Marigold is mine," Jackson murmurs, running a hand over the little girl's hair, cupping the sweet curve of the back of her head.
"Wonderful," Ella says, giving him a sweet, loving smile so deep that her eyes crinkle up at the corners. "Then you're going to have to learn how to become a dad."
Jackson sighs, long and slow, as he realizes that she's right.
But he nods once, accepting the challenge.
Then he sighs, dropping his head a little and closing his eyes. "Is this going to kill Ariel?"
"Oh, don't you worry about Ariel," Ella says, waving a hand to casually dismiss the point. "Ariel loves kids!"
"Mom," Rafe murmurs, laughing a bit
.n
as Mark comes over with a big pot of macaroni and cheese, setting it on the table before going to get some bowls and forks. "I mean think this is a bigger deal than Ariel just liking kids -" en FindNovel
"Oh, our Ari is a very flexible person, Rafe. Honestly, I don't think that's a major concern."
Rafe and Jackson glance at each other, dubious, as Marigold gasps and drops her apple from her hand, her nose lifting as her eyes move right for the pot, an eager little whine sounding in her throat. 
"Do you want to try this, Goldie!?” Ella asks, laughing and reaching for the wooden spoon as Mark comes back with the bowls and grins, sitting down with them.
Marigold's eyes dart away from the pot for a moment and land on Ella. A little frown takes her mouth as she points to her chest with her thumb. "Marigold." Jackson's teeth clench and his eyes slam shut as he hears, for the first time, the sound of his daughter's tiny, adorable, perfect little voice.
Well, first time if you don't count all the wailing at the start. Which he supposes he doesn't.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Ella says, laughing. Jackson opens his eyes to see her beaming at his little girl, leaning close. "Would you like to try this, Marigold?"
Marigold nods once, solid, and Ella spoons out a small portion in a little white bowl, blowing on it before placing it in front of the little girl.
Marigold reaches for it with her fingers but Jackson's hand flashes out, covering hers. "It's very hot, é Marigold," he murmurs, reaching for a smatt spoon with a little cartoon duckdrawn on the handle. "Use this." 
He hands it to her and Marigold takes the spoon, looking at it dubiously. But then she sighs, and clumsily begins to scoop up the noodles, blowing on them before bringing them to her mouth.
"Holy crap, Jacks," Rafe says. Jackson turns to see Rafe grinning at him. "That was...already very dad-like."
"She was going to burn her hand," Jacks murmurs, frowning and gesturing towards it.
###Chapter 0927
"Dad instincts, kicking in on day one," Mark says, laughing a little, leaning back in his chair and popping a mint cookie in his mouth.
Jackson sighs, thinking he's getting a bit too much credit for that. He turns his eyes back to Ella. "How do I do this?"
"Oh, it's not so bad when they're little like this," Ella says with a sigh, leaning forward to study Marigold. "She's what...four?"
Marigold's eyes flick up and she gives Ella a single steady nod before returning her gaze to her noodles, eating with gusto.
As one, all of the adults at the table break into a smile at that.
"God, she's like...a teeny tiny Jacks," Mark murmurs, leaning closer. Marigold ignores him but Rafe nods in agreement.
"So serious," Rafe says, laughing a little. "And intent on her food."
Jacks smirks, studying the girl, realizing that that's at least a little true, and thinking again that...well, that she looks like him. Sweeter, and softer, and - obviously tiny. But the stern set of her mouth, and her broad forehead onto which her hair flops, all dark and messy...
God, but she's...his little mini.
And he never, ever knew before how...damned cute that could be.
"Four-year-olds are easy," Ella says quietly, studying Jackson alongside the girl. "They're potty-trained, so you don't have to deal with any of that mess. And they can talk and tell you what they need, beyond using the bond. Is your bond..."
Ella's words fade but Jackson lifts his head and gives her a single nod. She smiles softly, trying very hard to keep the fluttering joy in her heart from showing on her face.
"Well, really, then your job is to just...care for her, Jacks. Keep her clean, feed her, educate her. Talk to her, make sure she's loved and engaged and getting a good start in life. And we'll help you," she says, giving a simple shrug.
Jackson looks up at Ella in surprise at this offer. Mark nods eagerly too, already on board, spooning some more macaroni and cheese into Marigold's bowl.
"Of course we will, Jacks," Rafe says, popping a cracker in his mouth before patting his friend on the back. "You're my brother now, right? Which makes this little one my niece." He grins, leaning over on the table and bending low so that his eyes are even with Marigold's. "I always wondered when I'd get one of those. Never thought this is how it would happen."
Marigold narrows her eyes a bit at Rafe, still unsure about this big man grinning at her like that, even as she continues to eat her supper. Rafe bursts out laughing, sitting up straight, utterly charmed.
"Well," Ella says with a sigh, crossing
her arms over her chest as she studies the little girl. "Regarding the niece question, I think a great deal of that depends on Ariel." 
"What depends on me?" a cheerful voice calls from the door.
Jackson goes still, his eyes opening wide as he panics. Ella, Mark, and Rafe
likewise go rigid, turning towards the door.
"What's going on?" Ariel asks,
smiling around the room as she steps in. "I've been looking for you guys everywhere - Jesse's upstairs with a bunch of bags, he can't find you either, and he won't tell me what's going on." 
Her eyes finally settle on the little girl, who continues to concentrate on her food,
and Ariel laughs a little, moving towards her.
"Who is thi-"
But then the child's scent hits her.
And Ariel stops in her tracks, her mouth falling open as she stares down at the top of the little girl's head.
The little girl whose genetic lineage is...undeniable.
The room goes very silent, Ariel staring at Marigold, everyone else staring at the Princess, at her bloodless face, at the absolute horror in her expression.
Marigold puts her spoon down and turns, frowning up at the beautiful woman whose lovely rose-gold hair spills over her shoulders. Marigold swallows hard, glancing around, not
knowing why everyone is being so quiet. 
Then, not knowing what else to do, she lifts her hand and again points to her
chest, looking up into the Princess's eyes.
"Marigold," the little girl whispers.
Ariel stays perfectly still, just staring at her mate's daughter.
Unable to move or think or feel anything but shock.
###Chapter 0928
For a moment my wolf likewise stands frozen with shock in my soul as we both just stare at the little girl in front of us.
But then my wolf breaks into a terrible howl, starting to dart back and forth in my soul, panicked.
I come back to myself, gasping in a long breath of air before I start to pant, my eyes flicking between the little girl and my mate – immediately seeing the
resemblance there - the fucking uncanny resemblance between this little girl and her dad.
Her dad.
Her fucking dad, who looks just like her, from whom she inherited that steady gaze, those gorgeous blue eyes...
My hands curl in and out of fits as I try, quite desperately, to avoid a meltdown.
Because...what the fuck is happening?
Where...where did this kid come from!? And why is she in my house!?
"You..." I whisper, my eyes moving to Jackson now. "You...you have a...baby..."
"Not baby," Marigold says and I snap my eyes back to her, awed to hear her speak because when she does she's so...she's just so fucking real. "Marigold."
I huff out a little laugh, appalled and shocked and...fascinated.
Because...is that her name?
"You...have a Marigold," I whisper, my eyes slowly moving back to Jackson, who just stares at me, devastated.
"Ariel," he says, his voice croaking out of his throat as he gets to his feet, reaching for me. "Please, this just happened -"
"It so did not!" I say, laughing hysterically, gesturing towards her. "She's like - eight!"
"Four!" Marigold corrects, frowning at me.
I again snap my eyes back to her, shocked.
"Allll right," my mom says, slowly getting up out of her chair and reaching for the little girl. "Rafe, you grab some cookies for dessert, and the three of us," she says, pointing between herself and Rafe and Mark, "are going to take Marigold upstairs to get her ready for bed!"
I squeak with shock because...is she sleeping over!?
What the fuck is happening right now!?
"You two talk," mom says, settling the little girl on her hip and looking sternly between Jackson and me. "And be kind to each other, okay?"
I stare into my mother's eyes for a moment before my gaze drifts down to the little girl. And then I turn, watching as the four of them move out of the kitchen. A soft whine breaks from Jackson's throat and I spin towards him, realizing that -
That he doesn't want the little girl to go.
Because it's his fucking daughter - and he wants to be with her so he can protect her -
My entire body starts to tremble. "Jackson?" I whisper, shaking all over. "What... what's happening?"
He turns his head to me and gasps, reaching for me at once. "Ariel," he says, grabbing me by the arm, pulling me roughly to him and wrapping me up against his chest. "I'm so, so sorry -"
I continue to shake, gasping little huffy breaths, completely shocked at this bizarre turn of my reality. I mean, is this even happening? Is this even real?
"Who is that little girl?" I whisper.
Jackson sighs, and I feel his chin on top of my head as he tucks me in close. "She's my kid, Ariel. I'm sorry - I didn't know - Cristof surprised me, he brought here here like an
—
hour ago I haven't even had time to process it myself -"
My mind turns fast as I begin to put the pieces together. Cristof.
Cristof had the child.
Which means she came from the Community.
Which means...
My mind flashes back to a conversation that feels like forever ago, but that was probably just a few months. Of being curled up with Jackson, and him telling me about his life, and his history -
Telling me about a girl who was kind to him, whose...
Whose favorite color was yellow.
I stare up into my mate's face, still utterly shocked. "Tasha," I whisper.
Jackson swallows and clenches his jaw, looking at me with a great deal of sadness in his eyes, feeling every single one of my complex emotions through the bond as they flit through me. My wolf howls desperately and begins to dash away, running needing something to do with her body so she doesn't go insane. Jackson's wolf takes off after her, desperate to be by her side, but she just keeps running - panicked and terrified. 
"Tasha," I say again, gulping. "That's that's Tasha's child -"
"My child," Jackson says, taking my face in his palms. "Mine and Tasha's, yes."
"Well, where the fuck is she!?" I ask,
stumbling back, looking around the kitchen like I'm going to find her hiding behind the huge industrial fridge or something. Which - honestly-considering I just walked into the kitchen to find my mate's daughter having dinner with my mom and brothers, doesn't sound so incredibly insane right now! 
###Chapter 0929
"Ariel!" Jackson snaps, more panicked than angry, grabbing my arm and holding me tight like he's afraid I'm going to run like my wolf is. "Tasha is - she's dead, all right?"
I whip my head back to him, my eyes wide, a moan climbing up my throat
because -
Oh my god.
Oh my god -
That little girl, all alone in the world - her mother dead -
Tears fill my eyes. "Jackson," I beg, shaking my head at him, stepping closer, reaching up for him. He understands, bending down and picking me up in his arms, holding me close. I wrap my arms around his neck and lean hard against him, wanting as much contact as possible, wanting to feel the steady reality of him. "Please, you have to tell me everything," I beg. "Right now. Very fast. I - I need to know everything you know -"
Jackson murmurs that he will and then sinks back into his chair, taking me with him, and proceeds to tell me everything that happened tonight - everything he knows.
Over the next half hour, Jackson spills everything to me. My wolf stops running and turns to his, and they curl up together, both anxious and worried but... together, united. And I open the bond, and keep it open, wanting to hear and feel everything that he wants to share. The emotions just...spill down it, so much so that I feel like I'm drowning in them at times, like there's no space for my own feelings. But I hold steady for him, knowing that even if this was an insane shock for me...
That my sweetheart mate is taking it so, so much harder.
He tells me of seeing Cristof out by the car, and of everything that passed between them. And then he continues, speculating on what some of the things Cristof said could have meant. That Tasha must have run while pregnant, that she probably tried to raise Marigold alone, but didn't have the resources. He wonders, worried, what it must have been like for Marigold to sit for days alone wherever they lived while her mother...
I take a deep, shuddering breath, tucking my face against his chest, feeling
horrible. Horrible for that little girl, and horribly ashamed of myself.
Because even if this is so much more intense for Jackson I...
I can't help it.
I'm just so fucking jealous.
Jealous that he has a little girl and that she's not mine, that someone else got to carry and raise his pup, that someone else's daughter looks like my Jackson - has his eyes, has his steady gaze.
That that was supposed to be my little girl - the one I didn't even know I fucking wanted until she showed up in my kitchen and I found out that she belongs to someone else!
I tuck all the jealousy away as best I can - but I bite my lip, hating myself a great deal that I can't just...be kind. And be here for Jackson, who just found out that he's a fucking dad -
"Hey," Jackson says, a bit sharp.
I look up into his face in surprise.
"What...what's going on in there?" Jackson asks, his eyes searching my face like he's trying to read my mind. "Why are you...mad at yourself?"
“Because I'm being a jerk," I moan, letting myself slump against him.
He goes still and then laughs, the sound hesitant and a little hysterical, putting his hands on my arms and making me sit up. "What are you talking about? Ariel, you're being so nice to me -"
"No, I'm not! I'm being so selfish!"
"Ariel!" he gives me a little shake. "I don't - I don't get this, tiny. Please, help me understand."
"See, even the fact that you feel like you have to check in on me right now," I say, sighing and looking into his gorgeous eyes. "Like you're. worried about me. You just found out you have a baby! I should be taking care of you!" 
5
"It's a shock for you too," Jackson murmurs, stroking a hand long over my hair. "I mean, you didn't...sign up for this. For being mated to
someone who has a child with I ne
someone else. I would understand
if 
QUMS
He hesitates, his words trailing off, grief overtaking his features as he scrubs a
palm down the length of his face.
I go still. "Are you – do you...Jackson,” I snarl, grabbing his shirt in my fists. "Are
you fucking dumping me because you have a kid!?"
His eyes flash open and he looks a
me, shocked inwardly his wolf snarls, possessive, snatching my? wolf close to his body and pressing his teeth to the mark in her neck. My wolf whines, terrified at the thought that we could lose him. 
Over this - that we could lose him over this!
###Chapter 0930
"Ariel!" Jackson sputters, "fucking - no! I am not breaking up with you - I'm saying that if you don't to be with me I would understand - that it would break my fucking heart but this is not your responsibility -"
I cry out in protest, grabbing him closer to me, whipping an arm around his neck and clinging to him. "No!" I snarl, desperate and afraid at even the thought of this. "You're – you're fucking mine, Jackson! Mine! I'm never letting you go, you idiot, you -"
He clings to me too, holding me so close I can barely breathe, and I realize quite suddenly that we're both just afraid right now. Afraid that this big change - this development – this Marigold – is going to push us away from each other. I take long deep breaths, forcing my mind to slow. My wolf turns over in my soul, baring her belly to Jackson's wolf, submitting to him entirely, letting him know that she's his -
His completely, forever.
Jackson's wolf just flops down next to her on the ground, letting out a long sigh and stretching his nose over her neck, resting his face against her. He lets out a long, wolfish grumble and my wolf whines and turns to him. Both rest then, tension leaving them alongside our fear.
"Hey," I say, a bit shaky, releasing my hold on Jacks a bit, grimacing when I realize that my claws came out a bit and poked holes in his shirt. He takes a deep breath and leans his forehead against mine. "We're - I think we're both just really freaked out, right?"
"Yeah," he says on the exhale. "Fair to say that I am...completely freaked out."
"But we're in this together," I whisper, nodding, believing it utterly. "I don't know... what that looks like, or what shape this takes but, you and me?" I say, nudging my nose with his, making him look at me, making him see the dedication in every inch of me. "Together."
"Are you sure?" Jackson whispers.
"I'm sure," I murmur, pulling back a little so I can study his face, my eyes moving slowly over every single beloved feature. "You're...um. You're keeping her? You're going to raise her?"
Jackson holds my gaze and slowly nods. "She's mine, Ariel."
"Okay,” I say, nodding, my heart beginning to pound a little frantically. "Then... yeah, if that's what you're doing, then that's what I'm doing. I'm on board, Jacks."
"Ariel, I -" he sputters, I think deeply shaken by the steadiness in me, in my offer. "This is a huge ask, Ariel – a child, my child - this is going to change everything in my life -"
"In our lives," I growl, possessive and sure. "What twists life brings to you it brings
to me too, Jackson - that's what I want. I want to do this together. Unless...you don't want...that?"
I mean, is that even a possibility? That Jackson wants his daughter all to himself? That he wouldn't want me involved?
"No, I want you involved,” he
whispers, nodding, holding my gaze,
sensing my thoughts that are so vividly tied to my emotions right now. "But...your life is your own Arief You didn't make any choices that lead to this " 
"Neither did you!"
"I did," Jackson says, a bit of a growl in his voice. "Even if I didn't know...what would happen, when I...with Tasha..."
My wolf growls a little at the mention of their time together and I swat a mental hand at her even as Jackson's wolf snuggles closer in support.
Still, Jackson continues, shaking his head. "I'm not turning away from this. I am shocked - and I don't know what's going to happen – but that's my daughter. And I'm not going to walk away from her. Ever."
"You're a good man, Jacks," I whisper, lifting a hand to stroke over his cheek.
"But this responsibility isn't yours," he whispers, shaking his head. "Unless...you wanted it to be. And really, really wanted it to be."
?.ne
"I want it to be," I whisper, even if inside I have doubts. Doubts about what it's going to be like to raise a child at Jackson's side, how I'm going to deal with the jealousy whether it's best for her, how it's going to change our lives... 
But I mean, are they even doubts? Or do I just not have answers? Because
maybe...maybe there are answers to these questions. And maybe those answers aren't bad ones.
Maybe this is a good thing.
Babies - little girls - little girls who look like Jacks -
They have to be a blessing, right?
"I want it to be my responsibility," I whisper again, surer this time - surer that it's not just wanting to support Jacks. That this, really, is something I can begin to commit to. That I'm strong enough to stand and help my mate as well as this little girl. 
###Chapter 0931
"You're far too kind to me, Ariel," Jackson whispers, his throat tight.
"No, I'm not," I sigh, slumping against him as his wolf curls up around mine, giving her a long lick on her cheek and then resting his nose again over her neck. "I'm sorry I wasn't nice and yelled. I think I freaked her out."
"You were freaked out," Jackson murmurs. "It was a natural response."
I nod, thinking he's the one being too kind, but I look towards the door with a sigh. "Come on," I say, unfolding myself from his lap.
"Where are we going?" he asks, standing up, looking down at me curiously.
"Upstairs,” I say, taking his hand, giving it a squeeze, suddenly a bit terrified. "I want to meet your kid."
He groans, letting his head tilt back on his neck. "I can't believe that's a real sentence," he murmurs. "I can't believe I have a kid."
"Same," I say, giving him a tug towards me. Jackson wraps an arm around my waist and looks quite seriously down at my face. I smile, loving him a great deal, sure in us even if...well, even if the rest of the world just completely fell apart. "Come on," I whisper. "If we don't go now mom will take her shopping. And then we'll lose her in a sea of toys and kid clothes and you may never see her again."
Jackson huffs out a laugh but follows me out of the kitchen, rubbing his hand through his hair as we go, still looking a bit dazed.
Jackson and I are quiet and steady as we walk upstairs towards our family suite, where I somehow just know mom and Rafe and Mark and Marigold went. Jackson holds my hand firm in his own and I squeeze his back, both of us passing devotion down the bond even if its tinged with trepidation and a bit of fear.
Because both of our lives just completely blew up and we have no idea what's going to happen next, even if we know we're going to face it together.
I exhale slowly as we enter the Royal suite, the living room of which is empty, and head down the hall towards where a little light is peeking out of my room, alongside some voices.
Honestly...how did so much of my life change in an hour?
I'm still reeling even as I push open the door and smile to see my mom and Rafe sitting on the floor with Marigold between them, propped up on the little child-sized futon
mattress that Seraphina likes

use
tou
dess
when she sleeps over here. Jesse smiles at me from his place stretched over my bed - doing absolutely nothing to help, I note - while Mark peeks out of my gigantic closet, a little girl's dress half-folded in his hand. 
"Hey," mom says, beaming over at us, closing the half-read picture book that she's got in her hands.
Rafe sits up, setting Marigold's little cup of water aside.
Marigold fastens her eyes on us, brightening when she sees that it's Jackson, mostly ignoring me.
But Jackson squeezes my hand and I feel a great deal of intense emotion move through him at the sight of his little girl. And I can't help the tears that spring to my eyes tears that come from...so many emotions.
Happiness, to see the beautiful
connection already starting to form between them. And jealousy - as much as hate it, I have to admit that it's there. Jealousy that she's not mine, jealousy that...that I'm not his whole world anymore. And confusion at all this sudden change in our lives - 
But mostly, suddenly, overwhelmingly...hope.
Hope that I - that we can do something to help this little girl have a good life. This little girl who is so...so fucking frail. She's not a small creature by any means
- she's Jackson's kid, after all - she has none of the tiny bird-boned loveliness of Rosie or Seraphina.
But god, she's just so thin-
Like Midnight – like she's never had a proper meal in her life –
My heart instantly reaches out to Marigold and I find myself moving, crossing the room, ignoring everyone else and going to sit at the bottom edge of her little makeshift bed, swallowing over the lump in my throat a I glance down at helittle bitty feet – covered in a blanket patterned in flowers and Stars -
I lean forward, pressing a hand to my heart, my chest, and smile at her.
"Hi,” I say, my voice shakier than I'd like it to be. "My name is Ariel. It's so, so nice
to meet you."
###Chapter 0932
Marigold studies me for a long moment and I feel Jackson step close, feel him settle down on the ground behind me. The little girl flicks her eyes to him and then back to me.
"Ariel,” she whispers, and my name said in her tiny voice makes my heart seize. I smile at her – a big, rich smile – even as tears slip out of the corners of my eyes. I wipe them hastily away, not wanting her to think that I'm sad.
"Yup, that's right," I say, laughing a little and shifting my eyes to my mom - who, of course, is also crying.
Marigold shifts her eyes to Jackson, a clear question on her face as she tries to figure out what his name is. She knows the rest of us by name, after all, except him. His name - the name of the most important person in the room to her right now. The person with whom she has a bond, whom she already knows to be attached to her.
"Um," Jackson says, working hard to keep his voice casual and steady. "I guess you can just call me...dad. If that's okay with you."
Marigold stares at him for a long moment and then nods once, turning her eyes back to the book in mom's hands, clearly wanting more of that.
But mom, I laugh to see, is crying too hard now to continue reading. She laughs along with me - we all do - as she sets the book down in Marigold's lap and wipes at her cheeks with her palms.
"They're all messy, Marigold," Rafe says on a sigh, laughing and picking up the book as the little girl turns to him. "Here, let me continue this, though I'm not going to be as good at the voices as she was."
We all curl up then, quite quiet and cozy, and listen as Rafe reads the story. Jesse comes down from the bed to stretch out next to me and Mark comes in too, bringing a bunch of child clothes - where on earth did he get those? - and continuing to fold them as he listens.
I lean back against Jack and keep my eyes fastened on the little girl.
Jackson's little girl.
Who eats cookie after cookie as about half an hour passes, her eyes fastened steadily on the page as my brother reads to her.
And I smile, just slightly, because...
I mean, because I think it's all going to be okay.
With this team at our backs? It's all going to be okay.
Rafe reads until Marigold's eyes start to droop, until she slumps down against the pillows, her breathing slow and deep.
"All right," mom says, making Rafe pause as she pulls the blankets up around Marigold's chin. "Why don't you big boys clear out of here and give Jackson a chance to tuck his little girl in." 
Mark and Jesse grumble - honestly, the story was very good - but get to their
feet. Mark ducks into the closet quickly to put away all of Marigold's freshly folded clothes.
"Hey," Jesse whispers, bending
down to put a hand on my shoulder.
I look up at him in surprise as he tilts
his head towards the door. "Why don't you come out with us for a second. Let me buy you a drink." 
I just stare at him in shock at this request, making him laugh.
"Come on, Princess," Jesse says, straightening and grinning at me. "You look like you could use one."
I laugh a little, glancing at Jackson. "Do you mind?"
Jacks just stares at me for a second. "Should I mind?"
I laugh and shake my head, getting to my feet as my mom smiles softly at me and Rafe gets up too, tucking the little story book beneath Marigold's tiny mattress so she can find it tomorrow.
"You go, Ariel," mom says with a little laugh, looking down at the little girl who works hard to keep her eyes open, wanting to see everything that's going on. "Jackson and I can handle it in here." 
"Can we?" Jackson asks, looking at my mom with a great deal of fear on his face.
I laugh and get to my feet, pressing a kiss to his cheek as I do. "It's just tucking her in, Jacks," I say softly. "No trouble at all."
"What's tucking in?" he whispers, looking at me and then mom, baffled.
I laugh and take Jesse's proffered arm as mom grins at Jackson and begins to explain. Then, Mark and Rafe following behind, the four of us head out the door and into the living room.
Rafe, Jesse and I head for the bar car in the corner, but Mark hesitates, looking towards the door.
"You don't want a drink, Markie?" Jesse asks, looking at him with a raised eyebrow. "And get the full debriefing about Ariel's actual emotions on the subject of Jackson's love child?"
###Chapter 0933
"Um," Mark says, running a hand through his hair, his eyes again straying to the exit. "I think I want a walk."
"You okay, baby?" I ask, turning to him with a frown. Mark - why is he being weird now? Honestly, with all of these developments, I'm not sure I can handle anything new from Mark too.
"I'm fine," Mark says, turning and giving me a big grin. "Don't worry about me, Ari. You have enough on your plate."
"Does she ever," Rafe says with a sigh, turning to me and handing me a fresh glass of white wine that he just poured. Mark waves to us over his shoulder, calling to us that he loves us, even as he heads for the door.
"He's the most mysterious of the Sinclairs," Jesse says, smirking after Mark even as he heads for the couch and waves for Rafe and me to follow. We do, Rafe carrying a glass of wine for him and Jesse too.
"No, he's not," Rafe and I both say at once. We all laugh as my brother and my cousin settle down with me, Jesse with me on the couch and Rafe in the arm chair to my left.
I sigh and slump back against the cushions, lifting my glass to my mouth and gulping down a great deal of wine in one go.
"So," Jesse says on a happy sigh, grinning his wicked smile between the two of us. "You two have had some...developments over the past few days. Haven't you?"
"You're the one whose mate is sleeping on the roof in a tent, Jess,” Rafe replies, dry, making us both laugh, Jesse's head tiling back on his neck as he does. "When it comes to weird developments, you have no room to talk."
"True," Jesse says, lifting his head back up and grinning at both of us, I think genuinely happy to have our little trio back together. "But tonight's really about Ariel anyway. How you doing, kid?" He gives me a prodding little nudge with his foot.
"I don't know," I groan, letting myself slump further against the cushions, tucking my legs up beneath me. "That...I mean that all happened so fast. This morning Jackson and I woke up alone and everything was fine, and then two hours ago I'm just on a video call to Daphne, and then boom! All of a sudden my mate has a daughter and mom is tucking her into bed in my room!?"
I sigh, baffled by it all.
"To constant surprises," Rafe says on a sigh, lifting his glass to both of us. "At least this family never gets dull."
"We could use a little dull," I grumble, staring into my wine.
"Oh, should call Mark back?" Jesse asks, making me laugh even as shoot
nm a little glare. "He cando
on
on about the native breeds of
squirrel -" 
"You leave my Markie alone," I snarl, kicking him this time. Jesse grins at me and
nods. I forgive him immediately, knowing he was kidding.
And also, Mark really can be weird about wildlife. So...I get it.
We're quiet for a few long moments before Rafe sighs, long and deep, drawing our eyes to him.
"You'd better do right by Jackson on this, Ariel," my brother says, holding me with rather a steely gaze.
I sit up straight, gaping at him. "What!?"
"I'm serious," he says, giving me that slow and steady Alpha nod that dad uses when he's laying down the law. "You'd better put Jackson first and support him in everything he needs as he adjusts to -" FindNovel
"To begin!" I interrupt, whipping a finger in the air and whipping my head between my brother and my cousin. "You two are supposed to on my side! Where are the
comforting questions of hot
are
you, dear Ariel?' and 'Ariel, darling, what a shock - how do you face such stress with such equanimity and poise?!?" 
"Would we call this poise?" Jesse murmurs wonderingly, narrowing his eyes and gesturing at me with his drink.
I snarl, glaring at him.
"And continuing on that point!" I say, only baring my teeth at him a little bit. "Why
would you assume that I'm not going to do right by Jacks!?"
"Well, are you?" Rafe asks, leaning towards me, stern and curious.
"Because if you're not," Jesse says, likewise leaning in. "We're not going to forgive you for it, Ari."
I spin my head back and forth between the two of them as I gape at both, shocked
to be at the center of this interrogation that just seems - so ridiculous to me!
###Chapter 0934
"Hey," I growl, pointing my finger between Rafe and Jesse, starting to get pissed. "I am here for Jackson - I have been very kind throughout all of this huge, insane surprise tonight -"
"That boy has been there for you, Ariel," Rafe interrupts, still very, very serious. "And you dragged him through some pretty devastating mud over the past couple of months -"
I squeak in protest, turning to stare at my brother with my mouth open. "I so did not!"
"Two other mates?" Rafe says, arching an eyebrow at me.
"Both of whose marks you got before Jackson's?" Jesse adds, forcing me to spin to glare at him in turn.
"None of which was my fault!?" I counter, glaring hard.
"We're not blaming you," Rafe says, and I turn back to him. "I'm just saying - if you're not completely there for Jackson - without hesitation, without question - I'm going to judge you for it. Hard. That guy has been at your side through a great deal of stress. He deserves the best in turn from his mate."
My mouth suddenly turns down in a worried frown. "Do you...are you saying this because you seriously think I'm not going to do that? That I need to be told how much Jackson loves me and how good he is to me? That I'd just be good to him in turn because of forced reciprocation!?"
"No, Ari," Jesse says, scootching closer and putting a warm hand on my shoulder. I turn to him now, that desperate frown still curving my lips. "We're just saying - if you were considering taking your time to work through your own emotions on this - don't. He's going to need your full and unconditional support right from the start."
"Well, he's got that," I whisper, staring at Jesse.
"Good," he says, nodding deeply to me.
My brother and my cousin both sigh and simultaneously sit back in their chairs.
But I am not yet so relaxed. "Where is this all coming from!?" I whisper.
Rafe shrugs, looking down into his glass. "You have...a bit of a jealous streak, Ari," he says with a shrug. "You're going to have to share him now, a little. And I don't think you're going to like it." 
I scowl a bit, slumping back into the cushions, hating that my brother and my cousin know me so well. "You sensed that already, did you?"
"You'll be fine," Rafe says, smiling at me softly. "Your heart always wins out in the end. For what it's worth, I think you're going to be a great step-mom."
I go a bit still at the words. "Step-mom," I whisper, staring at him. "Is that...is that what I am now?"
Jesse laughs - cackles really - and raises his glass to me. "To Princess Ariel - step-mom galore. It looks good on you, cousin!"
I laugh shakily and raise my glass too, shaking my head and then drinking the rest of the contents down. Rafe gets up to get the fest of the bottle, correctly sensing Dmight want a refill. 
"She's really cute, isn't she?" I whisper, looking over at Jesse and wrinkling my
nose.
"Oh, come on, with those genetics?" Jesse gives a casual shrug and smirks at me, holding my gaze steadily. "How could she not be?"
"It could have gone very bad," Rafe says, coming over and splashing more wine into my glass. "She could be like a big, hulking four-year-old girl, all muscles and pigtails e" 
MS
Jesse and I both burst out laughing and I smack at Rafe as he laughs and goes and sits down, grinning at me.
"You leave my step-kid alone," I growl at my brother, whose smile deepens. "You'd better be nice to her too."
"Oh, no risk there," Jesse says with a happy sigh. "It's much less pressure to be a step-cousin once removed."
I huff a laugh and sip at my wine as I shake my head at my cousin.
###Chapter 0935
"But," Jesse says, raising his glass again to me in toast. "I think that you're going to be great, Ari. I think this is weird, and challenging, but that...I don't know. I think that it could be really good."
"Mom always says babies are a blessing, however they come," I say on a sigh, looking down into my glass, hoping that she's right. Hoping that I can do this- support Jackson, and help to raise Marigold, and play the roles in their lives that they need me to be. Inwardly, even as I quail, I feel myself step up to the challenge.
Because I want to do it. As strange and as fast as it all is - I want it.
"What babies are blessings?"
My dad's voice echoes from the door and I jump a little spinning towards him. My eyes go wide and my face goes a bit pale as twin smiles break out on Rafe and Jesse's faces – both wicked, both desperately interested to see how this goes down.
"Pour yourself a drink, dad," I say on a sigh, gesturing towards the bar cart. "We've got some news for you."
Dad stills at the door, glaring between Jesse and Rafe. "Who got who pregnant?” he growls, suspicious. "God damn it, I told you boys -"
I burst out laughing, luckily blotting the rest of that sentence from my hearing even as Rafe and Jesse nearly burst up from their seats, protestations of innocence already on their lips.
"Fine, fine," dad sighs, waving his hand at them and striding quickly for the bar cart. "God damn it, if this is going to be a long story, at least let me get a drink first."
"Oh, are we having drinks?" Mom's voice rings out as she comes into the living room, her face blissful, her cheeks flushed. "Yay! I'm glad I'm not too late."
Dad narrows his eyes at her as he finishes splashing whiskey in a glass, grabbing next for the bottle of wine she likes next. "Well, you look...suspiciously cheerful, Ella."
"And beautiful," she says on a happy sigh, stepping close to dad and pressing herself to his side as she looks up into his face. "You forgot beautiful.”
"How could I," he murmurs, smiling down at her with a great deal of love on his face, making my stomach flutter at the sight. God, to love someone that intensely for twenty-five years...
Will Jacks and I get to be that happy? Inwardly, I desperately hope so.
"I don't know how you forgot," mom murmurs, grinning at she accepts the glass of wine from his hand. “But you're a terrible brute. You owe me an apology."
Dad hums his agreement, his eyes flashing over mom's face as he
al.ne
takes the first sip of his drink. "Bright eyes, flushed cheeks, utter happiness...this can only mean one thing. Where are you hiding the baby, Ella?" 
"Oh, in Ariel's room," she says, grinning up at him.
Dad goes still in shock when he realizes that she's not kidding and then whips his head over to me.
"I'm gonna let you all handle this," I say on a sigh, standing up and moving quickly to my dad, standing on my toes to press a kiss to his cheek. "After all, I've got to go say goodnight to my step-kid." 
Dad stares at me in shock as mom laughs and kisses me goodnight wave to them all over my shoulder as I head down the hall, my
ve
nearly-full glass of wine still in my hand. 
"She's...she's kidding right?" I hear my dad ask. I laugh a little, shaking my head as I reach for my door.
“Nope!" mom replies, her voice humming with happiness. “Isn't it great? A fresh little baby! Come sit down, Dominic, and I'll tell you all about Marigold." "Who the hell is Marigold!?"
I grin and push open my door, grateful to my mom and ready to face my mate. And, indeed...my step-kid.
###Chapter 0936
The room is dark when I step inside, but my eyes focus immediately on Jackson sitting on the ground at Marigold's side, both of them lit by the light of a tiny nightlight shaped like a unicorn. Jackson looks up at me and smiles when I come in, even as a little request for quiet comes down the bond between us.
Because Marigold - she's asleep, all curled up, her hair spread out all around her.
"Where on earth did you get a nightlight so fast?" I whisper, grinning as I sit next to Jacks, leaning against him. His arm wraps around me, almost instinctually. "Jesse brought it," he replies, giving me a squeeze. "He brought... most of this. I had no idea that they made so many things just for kids." Jacks looks around, a little baffled at the array of child-sized books, blankets, toys.
"Kids have the best stuff - especially girls," I sigh. "I'm always a little jealous of all the purple and the pink and the sparkles..."
"Ariel, you wear black every day," Jackson murmurs, turning his head to frown down at me.
"Only because I'm obliged to pretend I'm a boy," I say, rolling my eyes. "It's the worst part!"
He laughs and shakes his head, turning his gaze back to his little daughter.
"How are you doing?" I ask, putting a hand on Jackson's chest, rubbing it back and forth softly, opening the bond so I can begin to investigate and explore, wondering if there's anything I can do to make it better.
"I'm..." Jackson searches for words and then sighs, dropping his head. "I have no idea, Ariel. I'm still so shocked and confused. And my mind is racing trying to figure out what to do next."
I hum consideringly, understanding, and wordlessly offer him the rest of my glass of wine.
He huffs a little laugh and takes it, taking a long sip. "Any thoughts?" he murmurs, truly seeking my advice.
"I think you should sort of take it...moment by moment, Jacks," I say quietly. "There's no need to have a plan just yet - you don't know what all the options are, you haven't had time to figure them all out. The priority is to keep Marigold fed, and warm, and happy, right? So... let's just do that for a few days until we have a better idea of what's going on."
Jacks goes a bit still and then turns to me. "We?"
"Oh, we,” I say, laughing a bit and grinning up at him. "I mean, you have no idea how to do this, right?" I say, gesturing towards the little girl. "I have a little sister. And six younger cousins. Kids? I know how to do kids."
Jackson scowls a bit. "I mean, I can keep her alive, Ariel."
"Yeah, but when it comes time to convince her to take a bath?" My smile widens when I see his eyes do the same "See? You don't even
w how to use bubble bath.
know
?
Or
what no-tears shampoo is. Or where to find mom's stash of bath toys." 
He narrows his eyes at me. "You're messing with me now," he murmurs. "There's...there can't be any such thing as bath toys."
"Oh, stick with me, kid," I say, laughing and nodding up at him. "I'll show you a whole world of child wonders."
"Shit," Jackson sighs, turning his eyes back to the sleeping girl. "Just when I thought I'd learned all about a new world...here come all of these insane new lessons."
"Life's great mysteries await," I say, pressing a kiss to his shoulder.
He hums doubtfully and I laugh, getting to my feet.
"Where are you going?" Jackson asks, frowning up at me.
"To get blankets," I say, gesturing over my shoulder.
He just continues frowning, confused, and I laugh as I turn, heading for the bed.
"Well, we're sleeping on the floor, right?" I call, gathering the comforter up in my arms alongside some pillows, yanking it off the bed and dragging it back to Jackson with me.
"Why on earth would we do that?" he asks, staring up at me like I'm crazy.
“Because,” I say, nodding down to the little girl as I begin to make us a little makeshift bed. "If she wakes up and doesn't know where she is, she's going to flip out, and we're going to want to be right here so we can help her."
"Damn it," Jackson murmurs, shaking his head. "I should have thought of that...”
"No, Jacks," I say with a happy sigh, finishing laying out the blankets and plopping myself down in his lap, pushing my hands gently against his shoulders as I urge him to lean back. "That's why you've got me. I'll think of it. You... let your mind turn on whatever else it wants to think of." 
He sighs for a second, my pushing obviously doing nothing to actually make him lay down, and then he finishes the glass of wine before putting the glass down and wrapping his arms around me taking me with him as he lays back on his back. "Too good to me, Ariel Sinclair," he murmurs. 
"Not nearly good enough," I murmur, pressing a kiss to his chest.
###Chapter 0937
"Thank you," he replies, dismissing my point. And I smile, opening the bond again, passing a constant stream of love and reassurance down the bond to my mate. Because it's not that I'm not freaked out, or scared, or shaken by all of this -
It's just that Jesse and Rafe are right. Jackson needs me right now, and so does Marigold.
And if I can just put the rest of the worries out of my mind and concentrate on helping them for right now...then the rest we can figure out as it comes.
I sigh and concentrate on my bond, and my mate, and this brand new little girl. And Jackson and I just sit quietly for a long time, sharing emotions and watching Marigold sleep until we, too, join her in that state.
My eyelids slowly begin to lift in the morning as I wake up, blearly and confused, trying to figure out...why I'm so close to the ground...even though Jackson is sprawled out beneath me as usual...
But I flinch, just slightly, when I see two very blue little eyes peering at me.
"Ariel," a little voice whispers.
My face breaks into a smile. "Hi," I whisper back, reaching out a hand and drifting my palm softly over the little girl's pretty dark hair. "Good morning."
She smiles at me too.
"Who're you talking to," Jackson mumbles, his eyes still closed. He dips a hand low on my back and flips up the edge of my shirt, running his hand up the length of my spine. I can feel, down the bond, precisely where his intentions are leading with this and I grin, propping my chin on his chest so I can look up at his face.
"Jacks? Probably not the best idea right now."
"What?" he asks, cracking an eye open. "What're you -"
He flinches and then gasps when he sees Marigold, having apparently forgotten all about her. I burst out laughing as Jackson clasps me to his chest, sitting half up. And, to my delight, Marigold laughs along with me - the happiest, prettiest little tinkling sound!
"You scared me," Jackson says to the little girl, his sense of humor catching up a moment later as he smiles first at his girl and then at me. Marigold laughs harder and falls back into her blankets, making me grin. "God damn it, I...was not expecting that," Jackson murmurs, stroking a hand over my hair and pressing a kiss to my cheek and then a quick one to my mouth.
"You'd better," I say, looping my arms around his neck. "You're a daddy now. Kids around all the time."
He hums in consideration, looking between Marigold and me. "We're going to need to get her her own bed...at some point.”
"And her own room," I say, winding my arms around Jackson's neck, pressing my own quick kiss to his mouth, sending all of my cheerful happy morning emotions right down along the bond. He laughs and gives me a tight squeeze before crawl off him and stand up, stretching. 
"Okay, Marigold!” I say, grinning at the girl and offering my hand. "What do you think? A little bath before breakfast?"
She peers up at me, going still. And then she bares her teeth a bit, growling.
I blink at her, surprised. "You...don't want breakfast?" I glance between her and Jackson, confused.
"No, it's the bath..." Jacks murmurss, yawning and rubbing a hand over his hair. "She's sending me... images, feelings. When she thinks of a bath it's very...cold."
"Really?" I ask, standing straight and staring at him. "You can get all that down the bond?"
He shrugs and looks up at me. "Is that...abnormal?"
I consider it for a second, remembering back to my own childhood. Children's bonds with their parents change as their language develops, as their needs change. But I do remember being very small and passing thoughts and feelings to my parents so... No, I guess it's not," I say quietly, putting my hands on my hips. "I'm just...not used to you having a bond with someone else.” 
He looks up at me, his own feelings slightly guilty and worried as he looks up at me, almost apologetic.
Jackson reaches for my hand and I take it, giving him a squeeze. Guilt sweeps through me immediately, because who am I to begrudge Jackson a bond with his daughter? After all, it changes nothing about my bond with him.
.nét
I bend slightly bringing Jackson's hand to my mouth and kissing his fingers before turning to Marigold, crouching down in front of her. "Things are different here – we have very fancy plumbing. Our baths are
warm
—
as warm as you'd like!"
She narrows her eyes at me, dubious, but I just grin and reach for her hand too. "Come on, kid. Let's get you cleaned up. And then we'll bring you to Ella, who will give you something delicious to eat."
"Ella,” she whispers, reaching out on impulse and taking my hand. I laugh and
nod to her, standing and helping Marigold to her feet too.
"Yes, the lure of Ella is universal," I say on a laugh, starting towards the bathroom and grinning between Marigold and Jackson as they follow me.
###Chapter 0938
About forty-five minutes later Jackson and I leave the bedroom with a damp and happy little girl between us, one of her hands in each of ours. She trots happily forward and we both grin down at her, I think both of us still buzzing from the happiness of bathtime.
To say that Marigold was happy with the warm bath is an understatement. In fact, the whole bathroom was a wonder to her - from the big porcelain soaking tub to the flowing warm water and the bubbles and the toys. Safe to say, I don't think she's ever going to growl at me when I propose bath time ever again.
"Marigold!" My dad's voice booms out in the living room and all three of us whip our heads up in surprise.
I grin at my dad and the rest of my family already gathered around the living room, plates of breakfast in their laps, because it becomes immediately apparent that mom put together the loveliest little breakfast to welcome Marigold to the family.
But Marigold interprets things differently.
She gasps in fear and then yelps, darting behind Jackson, wrapping her arms around his right leg and peering out from behind his knee, growling ferociously.
Rafe and Mark laugh while dad grimaces, taking a step back, realizing that he... may have overdone his enthusiastic greeting.
"Dominic," Jackson says on a sigh, going so far as to even flash a frustrated little glare at my dad. I grin at my mate, wondering if he realizes that he just did something that ninety-five percent of the population wouldn't dare do for fear of their lives. "She's not used to men -"
"I'm very sorry," dad says, stepping forward again, a hand held out as a peace offering. "I should have thought -"
Marigold's growl grows deeper and I grin when I look down and see that her little teeny tiny fangs have extended. I can't help the little coo that breaks from my mouth as I clutch my hands to my heart.
"Why don't you just take a few steps back, Dominic," mom says, laughing as she crosses to us and reaches for the little girl.
"Well, I didn't think she'd be scared!" dad says in protest, his face a bit frantic at the thought that Marigold disapproves. He takes three steps back, basically pressing himself against the wall. "Why's she scared of me!?"
"Because you're a huge terrifying Alpha," Rafe murmurs, quite casual, flicking through some news on his phone as he sips at his coffee.
"So are you! So is her dad!" my father protests.
"Rude," Mark says, frowning around, "that I am not included in this group."
"Yes," Rafe murmurs. "But the rest of us gave her cookies, and didn't shout at her first thing in the morning."
Marigold releases Jackson's legs and runs for mom, her face still looking warily at my dad as mom sweeps her up in her arms and lifts her high in a big hug.
"What do you think, little girl?" mom murmurs, pressing a kiss to Marigold's cheek and carrying her over to the wide buffet. "We've got all sorts of good things here, what do you want to try?"
Marigold looks wide-eyed at the selection, fascinated and perhaps a bit overwhelmed.
“Ella," Jackson says, a little frustrated, moving to her side. "She won't be used to rich foods - it will make her sick -"
"Okay, so, only half a plate of candy with breakfast?” mom asks, looking up at Jackson. I grin, laughing a little at the fact that mom's blank face makes it impossible to know whether or not she's kidding.
“Ella," Jackson says, his shoulders slumping on a sigh.
"Oh, all right, alright, Jacks," mom says, laughing and passing Marigold up to him. "You make her a plate according to your own dietary preferences. But when it comes time for dessert, I'm telling you, boy, I will not be so contained." 
Jackson gives mom a pained little look that makes me laugh because it's very clear to me that he's incredibly uncomfortable defying her every wish. I just pat Jacks on the arm and leave him to his work, crossing to my dad and opening my arms, wanting a hug very much. 
Dad complies, wrapping me up tight, letting me rest my head against his chest. "Living up to your namesake as usual, little trouble," dad murmurs against my hair, rocking me a little. "How are you doing with all of this?"
"I think I'm okay," I say, closing my eyes and letting my dad take my weight for a moment, take my worries and my problems too.
"You are, baby," dad says, stroking my hair. "The addition of one little girl is nothing this family can't handle."
"Thank you," I say on a sigh, meaning it.
"Come on," dad says after a moment, giving me a little nudge. "Let's feed you up too. Fatherly instincts and all."
"Can I eat junk?" I ask, grinning up at my dad as he leads me over to the buffet.
"As much as you want, darling," dad says, stroking a hand over his hair. "You've already been spoiled rotten so there's nothing that a few more bits of chocolate won't do. I don't mind playing the role of the much more indulgent father now that you're all grown up and ending wars." 
###Chapter 0939
I burst out laughing and pick up a plate, my stomach rolling over with hunger as I do as my father suggests, picking out a rather indulgent breakfast.
Breakfast passes quite calmly with all of us scattered around the living room eating off our knees. I mean, there are several dining rooms all over the palace, but when it comes to our personal meals? This always seemed to suit us more. Mom gets Marigold a little tray and sets it up before a pillow so that she has space to work, and Jackson and I sit on either side of Marigold as she digs into the plate of eggs and sausage and toast that Jackson made for her.
My family chats calmly but Jackson mostly watches his girl, and I watch him, pleased and entertained.
"She eats like you," I murmur, reaching out and tucking some of his hair behind his ear.
"What do you mean?" he asks, lifting his eyes to mine.
"Endlessly," I say, dry, nodding down to Marigold's empty plate as my mom brings her over a little bowl of fruit. Marigold reaches for it, eager.
Jackson laughs, full and rich, and nods to Ella, giving his permission for Marigold to have it. She digs in with gusto, her eyes wide, and I realize that she's eating things and experiencing flavors that she may have never had before.
"Yes, I suppose I can take credit for the appetite," Jackson says on a sigh, stroking his hand down over her hair. "Though I wonder..."
"What?" I ask, leaning closer, dropping my voice, intuiting that he doesn't want others to hear.
He turns to me, likewise dropping his voice. "Well, is she just making up for lost time? Or does she have..."
My eyebrows shoot up as I consider it for the first time - that Marigold might have magic, might have magic to match Jackson's own -
"Oh wow," I whisper, looking down at Marigold's dark head. "How would we... know?"
Jackson just shrugs, shaking his head at me with a wondering little frown.
Mark comes over then and we both turn to him with a smile as he stretches out on the floor in front of Marigold, propping himself up on his elbow and sipping from his mug. "Hey Marigold, good morning," he says, easy and fun as my Markie always is.
Marigold drags her attention away from the fruit bowl for just a moment to meet his eyes. "Mark," she says, quite definitive, giving a nod.
Mark's face bursts into a handsome smile. “Yup, that's me."
Marigold wordlessly turns her attention back to the fruit but then goes still, her nose working, and then her eyes move directly for Mark's mug. A little whine sounds in the back of her throat.
"She can't possibly want coffee," I murmur, frowning down at her and then glancing down at my own mug next to me.
"Nah it's hot chocolate," Mark says, holding it out to Marigold. "Here, you can have mine -"
"Mark," Jacks says on a sigh,
reaching out to block the cup.
Marigold snaps her head up to her father, her adorable little whine sounding again. My heart clenches at the sound and I'm made aware, quite suddenly, of why it's so hard for my mother to not indulge our every whim. 
God, dad sure did have his work laid out for him throughout our childhoods, keeping her in line.
"Oh, come on," Mark says, his tone wheedling, giving Jacks a charming Sinclair smile. “Watching a little girl try hot chocolate for the first time? How can you take this opportunity away from us?"
Jackson sighs, defeated again, and gives in. "Just a sip, okay? If it's not too hot."
"Nah, it's cooled, no worries," Mark says, leaning further over towards Marigold. Mom, dad, and Rafe all peer over, delighted and curious, as Marigold takes Mark's big cup and lifts it to her mouth, taking a little sip.
Her eyes go wide as soon as the liquid hits her mouth and she eagerly yanks the cup up, spilling chocolate down the sides of her cheeks, taking big glugging sips.
"Oh my god," Jackson groans,
grabbing for the cup, but Marigold whips her face away towards me, chugging down the drink. I burst out laughing as Jackson finally gets the cup away from her, especially when I see that there's only the tiniest bit left at the bottom. 
We all laugh, and Jackson joins in a bit too, shaking his head at Marigold, as Mark takes back his cup and makes a big show of being appalled that she drank it all. To all of our delight, Marigold laughs too at Mark's antics, and the atmosphere overall is very happy and cheerful. 
That is, until the door to the room opens, and Jackson snarls, clutching Marigold
to his chest.
###Chapter 0940
"Whoa," Jesse says, starting back from the door a bit as he peers into the room. "Should I...go?"
"Jesse," Marigold whispers, peering over Jackson's arm, her eyes locking on my cousin. Jesse beams at the little girl, I think quite pleased that she remembers his
name.
"Who..." Jackson says on a sigh, loosening his hold as he realizes that it's not some great threat, just another branch of the Sinclair family. "Did you bring...?"
"Not the whole pack," Jesse says, glancing over his shoulder. "Just mom and dad and Seraphina."
Jackson sighs, looking down at the top of Marigold's head, clearly at war with himself.
"What are your hesitations, Jacks?” mom asks, stepping closer to us, tucking her hands behind her back. "Please, you're in charge here, but...I think people are just excited to meet her."
"She's not used to a lot, Ella," Jackson murmurs, settling Marigold into his lap. "The flashes that I'm getting from her of her life - it was very basic. She didn't even have running water. And she didn't really know any other kids. I remember what it was like coming here to the capital for the first time, and how stressful it was, and confusing and overwhelming. I just...don't want her to be freaked out. Slow and steady is...better"
Jackson strokes his hand over Marigold's hair. I smile as I watch him, shocked to see him so...fond of her, so paternal, so protective in less than twenty-four hours.
Wow. This wolf dad stuff must really run deep.
Or maybe just in guys like Jacks.
"We can go if you want, Jacks," Jesse says, stepping just barely over the threshold and glancing back over his shoulder. "I totally get it. But Seraphina did bring Marigold a present, and if she doesn't get to give it, she'll...probably flip out. So would you mind, if maybe she came in for just a second?"
Jackson narrows his eyes. Marigold watches everyone very carefully, her eyes snapping from face to face, taking everything in.
"What kind of present?" Jackson asks.
Jesse smiles softly, incredibly fond of our family's baby, and pushes the door open a little bit to show Seraphina standing there with a little bouquet of flowers that she clearly picked herself. Weeds, mostly – early dandelions, and chickweed, and clover - all tied together with a wide purple ribbon.
"Just something small," Jesse says, looking down at his smallest sister with a great deal of love.
All of our hearts just break with a nearly audible snap as a huge smile spreads over Seraphina's face. She hesitates, looking up at Jesse, not sure if she can come in.
"Oh god," Jackson says, giving in like the rest of us and smiling at Sera. "Come on in, Fifs. Of course, come in."
The smallest Sinclair's face bursts into a grin as she dashes across the room to usJackson nods to Jesse and Cora and Roger too, letting them know that he's fine with them as well, though I can feel his anxiety about such a full room - more people than Marigold's ever socialized with together at once, probably. 
But it doesn't seem to affect Marigold at all. Instead, she looks with big wide eyes
at Seraphina as she dashes over.
"Hi, my name is Seraphina Liliana Sinclair,” Sera says, so quick all the words blend together as she sticks her arm out straight towards Marigold, offering the bouquet. "Mom says you're just my age. I'm four."
"I'm four,” Marigold says, nodding too, a little smile spreading across her mouth.
"I brought this for you," Seraphina says, stepping forward further, still holding it out.
Marigold just stares at the flowers, unsure what to do. "What is it?"
"I don't know. Flowers. You can have them. I found them in the back yard and I picked them for you."
"Thank you,” Marigold whispers, taking the flowers and holding them awkwardly in her hand. I smile softly, looking a bit breathlessly between the girls, wondering what the hell is going to happen next.
The two just stare at each other for a long moment before Seraphina cocks her head to the side. "Wanna play?"
Jackson tenses. "I'm not sure I -"
But Seraphina bursts out into a giggle and shifts in a flash into her
puppy form, stretching her front
paws out in front of her in a clear invitation to play before darting off behind the couch. Marigold gasps and drops her flowers, a huge smile breaking across her face before she shifts too, scrambling out of Jackson's lap in her puppy form to chase Sera. 
"Wait!" Jackson calls, fear clear in his voice. "I –“
"Jacks," I murmur, putting a hand on his knee. "Seraphina is a good kid - she knows how to play." I bite my lip, not wanting to push too far. He's her dad, after all. “You can't control everything and...maybe it will do her some good, to have some fun. Get sleepy so she goes down for a nap." 
###Chapter 0941
He turns his head back to me. "They nap?"
My mouth spreads into a grin. "At four? Kind of a lot."
"Oh god," he groans, putting his head again in his hands. "I don't - I don't know what I'm doing. I'm trying to do it all right – I just...have no idea what's going on..."
"You sound just right for a new dad," Roger says, wandering over with Cora at his side, both of them smiling lovingly down at my big, confused Alpha mate. “We pretty much lived in that state of anxiety and unknowing for the first eight years of Jesse's existence."
"And I'm great!" Jesse calls from the breakfast buffet, where he loads up a plate. Jackson hesitates, studying Jesse, clearly wondering if it was the best choice.
Cora and Roger burst out laughing, and I do too, and then Jackson does and the room rings with it. I scootch closer to Jackson's side, looping my arm in his and leaning against him. "It's gonna be fine, Jacks," I whisper. "This is her family. Kind of a crash course in it, yes but...she's going to have to get used to us sometime."
“Yeah, I guess you're right," Jackson murmurs, looking over to where Seraphina really is playing quite gently with Marigold - much more gently than she does with her other siblings, who she bites and tackles with glee. But the light in Marigold's little brown puppy eyes that shine so bright against her wolf's dark fur - god, she just looks so incredibly happy that my eyes fill with tears.
“Looks like breakfast cocktails are in order," Roger says, giving us both a wink and then starting over for the bar cart.
"What?" I ask, wiping at my eyes.
But I understand more completely when I look over at Jackson and see his eyes filled with tears too as he watches his little girl play with her new cousin. As he realizes that unlike him, she's going to grow up with a family.
And a really, really good one at that.
I lean close against my mate and pass a great deal of love down our bond.
Jacks leans against me too and sends it right back.
Sensing that it will put Jackson most at ease, my family is uncharacteristically calm and subdued for the rest of the day. Roger pours Jackson a big glass of whiskey that he nurses, his eyes
constantly moving back to old.
As the hours pass each of the adults in our family spends a little one-on-one time with Jacks, chuffing him up and ensuring him
that he can do this. 
Rafe, Mark, and Jesse each take turns playing with the girls, little games that leave the pair shouting with laughter and joy. At some points I even hear Marigold chattering with her new friend, talking on and on in her excitement, belying her first impression as a quiet and subdued child.
But even as they have fun, I keep myself stuck to Jackson's side, knowing that Marigold is in good hands and that Jackson needs me more right now. Because even as he starts to settle into his new role as father - more aligned with dad and Roger now than Jesse and Rafe - I can still feel the confusion, and anxiety, and quite a bit of fear roiling within him. 
-
So, I just stay quietly at his side, passing him counter emotions as much as I can down the bond. Not telling him that he's wrong just... providing encouragement and perspective. Letting him know that we're safe. That it's good. That it's all going to be all right.
By the time the girls fade a bit, ready
for their afternoon nap, and Cora
and mom take them into mom's
bedroom to lay down and sleep for a bit, I sense that Jackson's a bit ready for a nap too. His anxiety about the nap ran high for a moment until Cora introduced him testhe concept of a baby monitor, after which I saw his shoulders
slump visibly with relief. Saw, indeed, a great deal of exhaustion come over his face. 
"You okay?" I whisper, leaning against Jacks, smiling up into his face.
"Oh, I guess so," he says, glancing down at the monitor and accepting a fresh drink from Roger, taking an eager sip and welcoming the relaxation it promises. Then he smiles at me and nods over to the couches where everyone is sitting, and we go over to join.
We're just sitting down and settling in when another knock comes at the door.
###Chapter 0942
Dad starts to get up to answer the door when mom comes flying out of her room, waving a hand at dad. Cora follows soon after, pulling the door shut and nodding to Roger and Jacks to let them know that their daughters are asleep.
I turn my head to stare between Roger and Jackson, a little baffled, suddenly, when I realize that...these two men, from completely different generations, have daughters the same age.
"I know, right?" Jackson murmurs on a sigh, taking a big sip of his drink. I burst into laughter.
"Sit sit!" mom calls to us, grinning. "That's for me. Timing couldn't be better."
"Who is it?" Rafe asks with a frown.
"My crew!” Mom says, gleeful as she pulls open the door and waves in her favorite construction manager - a workman with whom she has had a relationship for years. “This way, this way!" she says, waving the foreman and all of his workers forward. My eyes go wide when I see that they're carrying quite a bit of wood and tools.
"What - what are you doing?" I ask, baffled.
"Oh, I wanted it to be a surprise," mom says, biting her lip and folding her hands behind her back. "But...Markie? Do you want to tell?"
All of our eyes turn to Mark, who sits next to me and blushes. "Well, Marigold needs a room, right?" he says.
I just stare at him for a second, blinking, before my eyes go wide. "Mark, no!"
He just laughs and shrugs. "Come on, I need to move out of my little kid room sometime. This way I get to move to swanky bachelor quarters down the hall and Marigold gets her own space. And since our rooms have an adjoining wall –“
"We're building a door!" mom squeaks, excited, unable to let Mark finish without bursting in. She clasps her hands excitedly beneath her chin, her eyes moving between me and Jacks, desperate to know what we think. 
"Oh my god," I breathe, pressing a hand to my chest. "No way! Mark, that's too generous - that's been your room since you were a kid -"
"What - what is happening..." Jackson asks with a frown, still not getting it.
"I'm giving Marigold my room," Mark explains, smiling warmly at Jacks. "And since she's so little, mom is building a door between your rooms so you can check on her without having to use the hall."
Jackson gapes at Mark, and then at me, and then down at the baby monitor. And then he dips his head down into his palm, overwhelmed and touched.
All the women in the room bite back an instinctive coo at Jackson's overwhelmed state while the men smile warmly at him, understanding.
"And you don't have to live here, if you don't want to - though of course you're welcome to," mom says, coming and sitting close to
Jackson and me on the couch, net
putting a hand on his arm. "I
vél.
just...when you are here - which I hope will be often - you need more space. And Markie's right, he's growing out of his room -" 
"I would like it stated," Rafe says, a bit dry, drawing all eyes to him as he raises a glass of whiskey alongside his declaration. "That some of us are not this generous and have no
intention of giving up their room
any future children. My room is my room, forever. In fact, in the many future generations of Sinetair children to come, I would like my room preserved in perpetuity, precisely as I leave it. And no one's
allowed to touch my stuff."
I burst out laughing at my brother, shaking my head at him, my whole family joining in as the crown prince finishes off his drink and gets up for another one, winking at us.
I turn my eyes back to Jacks, grateful for my brother, realizing that his joke made
a little space for Jackson to collect himself. I grin at Rafe, who nods to me and gives me a tiny little shrug.
“Thank you, Ella, and Mark,” Jackson says, looking at them seriously. Then, to my surprise, he turns his eyes to me. "What do you think?"
"I think it's a great idea," I say, nodding eagerly. "I mean, it will be so easy to check
on her next door - and we can make the room so cute, decorate it however she likes -"
###Chapter 0943
"No, Ariel," Jackson says, laughing a little and putting a hand on my knee. "What do you think in like, a larger sense. Do you...want to live here?"
I sit up straight in a bit of surprise. "I...do live here," I say quietly, not getting it. "This is my home."
"I mean permanently," Jackson says, turning more completely to me now with a small frown. “Like, is this where you want to be to raise Marigold? Here, where you grew up. Is that best?"
I just stare at him, realizing finally -
Stupidly -
What everyone else has probably put together.
That...that we have to live somewhere. Somewhere steady, and solid, where Marigold can go to school and have a schedule and a routine. Where she can participate in activities with other children and make friends.
But...
"But we have to go back to the Academy!" I blurt out, staring wide-eyed at Jackson.
Jackson stares back at me and my family goes dead quiet for a second before turning politely away and starting little mini conversations, pretending to give us time to discuss this amongst ourselves while they very clearly - at least to me - continue to listen with rapt attention.
Jackson is quiet for a moment before smiling softly, raising a hand to my cheek. "You go back to school, Ariel," he says, cupping my face, shaking his head at me a little bit. "It's so important to you, I know that - and you should finish, it's just another year -"
"Jackson!" I gasp, smacking his hand away. "We're - we're both going back to school! We're both finishing Alpha Academy!"
He hesitates for a moment, his shoulders slumping. "Ariel, I have to put Marigold before my own wants right now - I have to stay here -"
"Why!?" I ask, my eyes going wide in my panic.
He just stares at me, confused.
"Ariel, our room is crowded enough," Jesse says, wandering over, perfectly casual, as if we're talking about sports or the weather. "Where would you even propose to put a third bed?"
"She can have yours," I snarl, glaring hard at him, not in the mood for jokes.
Jesse smirks and takes a sip of his drink. "Touche. Problem solved. I'm in on this plan."
"Jackson's not wrong," my dad says quietly, all eyes turning to him. Everyone goes quiet as dad shakes his head, sorrow warring with firm reality on his face. "It's clearly stated in the school's rules that enrolled students are not allowed to bring family and loved ones. Technically, enrolled Alphas are supposed to be single to avoid precisely this
situation and so that the young men can focus on their education."
I lean forward towards my father, just as firm and starting to get mad. "It's also a rule that enrolled students had to be male, but I threw that right out the door!"
Dad's mouth presses into a thin line as he considers me. "Exceptions were made for you, Ariel. But if we begin to throw out rule after rule, when does it end?"
"When I say it ends!" I shout, livid suddenly.
"Ariel," my father says, his voice a low warning, scolding me like I'm a child.
But that just stokes my fire a bit more. "After everything that happened these past few months," I growl, my own voice dropping lowe as I glare hard at my father. "After everything that I and Jackson did for this nation - this? This is what is causing a stumbling block to his happiness!? To our happiness!? That you just don't let kids in the castle!?" 
"I -" my father begins, leaning forward, but I don't let him get far, rising to my feet
to glare around the room.
"This man is a hero in this war," I
snap, pointing at Jackson. "This man saved me and killed your
enemy with his teeth in his necklet
And this is how you show your gratitude!?” I sneer at my father, and at Roger, knowing that they're the ones who wrote the rules, 
###Chapter 0944
"This has nothing to do with whether or not we're grateful for what Jackson did for this family and this nation," my father says, staring at me, cold.
"With all the resources this family has," I snarl, "with everything that we have imagined for our people - vastly different futures, equality between wolves and humans, and end to the kind of Atalaxian government that reduces women to chattel. But, somehow, we can't imagine a single way to let a young man continue his education just because he has a child!?"
"Ariel," Jackson sighs, reaching for my hand. "You're going too far -"
"No, I'm not," I snarl, whipping my hand out of his grasp. "And if you won't stand up for what you deserve, Jackson, I will!" I turn my face back to my father and my uncle, a desperate frown on my lips. "You raised me to believe in better values that you're enacting right now. And I'm ashamed of you."
I whip my head down to my mate, letting him know mind to mind that I can't be in this room any longer, asking if he wants to come with me.
But he just sighs and slumps back against the couch, not knowing what to do, not knowing where he stands. Not wanting to anger my father and my uncle, who have been so good to him. Not...not knowing what his next move should be, or can be.
"Fine," I growl, storming for the door alone.
"I, for one, agree with her," Jesse says, following behind me. "Ariel's ethics are right on this and, whether or not you see it yet, she's revolutionizing the way things are done in this world. Anyone who catches themselves on the opposing side from Ariel should...seriously reconsider their shit.” His footsteps echo behind me as I storm out into the hall.
"I agree too," Cora's voice sounds, light and easy, though I can barely hear it now as I march away. "Though I am too relaxed to dramatically storm out, you should all imagine me doing so. For solidarity."
My feet carry me forward, rage overtaking my mind and not letting me think anything but thoughts that replay my anger, and my arguments, and my conviction that this can't it can't just be impossible for Jackson to return to school -
She's just a little girl - she's very small and portable - how is this derailing our entire education!?
My steps pound up and up a staircase and only come back to myself when my hand slams against a door, shoving it open, and cool afternoon air rushes over me. I stop
dead in my tracks, my breath met
panting a little, and just stare
forward at the yurt as Jesse comes to stand next to me, barely breathing hard. 
Which is infuriating. As usual. God damn athletic Alphas.
"Shit," I say, looking up at him. "Is it...is it okay? To come here? When I'm all pissed off?"
"Everyone seeks comfort in the yurt!"
Jesse says, sweeping a dramatic hand out towards it before looking. down at me with a small smile. “It's fine, Ari Mids would love to talk you through your drama. She's a
shockingly good listener, as long as you don't mind hearing the deadpan truth of her opinions when you're finished spilling your guts." 
I narrow my eyes at him. "Can I drink demon juice as I talk?"
“Oh, it's encouraged,” he says, raising his eyebrows at me.
"What's going on?" Midnight calls, pushing back the flap from her yurt and frowning at us, the bright orange glow from her tent warm and inviting. I can't help but smile a little when I see that she's wearing a hoodie over what I can only describe as a ballgown skirt.
"Jackson got a pup and Ariel is confused," Jesse says, quite succinct, pointing at
me.
"We're drinking demon juice and venting our woes, Mids!" I call, striding for the ever-full wine fridge in the outdoor kitchen.
"Sounds good!" she calls, ducking back in. "Come inside!"
As I sit on a pillow, sipping my wine and looking around, I consider hat the yurt has gotten...shockingly cozy since I've last been in it. Somehow Midnight procured a little space
heater that looks like a firace ne
and
it kicks off a great deal of heat. Beyond that, there are dozens of blankets and books and little shelves filled with snacks. 
"You've done good for yourself, Mids," I murmur, kind of thinking that maybe I'll just set up a yurt outside Alpha Academy to live in with Jacks and Marigold. I mean, the way Midnight makes it look, it's a very cozy life.
###Chapter 0945
"Thanks!" Midnight says, quite pleased, plopping down in front of me with a glass of orange soda. Jesse lays on his side next to both of us, quite calm and casual. "Miss Ella has been very nice and gives me whatever I ask for, and also brings me stuff up too. She brings me lots of clothes."
"Mom loves clothes," I say, nodding understandingly. "She'll fill the whole yurt if you let her."
"She says I can store them downstairs. But you," Mids says, pointing a finger at my face. "Are avoiding telling me a gossip. Where did Jackson get a pup?"
I scowl a bit, certainly caught in the act. "It's his daughter, Mids," I say with a shrug. "He only just found out she existed yesterday, which is...insane."
Midnight's eyes go wide. "So...so he made the pup?" she asks, leaning forward a bit breathless. "Doing...doing the sex?"
I work very, very hard not to laugh at this, not wanting to embarrass her. But I can't help the wide smile that spreads over my face. "Yup, that's how it happens."
"Oh man," Midnight says, sitting up straight. "That's so gross. But you are not the pup's mother? How does that work?"
“Our Jackson got around in his youth,” Jesse says, peering over at Mids, clearly entertained. "He's faithful to Ariel now - we presume -"
I snarl at my cousin, who shoots a grin at me before turning his eyes back to Mids.
"But before he met Ariel," Jesse continues, "he knew another girl. And they liked each other, so..." he shrugs, letting Midnight fill in the blank.
Midnight's eyes narrow further. "Was she a whore?"
I burst out laughing. "Mids, no! By all accounts she was a perfectly lovely girl."
Midnight hums consideringly, taking a sip from her soda. "Is the baby cute? And well behaved?"
"Very cute," I say, nodding my confirmation. "And well behaved, so far."
"And is the mother coming to demand that Jackson return so he can perform the labor of caring for the child?"
"No," I say, my voice softening with sadness. "She died, Midnight. So, Marigold -" "What's a Marigold?"
"It's Jackson's pup's name," I say, laughing a little. "But yes, Marigold only has Jackson now, so he's going to raise her."
Midnight cocks her head to the side, considering me. "Well, then why are you mad?"
I cock my head too. "What?"
"You came up here all angry,"
Midnight says, "But... things sound pretty good. After all, you got a free pup out of this - a cute and
well-behaved one - and you
didn't
none
have to do any of the sex or the birth or anything. And no one is
demanding that Jackson leave. So why are you mad?" 
I sigh, thinking that Midnight...rather has a knack for putting things in perspective, doesn't she? "I'm mad because my family is saying that Jackson can't go back to schoo because he has to stay and take care of his kid. Which means I can't go to school, because I'm certainly not going to abandon him." 
"Well, why can't the pup go with you?" Midnight asks, sitting up straight.
"That's what I said!" I gasp, leaning forward, eager. Midnight nods to me, sharp, like it's finished.
"Don't you think it will be too
dangerous for a pup?" Jesse asks,
looking at Midnight curiously. “All those weapons and Alphas running around learning to be dangerous? Plus, Marigold won't be able to go to school, and she'll not have any friends when there are no other children around." 
Midnight just rolls her eyes. "You could have said the same thing about Ariel enrolling. Won't she be lonely, without any other girls? Isn't it too dangerous for a girl? And all that."
Jesse's eyes flash back to me. "Good argument. And you came out with flying colors."
"Yes well, I think they will have a stronger case with Marigold," I say, a bit dry. "As she won't have anyone to take care of her while Jackson and I are in class."
"I'll come and take care of her," Midnight says with a casual shrug.
Jesse and I whip our eyes to her.
"That is," Midnight says, looking between us with her clear dark eyes. "Until I enroll officially in Alpha Academy in the fall. So, you'll need a new babysitter come September. But until then, I'd be happy to ensure Jackson's pup doesn't die while you're away."
Jesse and I just stare at Midnight in shock for...a myriad of reasons.
###Chapter 0946
Midnight stares between Jesse and I with a frown. "What?" she asks. “What's surprising about this?"
"You'd really come and take care of Marigold?" I whisper, shocked and a little thrilled. I mean, I never even thought about hiring a nanny - but then again, I haven't thought about much of anything at all in the past few minutes besides how mad I am at my dad -
"Wait, you're enrolling in Alpha Academy!?" Jesse asks, a bit awed.
"Well, if Ariel can do it, I can too," Midnight says, casting out a hand towards me. "After all, I am much tougher and more powerful than she!"
"Oh, try me, Mids," I say, dry, grinning as I unfurl my hand, a blue flame flicking to life there.
Midnight grins wickedly as shadows shoot out from her, leaping for the flame in my hand. I gasp at first when the shadows hit my flame, feeling it like a true impact, but then I grin when I see the two forces grappling with each other. I laugh, putting a bit more power in it, and my flames gobble up her shadow.
"See?" I say, cheerful, grinning at her. "I win."
"Not fair," she snarls, pouting as she crosses her arms over her chest. "You got all those Goddess perks. If it was still just your red fire I could take you out."
"I believe you," I say, flicking my fire away. "We should experiment more with it, though. Could be helpful for both of us."
Midnight looks at me with a bit of suspicion for a moment, well aware that my fire can burn away the darkness in her soul, but then she nods. I smile, genuinely warm by the trust she has in me.
"Pardon me," Jesse says, polite and sarcastic, "can we please get back to the point here? Mids, are you serious about wanting to enroll in the Academy?"
She shrugs, turning towards him. "Well, if that's where you're going, that's where I want to be. And I certainly don't want to waste my time sitting around all day, so I will want to go to lessons. Miss Ella says I can go to school, after all."
"Are you ready for school?" I ask, tilting my head to the side. "The Academy is very rigorous, Mids - and I know you're clever, but can you...do advanced math and stuff?"
"I can do plenty math," Midnight growls, turning her glare on me.
“Okay, but like, what about a basic understanding of chemistry?" I ask, tucking my hair back behind my ears, thinking that she – like me - certainly doesn't have the physique for Warrior track, so she very likely would be Espionage, like me.
And what a hell of a spy she'd be.
Or, Ambassador, but...well, my wolf rolls onto her back in my soul, laughing at the prospect.
"What's chemistry?" Midnight snaps out, still glaring.
Slowly, I smile.
Midnight's eyes narrow further. "If I knew what that word meant, I'd likely be offended by your suggestion that I didn't know anything about it. But I probably do. I'm very smart, Ariel, I can do everything."
"Well, I mean, you'd have some time to catch up," I say eagerly. "It's only March now, and enrollment isn't until September -"
"Whoa, whoa," Jesse says, sitting up a little, anxious. "Are we have we decided on this? Is this our plan?"
"Do you not want her to enroll?" I ask, bristling a little.
"You stop that," Jesse snaps, pointing a finger at my face. "You know I was always Team 'Girls in the Academy I'm just saying let's... think about this for a moment. Consider if it's what Midnight really wants amongst her plethora of options." 
"Well, if you think you're just going to be springing off to the Academy and leaving me behind to sit on the palace roof for the next few months," Midnight says, sitting quite straight and proud. "That's certainly not going to happen."
Jesse nods consideringly, accepting her thoughts on this issue.
"I think it's a good plan," Midnight says, nodding like it's finished. "I'll come and
study Chemas-tree and ensure the pup doesn't die."
I bite my lip, wondering, because while it would solve one problem for me...does it create more for Jesse? And for Daphne? I mean, when I
spoke to my friend yesterday via net
videocall she was still visibly devastated about losing Jess to a fated mate. Will bringing Midnight around rub salt in the wound? 
But then again...will keeping Midnight away for Daphne's sake be completely unfair to Mids?
"Why don't we...take a few days to think on this," Jesse says, his face unusually serious, nodding to both of us. "It's a good idea but I don't think it does a great deal of harm to...consider all sides of the equation."
“Okay,” Midnight says with a shrug.
She lifts her eyes to me. "Does
Jackson even want to return to school now that he has a pup? The book says that some mothers
do
not want to return to their jobs once they have a baby so they can
concentrate on rearing it properly." 
###Chapter 0947
I smile at her, charmed again. "I don't know. Maybe I should have asked before I flipped out, hmm?"
"Probably," she says with a shrug, taking another long sip of her drink as she carefully considers me. "Do you want a puppy, Ariel? Because if it's your mate's puppy, it's going to be around and stuff. You might not like that. I would hate that."
I laugh a little, leaning back against one hand and taking a long sip from my wine as I consider the question. "I think...that yes, I do want her. I want her very much. She's part of Jackson, and that's beautiful to me, and I'm sure as time passes I'll learn that she's beautiful unto herself as well. I'm excited to get to know Marigold as she grows up - that's one of the delights of having a pup, I think. Getting to see who they become, loving them as they grow."
Midnight just stares at me like I'm crazy. "Do you want like...more pups after this one? Like eighteen?"
I laugh and shrug. "Maybe not eighteen. But...yeah, sure, I always imagined that some day I'd have kids. Maybe not in my early twenties, and maybe not starting with a mysterious four-year-old child dropped on my doorstep. But certainly I will want more children someday." I smile a little at the thought - of a passel of pups that are half me and half Jacks.
My heart warms and my wolf lets out an excited little yip.
"Gross," Midnight says on a sigh, bursting the bubble of my happy fantasy and making me break out in laughter. She smiles at me, though, like she supports my dream even if it is not her own. "I am very glad that Jesse and I do not want pups."
"Oh, I want pups," Jesse says, making both of us spin our heads towards him.
"What!?" Midnight breathes, horrified.
"Like Ariel said," Jesse says with a casual shrug, "timeline is important here. I do not want kids anytime soon. But someday, way down the line? A couple of kids to keep me laughing?" He shrugs. "My dad did it in his forties. I could see giving myself twenty more years of debauchery before I allow myself to be domesticated."
I grin at Jesse, pleased by this. He's just...so good with kids, so wonderful with his siblings - in some ways imagining him forever childless is a great shame. But one look at Midnight lets me know that...she is not at all on the same page.
"Jesse, I am never having pups," Midnight whispers.
"I respect that," Jesse says, raising his glass to her, quite serious.
The yurt goes quiet and I look between this pair, honestly wondering where they're going to end up. Because twenty years is a long time and either of them could change their minds. But if they don't? 
Where...where does that leave them?
We spend a little more time together up in the yurt, Jesse smoothly changing the subject to something idle and easy. We sip at our drinks and talk casually, but as I look aroun@it's very clear that we're each in our own heads, worrying over our own problems, trying to figure out our own independent futures.
I turn towards the door of the yurt an hour or two later, recognizing Mark's voice.
"Ariel?"
"Hey, Markie!" I call.
The yurt's flap is pushed aside and Mark gives us a small smile. "May I, Midnight?"
"You may, Mark Sinclair," Midnight says, quite magnanimous.
Mark grins and steps in, fixing his eyes on me. "I think you should come down. They've been talking and I don't think dad's ready to give in but...Jacks, I think, is missing you."
"Oh heavens," I say on a sigh, guilt rushing in me. "I haven't been a very supportive mate, have I?"
"Nobody's mad about you taking a minute for yourself, Ari," Mark says as I push to my feet. Jesse does too, collecting our glasses and
murmuring his farewells to Midnight,
swn yes!.ne
promising to come up
later.
"That's very nice of you to say, Markie," I say, stepping close and wrapping an arm around his waist, smiling up at him. “But I've taken more than a minute and I need to beg forgiveness."
"Oh, I'm sure he'll give you hell for it and refuse to accept your apology," Mark says, sarcastic, rolling his eyes.
I laugh and call my goodbyes to Mids, following my little brother out of the yurt and back into the palace, our cousin only a few steps behind.
###Chapter 0948
When Jesse, Mark, and I arrive back in the living room, I give my father a steady nod of acknowledgement before I move immediately for Jacks.
He reaches for me with one arm, the other stretched out next to Marigold, holding a handful of beads up for her and Seraphina as they sit on the couch, stringing necklaces for each other. I spare a happy little glance at the two of them before tucking myself in close on Jackson's side, wrapping an arm around his waist and looking up into his face.
"Hi," I whisper. “Jacks, I'm so sorry I left like that -"
"It's fine, Ariel," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair and pulling me in close against him. A great swell of warmth and love grows in my chest, passed down the bond from Jackson. "You were upset, you needed a minute. It's always fine. Where did you go?"
"To the yurt," I say, looking up at him, still a bit guilty. "I think Midnight is my therapist now."
He laughs, warm and lovely and rumbling. "She's going to charge you an arm and a leg."
"Yes, once Midnight learns about the concept of money, I think we're all screwed," I say on a sigh. "How was it down here?"
"Fine," he says, giving a shrug, I think going far too easy on me because he loves me. "There was some...debate. I didn't participate much."
"You can, you know,” I say, raising my eyes to his. “You don't just have to be grateful. You can tell people what you want." I frown a bit, studying him. "But, do you know what you want?"
"I do not, love," Jackson says with a soft smile, stroking his hand over my hair. “Like we said last night, I need.....a bit of time to think it through."
"Okay," I whisper, nodding, determined to give him all the time and support he needs.
"Ariel?" my father says, coming over, his hands deep in his pockets. I look up to see him looking at me quiet seriously, a frown on his lips. "A moment, please?"
"Of course, dad," I say on a little sigh, patting first Jackson's arm and then Marigold's head as I stand up. The little girl gives me a happy smile before turning her head back to her task, clearly delighted both with her new toys and her new friend.
Dad nods towards the windows and I go and stand with him there, crossing my arms across my chest. He opens his mouth on a deep inhale, but I beat him to it.
"I'm sorry, dad," I say, hunching my shoulders a bit. Dad pauses and slowly closes his mouth. "I was...angry, and temperamental,
-
and... petulant. I'm not backing down from my point I do think you should let Jackson and I stay enrolled in Alpha Academy even if we do bring Marigold along. But..." I glance over at him. "I failed to ask what he wants. And I wish I had taken the time to express myself better. More... patiently." I grimace as I end kind of lamely, looking up at my dad, hoping he gets it. 
He smiles softly, stepping closer and running a hand over my hair. "Apology accepted, Ariel. And I apologize, too, for giving a blanket 'no' without thinking on it. I haven't made any decisions yet, and I need to consider all angles, but...you were right in your point that sticking t
I
rutes we made up twenty years ago simply because they're what's
always been done is a flawed way to manage a school, let alone a nation." 
I press my mouth into a thin line for a moment before I pitch forward, wrapping my arms around my dad and giving him a big hug. He laughs in surprise before putting his arms around me in turn, tucking me close to his chest. I close my eyes briefly as Flean against him, incredibly grateful to have a dad who, despite being so powerful, truly listens to me. 
"I love you, dad," I whisper.
"Love you too, baby," he murmurs, petting my hair. "We'll think about it over the next few days, all right? And we'll come up with the best decision for everyone."
"Okay."
We stay that way for a long moment, until a little knock comes at the door. I lift my head up, peering towards it with a frown, wondering if it's Elias or Ben with news about Pippa. Honestly, she must be close to having her baby by now.
But when Mark opens the door and grimaces in embarrassment, I stand up straight in surprise.
“Hello,” Hank says, looking into and around the room. "Oh wow, you're all here —“
A tiny growl sounds from the couch and I stand straight, dropping my arms from
my dad, my eyes moving immediately to where Marigold leans close to Jackson, snarling like a cornered animal.
###Chapter 0949
Jackson tenses, snarling too, tucking his daughter a bit behind him as Hank's eyes go wide, staring at the little girl.
"What's going on here?" Jackson growls. "How do you -"
"What is going on?" a voice says. "Dad, let me through -"
Maryam steps forward then, peering into the room with a frown, scowling when her eyes land on Jackson and his extended canines.
But then a little gasping shout of joy sounds and all of our mouths fall open as Marigold pops out from behind Jackson, jumps out from behind the couch, and makes a dash for Maryam.
"Oh my god!" Maryam says with a delighted laugh, reaching for Marigold as the little girl leaps for her. Maryam snatches Marigold up into her arms, turning her in a delighted circle. "Bunny rabbit! What on earth are you doing here!?"
Marigold laughs with joy, beaming up at this woman who she...so clearly knows. I watch in awe as Marigold rests her head on Maryam's shoulder and says a single, happy word. "Maryam!"
"No seriously," Maryam says, her face falling with worry and fear as she glances back at her dad and then narrows her eyes as she glares around at all of us. "What is this child doing here? How did she get here?"
"Maryam," Jackson says, slowly standing to his full, intimidating height. "How on earth do you know my child?"
"Your child," she spits out, laughing in derision - but then she goes still, staring at Jackson and then down at the little girl, and then back and forth at least three more times. "Oh my...oh my god..."
"Um, clearly...some clarifications need to be made," mom says, hurrying to shut the door and give Hank a warm pat on the shoulder as he stares around, clearly shocked and in a bit of awe. "How...how does everyone know each other?"
"Apologies," Hank murmurs, stepping forward, a little awkward. His eyes rest on Marigold and Maryam as he comes to stands next to them. Marigold again bares her teeth, snarling at the doctor, a clear warning to keep away. "As you've clearly all put together, I know this child. I've treated her twice in pop-up clinics outside of the Community. Once for a cough, and once for her vaccines."
Marigold snarls at the word, narrowing her eyes.
el?
"Yes," Maryam says, fonder and gentler than ve seen her before, laughing a little as she grins down at Jackson's daughter. "Bunny did not like her injections, and dad's reputation has suffered for it. But the two of us get on like a house on fire, don't we, Bunbun?" 
"But Maryam," Hank says with a sigh, resting his forehead in his hand before looking up at Jacks, guilt all over his face. "Maryam helped me, on both occasions as part of a humanitarian aid force, distributing food to the patients." 
"Apples," Marigold whispers, blissful.
"I'm so sorry, Jackson," Hank says, stepping towards him. "Her mother must have used a false name - which makes a great deal of sense, in retrospect - there was no way for me to know -"
"It's fine," Jackson says, his voice flat, his eyes trained on his daughter in Maryam's arms. His hands twitch, clearly resisting the urge to snatch her back.
Maryam, intuiting this, crosses the room, pressing a kiss to Marigold's cheek before she passes the little girl to Jackson's arms. Jackson visibly relaxes, smiling down at his daughter as she rests her head on his shoulder.
"Why...why do you keep calling her Bunny?" Rafe asks, stepping forward, curious.
"Because that's her name," Maryam snaps, rolling her eyes at him. I smirk a little, thinking that no matter what Rafe had said, Maryam was going to throw it back at him like a damned bullet.
"Her name is Marigold," Rafe growls, his voice a low grumble.
My grin widens as I see my ever-calm brother start to lose his temper at the drop
of a hat. Damn, but this Maryam really knows just how to get under his skin. I
laugh a little, thinking it might be good for him.
"Well, she didn't tell me that, did
she?” Maryam snaps, glaring at Rafe
and then turning to smile at
Marigold again. "I think Bunny suits her, anyway. She's just a little fluffy bunny, with these cheeks." Maryam grins, giving Marigold's cheeks a squeeze, making her laugh. 
"Please," Hank says, his voice breaking on the word a bit. We all turn to him, surprised by the worry on his face. "Maryam and I are leaving for the North in an hour - and I have to ask...the...the child's mother?"
Hank's face falls as our silence tells him all he needs to know.
###Chapter 0950
"Oh...oh my god," Maryam says, taking a step back, shock all over her face. She presses a hand to her heart, shaking her head. "She's...gone? That's...that's so fucking awful..."
"You knew her?" I ask, stepping close to Jackson's side and glancing at Marigold, wondering if she should be listening to this.
"She was..." Maryam bites her lip, glancing between me, and Jacks, and the baby — clearly intuiting the whole complicated situation. “She was a really lovely person, Ariel. Really determined, and tough, and strong. And she - she really loved this
one -"
Tears prick Maryam's eyes as she reaches for Marigold, stroking a hand over her hair. And then Maryam turns away, I think not wanting the little girl to see her cry.
"Young women in the North are dying nearly every day for want of medical care," Hank says, his voice grave. Stern, he turns to my father, straightening his shoulders. "I've said it before, Dominic, but I hope you'll listen to me now that the issue has landed on your doorstep. Now that the war with Atalaxia is finished, if you do not turn the entire force of your attention towards the ills of your Northern lands, it will be neglect akin to atrocity."
"And I for one will never forgive you for it," Maryam adds, her voice thick with grief but no less strong for the emotion. I glance at her again, thinking that she's certainly got enough grit to be Queen. Maybe my grandmother knew precisely what she was doing in selecting her as Rafe's mate.
Even if Maryam herself doesn't see it yet.
"I think you're right, Hank," dad says, his voice low and serious. "And if you can delay your trip for an afternoon, we'll convene a council right now and see how we can get started on precisely that work."
I glance up at Jackson by my side, worried for him, wanting his perspective on this. But he just looks back at me stony-faced and shifts his eyes to his little girl, guilt rushing through every bit of him – because he didn't know, couldn't get there fast enough to save her mom.
"I'd like to be part of this, if I may," Rafe asks, stepping forward, quite serious. "Me too," Jesse adds, doing the same.
"Oh, of course you do," Maryam scoffs, rolling her eyes.
Rafe turns to her, wide-eyed, his temper again slipping. "What, now I can't help? I know a lot, Maryam -"
"Oh, you only suddenly want to help because you have some kind of weird crush on me -"
Rafe scoffs. "I so do not!"
"Then where was all of this attention for the people of the North," Maryam shoots back, snapping her hands to her hips, "before we met and your stupid wolf-thing declared me its mate?"
"I was in Atalaxia," Rafe grows, shooting out a hand towards the east. "Fighting a war -"
"Whatever," Maryam sighs, rolling her eyes, making me burst into a ridiculous grin.
"Whatever!?" Rafe sputters, appalled.
"Okay, children!" Mom says, her voice sing-song as she steps between Rafe and Maryam, grinning just like me. "Let's cool down now! We all want to help the Community and think our time is better spent getting to work." 
I laugh a little at my mom's cool management of the situation before glancing at Rafe, who scowls, and Maryam, who studies him
quite
smug. Then I turn my eyes up to Jacks, who, as I may have predicted, is already looking down at me. 
"You want to be in on these conversations?" I whisper.
"Yes," he says, slow, quite grave. "Yes, Ariel. I very much do."
"Good,” I say, leaning against him and reaching out a hand to pet over Marigold's hair. "I do too."
The little girl smiles at me and I smile right back.
In my soul my wolf raises her snout to the sky, howling with her eagerness to do something to help our people.
Dad moves quickly then, murmuring softly to Roger and Cora as he takes out his phone, clearly contacting his advisors and calling them to an emergency Committee. The room bustles with action - mom helping Seraphina clear up the beads, Mark, Jesse and Rafe moving to stand with dad to see how they can help. But my wolf is very satisfied when Hank tucks his hands behind his back and walks over to us, because Jackson deserves some answers.
###Chapter 0951
“Let me take this little rabbit," Maryam says, quite gentle and friendly, reaching for Marigold. Jackson tilts the little girl towards her friend and Marigold laughs, going happily and easily to Maryam, who takes her over to the window to look outside.
"I'm so sorry, Jackson," Hank says, coming close and looking up into my mate's eyes. “I...I should have put it together before."
"It's not your fault," Jackson says with an easy shrug, and down the bond I can tell that he truly holds nothing against this man who is clearly doing so much to help so many people. "As you say, Tasha was likely hiding her identity and going her best not to be found. It's not your job to see through that kind of subterfuge."
"Please," I say, stepping close to Jacks and clasping my hands around his arm, wanting him to feel my support. "Is there anything you can tell us, Hank? About Marigold's...history?"
Hank sighs and looks over to where his daughter is standing with Marigold, pointing out towards the park that abuts the palace, maybe chatting about some of the animals that live there. “What I know is brief and largely medical. Our little pop-up clinics served...hundreds, maybe thousands of people in need and still barely scratched the surface of what needs to be done up there." Hank hangs his head, pressing the bridge of his nose between his fingers. "But...that little girl and her mother made an impact. They were hard to forget."
Jackson tenses next to me and I look up at him, worried. But he simply clenches his jaw and steels himself, wanting to know.
"She wouldn't tell me much," Hank says, dropping his hand and lifting his head to again meet Jackson's eyes. "She was...very proud, wasn't she?"
"She was willful, yes," Jackson replies, his voice soft.
Hank nods, his eyes shifting to his daughter and Marigold. "But they were starving. She came for the food at first, not the medical treatment. She didn't trust us but she was willing to risk it for her daughter. But the second time they came we learned more. We learned that Asha - or, sorry, Tasha, as you call her - was determined to never go back to where she came from, that she'd never let them touch her child. I encouraged her to go South, even to the capital where she could get more aid, but...like so many from the North, her ideas of what happens here in the South were...skewed. She refused, thinking it too dangerous."
I look up at Jackson and he nods, looking down at me. "We were told that horrible things happen down here. That to go South would result in the worst kinds of death. It makes sense that she wouldn't want to go - she had no reason to trust that any sort of help would come." 
My heart breaks at this because my mother has worked so hard to establish aid in our cities, to ensure that people get the help they need My stomach turns at the idea that the Community poisons the mind of their people so completely that they fear the places where they actually could actually get help. 
fet
"She told me they lived in a cabin," Hank says on a sigh, clearly coming to the end of his knowledge. He shrugs. "It was likely a hut. I knew they were starving, I gave thema much food as I could. But...our aid program was mobile and had to move on to a new place. What help we gave was clearly not enough." 
"We should have done more," I whisper, hanging my head.
Jackson hums his agreement, guilt rushing through him too. Because he got out, of course. But so, so many got left behind.
Including his daughter.
But even as he feels all of that, I pass support down our bond. Because even if we're too late to help Tasha - there has to be so much we can do now. So many more people who we can help.
Inwardly I set my heart to the task, determined to do it.
###Chapter 0952
"Has Ella looked her over?" Hank asks, his professional demeanor returning now as he studies Marigold from a few feet away. Maryam turns, hearing the shift in her father's voice and bringing Marigold back over. "Is she healthy, besides being malnourished?"
"Oh, she's fine," mom says, clearly overhearing her name and coming over. "I did a scan last night after we fed her. As you say, Hank, she's malnourished and going to need some feeding up - but I cleared up some bumps and bruises and a little viral bug she was carrying. But beyond that she's a perfectly healthy little four-year-old girl."
"She's not four," Maryam says, laughing a little and coming close.
Marigold whips her head to Maryam with a frown. "Four!" she says, quite definitive, holding up four fingers.
"What?" Mom asks, confused, looking between the pair.
"Oh, little baby liar," Maryam says, laughing and wrinkling her nose at Marigold, who blushes, caught. My mouth falls open in surprise.
"She - she knows how to lie?" Jackson whispers, his eyes wide. "I didn't know... they could do that..."
"Well, apparently this is a crafty, clever little rabbit," Maryam says on a laugh, turning to grin at the rest of us. "Food was distributed according to age, with children 1-3 allotted a slightly smaller amount than the 4-8 year olds. This one has been telling me that she's four since she was barely big enough to walk into my aid tent."
"Four," Marigold growls, her brow lowering, quite definitive.
We all laugh, imagining the hungry little girl making her bold bluff for more food. Jackson grins, sensing an affinity with his daughter and reaching for her. Maryam laughs and hands her over to her dad.
"It's true," Jackson says with a sigh. "Timeline-wise, she's closer to three and a half. I guess you could round up to four, if it makes you happy, Marigold."
She nods, sharp and definitive. "Four," she says, resting her head on her dad's shoulder.
We all grin and nod, giving into it.
"Is there any way to know her birthday?" Mom asks, excited, turning to Hank. I smile at her, knowing immediately the direction of her thoughts. Mom loves birthdays.
But suddenly I frown, snapping my face up to Jackson. "When's your birthday?"
He just shrugs, looking down at me, clearly at a loss. My mouth drops open, appalled.
"No way of knowing," Hank says, shrugging. "You'll just have to pick a date."
"Is this really our best use of time?" Rafe asks, frowning as he comes over, Jesse
at his side. I look around for Mark but see that he's already gone. "Planning Marigold's birthday party?"
"Yes!" Mom says, quite appalled at her son for suggesting that it's not.
“Rafe's just pissed his birthday go skipped this year,” Jesse says with a shrug and
a wicked little grin. "Since me and Juniper and Ariel were all kidnapped."
I gasp as I realize that Jesse's right, that we completely skipped his birthday. And I didn't even realize it!
Twice! Twice now, this year, I've forgotten my sibling's birthdays!
“Rafe!” I gasp, stumbling a few steps towards him, apology and horror all over my face.
"I'll never forgive you," he says, quite loftly, raising his face to the ceiling in mock tragedy.
I squeak in agony, feeling like the absolutely worst sister on earth, wrapping my arms around his waist and giving him a squeeze. "I'm so sorry, Rafe, I'll get you any present you want what do you want? Anything -" 
Rafe just laughs, low and deep, giving me a hug in return. "I want you to stop squeezing me so hard, Ari, for heaven's sake - I don't need a girdle -"
"You sure about that?" Jesse asks, dry, looking Rafe consideringly up and down.
Rafe snarls at our cousin and I laugh, stepping away. To my surprise, Maryam just watches us with a considering expression, like we are.. not at all what she expected us to be. I turn my head a little to the side, wondering what the surprise is here. After all, she knew us as kids. And I honestly don't think we've changed at all. 
Still, she studies us, clearly curious and confused.
"All right," dad says, coming over with Roger and Cora, his face stern and business-like. We all straighten, turning towards him, responding immediately to his authority and his need for our attention.
Well, Maryam turns slightly slower than the rest of us and emits a huffy little sigh. But I just grin, liking her all the more for it.
"I've managed to call in enough of the Committee for an emergency forum," dad says, looking around at all of us, quite serious. "Anyone here would be welcome to attend and give your perspective. Hank, will you be able to delay your travel? 
"Yes," Hank says, glancing at Maryam before giving a definitive nod. "We can take
a later train."
"Good," dad says, taking a deep breath, getting ready to give more orders.
"If I may,” Hank says, crossing his arms over his chest and looking seriously at his King, his voice grim.
Dad pauses for a moment and then turns to the smaller man, deferring to him. I grin at this too, loving my dad very much for his willingness to listen.
###Chapter 0953
"Whatever assault on the Community you're planning should seek to provide as much humanitarian aid as it does military force,” Hank says, sure and clear. “The goal should not merely to be to defeat whoever is in charge but to bring help to those who are suffering. I will only participate in this council if those are joint goals - otherwise, I will aim my time and efforts elsewhere."
Dad pauses for a moment, considering this, and then turns to my mother, deferring to her in turn. "Ella? Are we prepared to offer that kind of aid?"
"Oh, yes," she says, nodding eagerly, tucking her hands under her chin, her eyes wide and bright. "Cora and I have been working on our ability to expand quickly - we've got some resources in place. I mean, we'll need a minute to requisition supplies and personnel but...yes, Dominic, I think we're ready."
"Good," dad says, turning back to Hank, giving him a nod that signifies his agreement to the plan. Hank works hard to keep a smile from his face but Maryam doesn't bother, well pleased to see their priorities go forward.
"But the military will be the ones directing the missions and the aid," dad continues, looking to Roger for confirmation. He nods, agreeing to the plan. "We will need a significant tactical force as well as our Espionage and Scouting units to go in first and give us the information we need to plan our engagement."
To my surprise and delight, dad shifts his eyes to me here.
"This suggests significant commitment from Alpha Academy, as many of our actual spies are currently...missing. Or otherwise engaged in Atalaxia. So, we'll have to go to the recruits."
My wolf howls with excitement, because am I mistaking it? Or is dad asking me to put my Espionage skills to the test!? I bite my lip, excited at the prospect, and do my best to contain my excitement, just giving a little nod.
"I'm in," Rafe says, crossing his arms solidly over his chest. "I'm sure many Cadets from the academy will be as well." Jesse raises his hand slightly, showing his support. "I can -"
"I'm going to help too," Maryam says, raising her chin, her voice ringing out. "On the humanitarian side, of course, as it's far more important."
We all turn to her in surprise and after a beat she frowns around at all of us.
"What?" Maryam bites out. "I have medical experience. I know these people way better than most of you. I'll be an asset!"
"Maryam," Rafe growls, slowly shaking his head in absolute refusal. "It is far too dangerous for you -"
"You're letting blondie go!" She shouts, pointing directly at me. A smile bursts onto my face.
"Ariel is a trained spy," Rafe snaps, leaning forward towards Maryam, anger rising in him like a quick tide. "She knows how to handle herself in -"
"Oh whatever, Maryam says, giving what I'm coming to understand as her habitual dismissive eye roll. "Just try to stop me, you big brute With that she strides for the door, clearly intent on heading to the meeting whether or not he wants her to. 
"Maryam!" Rafe shouts, enraged, storming after her towards the door.
"Don't you pick me up again!"
Maryam shouts back, her voice
echoing back into the room as she
starts to stride down the hall. Yust
because you're bigger than me doesn't mean that you -!" 
"God damn it, Maryam! Would you listen to sense!?"
"All right," Dad says, fighting a little smile as he turns his eyes back to the rest of us, clearly letting Maryam and Rafe handle their own business. Hank sighs and closes his eyes, already exhausted by the drama. "Everyone take a few minutes to gather what you need - we'll meet in the Conference room in five
minutes." 
Everyone bustles around, getting things sorted before the meeting, and I turn, slipping my hand into Jackson's and looking up at him. "You want to go to that meeting?"
"Yes," he says on a sigh, looking down at me. "I really, really do."
"Okay, give me the baby," I say, quite happy, reaching for her.
"What?" he breathes. "Ariel, no, you have to come too -"
"Oh, you can fill me in," I say, laughing a little as I take a very happy little Marigold into my arms. "Me and Goldie are gonna go sample some candy, aren't we?"
Marigold laughs and nods to me, probably not understanding what I mean but happy to be on board with the plan.
“Um, actually,” a voice says from the door. I turn, surprised to see Elias there. "Actually could...could I ask some of you to come with me? Cora, Ella? Ariel?"
I gasp a little, realizing that his face is pale and anxious for a reason.
He locks eyes with me as mom and Cora likewise turn towards him with concern. "Yes," he says, swallowing, giving me an anxious nod. "Yes, please come - she's asking for you. It's time."
###Chapter 0954
"Okay!" I say, cheerful and excited, looking down at my mate's little girl. "Change of plans, Goldie! We're going to welcome a new baby into the world!"
Marigold looks up at me with a little frown on her rosebud lips, clearly still not understanding and not particularly liking the face that candy has apparently disappeared from the schedule.
Jesse laughs, stepping closer to me, reaching out for Marigold. "Come on, hand her over. I'll take it from here."
"What?" I ask, willingly handing over Marigold to my cousin but frowning between Jesse and Jacks. "What's happening?"
"She'll be bored to tears waiting for a baby to be born," Jesse says, beaming at Marigold, who smiles at him and whispers his name. "I'll take Golds and Fifs up to Midnight, see if we can't break into the cake stash."
"Jesse, that's too much," Jackson says, stepping forward with a frown. "You'll want to be in on these conversations as well -"
"Oh, you will all just fill me in later!" Jesse says, waving a hand at Jacks as Seraphina comes running over to wrap herself around Jesse's leg, grinning wickedly up at him. "Besides, you know I'm just a grunt, here to take orders."
I laugh at my cousin, knowing he doesn't mean that. But he just shrugs, happy to do the childcare if it frees up our attention.
“Okay,” Jackson says, looking anxiously at Marigold, clearly not wanting to be separated from her even if he fully trusts Jesse to take very good care of his little girl. “Um, is there anything that you -"
"I've been raising kids since I was a child, Jacks!" Jesse says, turning and waving over his shoulder. "I've got this!"
"It's true," I whisper, looking up at my mate. "He's got this."
"Ariel!" mom calls from the door, impatient to go help Pippa.
But even as I start to move I look down, realizing that Seraphina is still there where Jesse apparently left her, looking up at Jackson with interest. “Sera?” I say, crouching down and looking after Jesse, who heads for the door without having noticed his little sister's absence. "You okay, baby?"
Characteristically, Seraphina ignores me, continuing to stare up at Jacks. "Is that your baby?" she asks, pointing a finger after Marigold.
Jackson smirks a little, crouching down in front of our littlest Sinclair. "Yes," he replies, simple and calm.
Seraphina narrows her eyes. "Who gave you a baby?"
Jackson's smirk spreads into a wide grin. "It's a long story."
"But you're just a puppy,” Seraphina whispers, looking him over, trying to put the pieces together. "Puppies don't have pups..."
"I don't know what to tell you, kid," Jackson says, heaving a big shrug. "She's mine."
"Okay," Seraphina snaps, narrowing her eyes again and pointing to her chest, "but she's my best friend."
I burst out laughing, delighted. Jackson just grins too, not really getting it, glancing at me.
“Sera, I think Marigold can be both," I say gently, wrinkling my nose at my little cousin. "Jackson's pup and your best friend."
"Okay,” Sera says, backing away a step and half turning towards the door, her eyes still narrowed at us like she's not sure that it's true and she's ready to fight for her claim if it's not.
"Fifs!" Jesse barks from the door, Marigold still perched on his arm, frowning in after his sister who he probably just realized wasn't with him. "Hop to it, kid!" He points at the ground next to him, his command clear.
Seraphina laughs like a wild thing, dashing off towards her brother, who grins and pretends to give her a kick on the rear as she runs past him. I taugh and stand, glancing at mom, who grins after Sera but is clearly still waiting for me. 
“You good?” I ask Jacks, slipping my hands behind my back and looking up at him
as he, too, stands.
"Don't look at me all worried like that,
me
tiny," Jackson says, stroking a hand over my hair and smirking down
Lat
me. "I'm good. Keep in touch?" he
says, tapping his temple, a little
request for me to send him updates if anything changes. 
"Yes, baby,” I say, standing on my toes, begging for a kiss.
My mate sweetly complies, pressing his lips quickly to mine before we go our separate ways. I give a little skip of excitement as I dash towards my mom at the door. "Come on!" I say, darting past her. "Let's go see a baby!" 
###Chapter 0955
"How dare you, Jesse Sinclair," Midnight says, standing with her feet wide apart in front of her yurt, hands on her hips, glaring hard up at her mate. "You know the
rules. No! Pups!"
"Oh, come on, Mids," Jesse says, grinning and gesturing towards Marigold, who is still perched on his arm. "She's starving. She wants some cake!"
"Cake," Marigold whispers, nodding slowly. Jesse grins, appreciating that Marigold is on his side despite the fact that she probably doesn't know what that word
means.
Midnight narrows her eyes at the new little girl like she appreciates the cake argument. But then she shakes her head. "No way. That one," she says, pointing to Marigold, "seems quite calm. But that one," she says, shifting her finger to Seraphina standing next to Jesse, "is a terror!"
Seraphina smiles wickedly, showing all her teeth, confirming Midnight's assessment.
"No way!" Midnight says, slicing her hand hard through the air.
"Midnight," Jesse says, his voice even. "We'll go if you want. But I'll be disappointed in you if you turn this little girl away. She's brand new," he says, gesturing up at Marigold's adorable little face. "And she's hungry!"
Midnight sighs, finally persuaded. She has a good heart, after all, and
understands the ills of hunger. She stalks three steps forward, standing on her toes so that her eyes are nearly level with Marigold's. "Are you going to mess with my stuff?"
Marigold's eyes go wide and, surprised, she quickly shakes her head.
Satisfied, Midnight lowers her heels and turns to glare at Seraphina. "Are you!?” "No Miss Midnight," Seraphina says, tucking her hands behind her back in her best impression of a sweet and obedient child. "I'll be good."
Midnight sighs, narrowing her eyes again and Sera and putting her hands back on her hips. "Fine," she snaps. "You can come in. But I reserve the right to kill you -"
"Midnight!" Jesse snaps.
"Fine!" Midnight sighs. "Kick you out! If you are bad!"
Seraphina screeches with delight at being finally allowed into the forbidden yurt
and darts inside, gasping in delight when she sees how cool it is.
"Not so fast!" Midnight shouts, darting in after her. "No running!"
A crash sounds from inside.
"Oh dear,” Jesse says, grimacing and looking at Marigold. "Shall we join them?"
Marigold laughs and smacks Jesse eagerly on the chest, nodding. He grins at the little girl, wondering how it's possible for Jackson's features to be so cute on a little
three-year-old, and ducks into the yurt 
QUMS
He laughs immediately, putting Marigold down, watching as Midnight tries to snatch at all her books, holding them out of Seraphina's grasp. Sera laughs with delight, jumping up, trying to get at them.
"Jesse!" Midnight growls between her teeth, glancing over at him. "Contain this beast you call a sister!"
"Sera, be cool," Jesse calls, sitting himself down and leaning back on his hands. "Marigold told me she wants to play dress-up with Midnight's clothes - can you show her how?"
Sera's eyes light with delight and she waves to Marigold, darting over to corner of the yurt where all of Midnights new clothes spill out of several trunks. Marigold dashes over with her, delighted.
Midnight starts to protest, chasing after them, but Jesse grabs her wrist, tugging her back, laughing.
"Let them, Mids, they can't hurt yo clothes and you keep them all in a heap anyway so it's not like
they'll
get out of order. They only want to
play - they're just little girls."
"Little demons," Midnight snarls, glaring over at Seraphina and Marigold as they sort through all her stuff.
"Sure, little demons, but very ineffectual at tearing garments. Come on, just relax."
Midnight sighs but does as she's
bid, sinking down to the floor next to
Jesse and wrapping her arms
around her legs, resting her chin on
her knees. She keeps her eyes on
the girls. “Jackson's pup looks a lot like him." 
"Doesn't she?" Jesse says, grinning and looking over at the pair. "She's really sweet."
Midnight hums consideringly, glancing up at Jesse. "And you don't find them annoying?"
Jesse grins at his mate. "I'm used to the chaos, Mids. I think they're funny. But it's fine if you find them annoying - plenty of people aren't crazy about kids."
Midnight hums again, turning her face back, clearly putting her thoughts together.
Jesse watches her quietly, wondering if she'll ever truly change her mind about wanting kids.
Wondering if he wants her to.
###Chapter 0956
The next few minutes pass calmly, the girls getting lost in their games, Jesse splitting a can of orange soda between him and Midnight, pouring some into a glass for her and taking the can for himself. Then he sighs, leaning back on his hand, studying his mate.
"What?" Midnight asks, taking a sip of her drink before resting her cheek on her knee.
"You just look...better, Mids," Jesse says, his eyes moving over her. "You've put on some weight. You look healthy. It makes me happy."
She narrows her eyes. "Are you going to try to seduce me now?"
He laughs, shaking his head. "No, I didn't mean it like that."
"Good," she murmurs, turning her face away, again watching the girls like a little dragon that has unwillingly let intruders into her cave and isn't happy about it. "I'm not doing any of the romance stuff. Gross."
"No worries," Jesse says on a sigh, searching his heart. But still, even as he does, he realizes with a rather strong assurance that even if Midnight is his mate, and even if he can admit that she's a beautiful girl, he is...still not attracted to her. Not in that way.
His wolf turns in his soul, anxious and confused, not getting it. Shouldn't he be attracted to her, if she's his mate?
Maybe it doesn't work like that, his wolf says, pacing back and forth. Ariel said she had a stronger sexual connection with Jackson than Luca...
Yeah, Jesse murmurs inwardly. But she still made out with Luca. A lot. She was still attracted to him.
Maybe our relationship is different, his wolf says with what can best be described as a wolfish little shrug. Maybe it reflects what she needs, which is less passion and more...companionship.
Jesse's wolf shifts his gaze, looking towards the space where the bond would be if Jesse accepted it, beyond which they can still see Midnight's poor little wolf, still stuck in that oil, panting, her eyes lit with that manic glow.
Or maybe, his wolf says, hesitating, maybe things would be different if she wasn't corrupted.
Jesse hums aloud, considering. Wondering.
"Oh, just tell me," Midnight says, rolling her eyes.
Jesse blinks back to the moment, shifting his gaze to her. "What?"
"I can feel you thinking about me," she says on a huffy sigh. "What is it you want to say?"
Jesse smiles, pleased again with his mate's quick wits.
"I'm just curious if you meant what you said," Jesse says, shrugging one
shoulder and lifting his can of soda
to his lips, taking a sip. "About wanting to enroll in Alpha Academy in the fall? And coming this spring, to help watch Marigold and study as much as you can?" 
"Yes," Midnight says, sitting up straight and setting back her shoulders. "I meant it.
I want to be a spy like Ariel - I think I would be a great spy, better than her. Don't you try to stop me!"
Jesse grins at his ferocious little mate. "I'm not trying to stop you. I'm on board," he says, truly meaning it. "But, I mean, you know that Daphne still works there, right?"
Midnight's eyes go wide, her jaw drop ng open. "You dare to mention the whore!?" she hisses, her eyes darkening, shadows immediately beginning to seep from her skin.
Jesse waves the shadows away like smoke, glancing over at the little girls, not wanting them to be afraid. But they continue their games, giggling and trying on different clothes, oblivious.
"She's not a whore, Mids -"
"She is a whore!" Midnight hisses, livid.
"Midnight," Jesse snaps, more serious and stern than he usually is. "She's a seamstress, all right? And a lovely person. And she works at Alpha Academy. If you come with us and enroll, she'll probably be making your damn clothes!"
Midnight's brow furrows, her fangs lengthening as she becomes the terror of nightmares she was when Jesse first met her. Jesse smiles a little, almost fond now of the horrible sight will never wear a stich that the whore crafts for me – she will sew poison into the seams - she will spin her whore magic -" 
"Oh, for heavens' sake, Mids," Jesse says, laughing a little, wrapping the shadows that drift towards him around his hand and then pulling them into himself. "Cut the dramatics. This is just a fact of Academy life - Daphne's going to be there, and you're going to have to be nice to her." 
Some of Midnight's shadows clear as she realizes they're having no effect on Jesse. They continue to waft around her even as her face returns to normal. “Can't you just take her job away?" she says, pouting darkly.
Jesse frowns at Midnight. "I'm not taking away a young woman's career just because you don't like her, Midnight."
"She makes me uncomfortable!" Midnight snaps.
"You don't even know her!" Jesse returns, leaning towards his mate. "Honestly, Mids, you're being unfair."
###Chapter 0957
Midnight grumbles something about not wanting to be fair, turning her face away from him.
Jesse sighs, not enjoying making her unhappy but knowing that it all needs to be said. “And,” he continues. "While I want you to enroll if that's what will make you happy, I have to say - I don't think Uncle Dom is going to be thrilled about having a young woman corrupted by Darkness within his Academy and his military."
Midnight snaps her head to him, her mouth open. "What!?"
Jesse shrugs. "Darkness has a hold on you, Mids," he says. "I don't honestly know what that means, but if there's a chance that Darkness can control you? Or see through your eyes -"
"He can't see through my eyes," she mutters, rolling them.
"Are you sure?" Jesse asks, leaning closer.
Midnight stills, her face falling, making it abundantly clear that she...is not sure.
"Darkness is our enemy right now, Midnight," Jesse says softly. "I don't know what's fully going on, but he was clearly using Atalaxia to attack us as the Goddess's children and heirs. And now that Atalaxia is gone he's going to find some new method to do it. Maybe the Community or maybe..."
"Maybe me..." Midnight whispers, horrified. She starts to rock back and forth, uncomfortable, her shadows swirling.
Jesse lets her sit in it for a moment, putting a hand out on her shoulder, wanting her to feel that he's on her side.
To his surprise, Midnight fixes her eyes on the little girls across the yurt, on their laughter and play. She watches them for what feels like a long time, her mind clearly working on the problem, on her priorities, on what she wants for her life.
She turns her head back to Jesse, her eyes sad and worried. "I don't want anyone in my family to get hurt because of my powers," she whispers quietly.
Jesse nods, his heart aching for her, squeezing her shoulder in his palm.
"But," she continues, her voice wavering. "I...don't want to give up my powers, Jess. I...don't know who I am without my powers. I don't want to be weak." Tears fill her eyes.
Jesse sighs, his heart breaking for her, and he scootches closer to Midnight, gathering her up in his arms and pulling her into his lap, cradling her close to his chest. "You'll still be Midnight," he
ovel
murmurs, pressing a kiss to her dark curls. "We'll still love you precisely as much." 
"But I won't be powerful," she whines, desperately sad.
"Are you sure?" Jesse asks, considering it, pressing his cheek against her hair. "Mids, how much of your powers are...your gift? How much are a result of the corruption?"
She goes a bit still. "What are you talking about?"
Jesse sighs and then begins to speak his thoughts aloud as he thinks them, musing on Gabriel's ability to use his powers even after Ariel cleared him of his darkness thoughin a different, lesser form. “I just wonder if the same would be true for you," Jesse murmurs. "If you'd actually lose anything. Or if....it
would just be different."
"I don't want less power," Midnight says, frightened. "I don't want to be weak."
"There are other ways to be strong," Jesse says softly. He lifts his head, putting a hand on Midnight's shoulder to push her back a bit so that he can look into his face. "And your wolf, Mids- she's...suffering." He turns inward again, his wolf howling to see hers still stuck in that oily muck, unable to move or to play, her breathing labored. "What would you gain if she was free?" 
"I don't know," Midnight says, a little whine in her voice. "Jesse, I don't know - it's all so scary..."
He hums in agreement, not wanting to push her. It's her choice, after all - her body, her magic, her wolf, her life.
After a moment, he tries one last foray. "Do you think," he murmurs. "That if I got Ariel up here just to talk to you about the possibility of clearing your corruption... do you think you'd talk to her about it?"
"I don't want to be forced to do anything," Midnight growls, sniffing hard. "You said you wouldn't force me, Jesse."
"And I won't," he whispers, holding her close. "I promise, Mids. Just...please talk to her. Maybe she can tell you what would happen. I want you to know all of your options. And then you can decide."
She sighs, leaning hard against him. "All right," she says, her voice barely audible as she closes her eyes, trusting him. "All right, Jesse. I'll talk to her."
"Thank you," Jesse says, wrapping his arms around Midnight and holding her close. Inwardly his wolf stands straight, shaking out his fur, determined to do as best as he can by this girl.
To help her live her life as she chooses, whatever that looks like.
###Chapter 0958
"Okay, okay,” I say, smiling at Pippa, giving her hand one last squeeze. "Good luck, Pips! I'll be right outside the door!"
Pippa gives me a nod and a smile, her face flushed and sweaty. She squeezes my hand back. "See you in a minute, Ari," she says, turning away to Elias and my mom and Cora – Alpha, magical healer, and OBGYN - who will be staying in the room for the birth.
I sigh, stepping away, biting my lip, desperately wanting to stay -
"Out, Ari," mom says, flashing me a grin and pointing towards the door as Cora leans towards Pippa with a watch in her hand, timing her contractions and murmuring to her that it's time to push.
"Oh fine!" I sigh, scowling at my mother and turning towards the door, flouncing out with a pout readily on my mouth. I sigh, pulling the door shut behind me, knowing that my presence isn't necessary but really, really wanting to be there.
"How is she?"
I jump a little, turning in surprise to the croaking voice, my eyes widening in surprise when I see Mark and Benny sitting on the hallway floor, each of them looking mildly miserable and worried.
"She's fine," I say, flashing a smile at Ben. But then I turn to Mark and frown. "What on earth are you still doing here?" I ask, crossing the hall and squeezing in between them.
Mark sighs, scootching to the side a little bit to make room for me. "Don't ask, Ari, okay?" he murmurs, looking down at his knees, clearly miserable.
I just stare at him, baffled, but Ben gives me a little nudge with his elbow.
I spin to my friend, confused, but he just shakes his head gently at me, urging to do as Mark asks. I frown at Ben, not getting it, spinning my head back to Mark because -
I mean, why the hell does Mark even care!? Ben's presence and worry I get - this
is his mate's first child. But Mark looks almost green with worry-
Seriously, why on earth would he be this worried about a girl he hardly knows!?
But suddenly my eyes go wide, my wolf leaping to her feet because -
But no way -
No way -
It's...not my baby Markie, he's just a baby...and Pippa of all people -
Ben elbows me again, sharper this time, and by instinct I spin my head back to
him with a scowl. Because, honestly, that kind of hurt.
But Ben shakes his head more vehemently this time, intuiting what I've intuited and letting me know that it is not going to be helpful to for me to interrogate him at this
moment. I sigh, masterful net
my curiosity away and simply putting a hand out on Mark's knee, letting him feel my support even as I force myself to keep my attention on Ben. 
Honestly, I'm very impressed with myself at the moment, I am rarely capable of such restraint.
But for Markie, my baby? For him, I can do it.
"Anyway,” I say, clearing my throat and keeping my focus on Ben's face. He grins at me, seeing the effort it's taking. "Pippa's fine. She's going to start pushing now."
A huffy little worried moan breaks from Mark but I manage to ignore him.
"She's amazing," Ben says, looking towards the door. "She's been...so brave, running away from everything she knows and having her baby here."
I murmur my agreements, studying my friend's face, allowing my attention to drift to him - which is easier in this moment than I thought it would be. Suddenly I feel quite guilty, wondering if I've neglected Ben in all of the crazy events that have been happening lately. 
"How are you doing, Benny?" I ask quietly, genuinely wanting to know. "How are...
things? With Elias? And with Pippa?”
He sighs, long and slow, but can't keep the smile off of his face. "It's been
complicated. Amazing but...complicated."
I nod, tilting my head to the side, understanding.
"Elias is in a weird spot," Ben says, shifting his gaze to the door. "I've been trying to be supportive and I hope that I'm succeeding. But we're just so so happy with each other, Ari. Like - he's so great. He's so funny, and strong, and smart, and clever I just...every moment we spend together is amazing." 
###Chapter 0959
I beam at my friend, thrilled for him, and fight heroically against my urge to turn towards Mark's jealous little snarl.
"Is there a but coming?" I ask quietly, intending that it's not all roses.
"Of course there is," Ben says, laughing a little. "My mate - he's married, isn't he? He's got a Luna and a baby. And he and Pippa are incredibly close. Pippa and I... we're jealous of each other, in our own ways. And while we both want Elias to be happy..." he sighs and shakes his head. "We're having trouble...finding our places in each other's lives. It has not been simple."
I hum consideringly, reaching out my other hand to rest on Ben's knee, wanting to support him as well. "Do you think you will find a balance?"
"I think we will," Ben says, nodding to me. "Pippa has...come around to me more. She likes me more than she did at the start, especially as she's come to realize that I'm not trying to take Elias away from her - that I think there's some way we can do this together as some sort of weird...triple parenting," he says, laughing a bit, shaking his head.
Mark snarls again and my wolf howls, desperate to know what the hell is going
on.
"I think that's lovely," I whisper, smiling at him. "Three parents to love her - the baby would be a lucky girl."
"Yeah," Ben says on another sigh, returning his gaze to my face. "But...I think Pips is feeling lonely. Elias used to be all hers, after all, and now his attention is split. I think she's...worried. And feeling alienated and alone."
I sigh, my heart going out to her, and I mentally root myself to the determination to do better by her – to be a better friend. I bite my lip, considering. "Do you think maybe they should come with us to Alpha Academy?" I murmur. "That would make things easier, and then I'd be around so we could hang out, and the sudden demand to accommodate two little girls would make it easier to argue for why the Academy's policies regarding children should change -"
A terrible, rough snarl breaks from Mark at the suggestion and my will breaks. I whip my face to him, my eyes flicking astonished over his angry visage. "What the hell is going on with you, Mark!?"
Mark's mouth flies open to reply -
But suddenly the door opens, and Cora peeks her head out, beaming. "She's here!" Cora says, laughing a little and peering back into the room. "A beautiful little girl, perfectly healthy! Mama's doing well too!" 
QUMS
Mark moans in relief, returning his head to his hands. I just stare between Cora
and him, not knowing what to focus on.
Cora also gives Mark a weird look. "Um, just a few minutes to clean up the baby and then Pippa says you can all meet her - but briefly, okay? The new mom is going to need her rest." 
Ben and I murmur our agreement and Cora nods, ducking back into the room and closing the door.
"Congratulations, papa," I say, laughing a little and leaning over to Ben, pressing a happy kiss to his cheek.
"Thanks, Ari," he murmurs, hugging me close. "It's...a very cool day. Honestly, I'm grateful she's a girl - girls I can handle."
I laugh a bit, knowing that he can. He's got sisters, after all - this is well within his wheelhouse.
The three of us sit quietly for a bit,
our eyes fixed on the door, and I keep glancing at Mark from the corner of my eye - my heart going out to him. Eventually I shift my hand from his knee to his back, petting him in long, slow circles. 
He glances over at me, his face drawn, and gives me a little nod of thanks. I lean against my brother, hoping he knows that whenever he's ready to talk to me... I'll be right here.
Eventually the door opens again and Cora waves a hand magnanimously into the room. "The new Atalaxian Princess awaits!" she says, laughing a bit.
I grin, getting to my feet alongside Ben and Mark. Ben and I eagerly move for the door while Mark hesitantly follows.
###Chapter 0960
Laughing with excitement, I move past Cora into Pippa's room, heading immediately for the new mom. Cora follows behind me, heading to the corner to pack up her doctor's bag.
"Pips!" I say, grinning and reaching for her hand, sitting down on the stool next to her and beaming at her. "How are you? Are you okay?"
"I'm fine," Pippa says, laughing a little. "Relieved that it's done, happy she's here." Her eyes stray over to where Elias is holding a teeny tiny little bundle in his arms, stepping close so Ben can see. My mom stands close by, standing on her toes, peeking down at the little baby like her eyes can't get enough.
"You're magnificent," I sigh, standing to press a kiss to her cheek and likewise looking eagerly over at the baby. "Did you pick out a name?"
"Bianca," Elias says, smiling over at me, pleased and proud. "We've decided to call her Bianca."
"Bianca," I repeat, loving it, grinning down at Pippa. "So...not named after his mother?"
"Well, she may have the lineage of an Atalaxian Princess," Pippa says with a happy sigh, looking up at me. "But she's a little Moon Valley girl now, isn't she? New life, new traditions."
I squeak with joy, loving that, dipping low to give Pippa a huge hug.
"Oh, go," she says, laughing and swatting me away. "I know the baby is the main feature."
I laugh, doing as I'm bid and letting her go, moving quickly over to Elias and Ben and my mom. As I walk I glance to the door, not missing at all that Mark is leaning against the doorjamb, not fully in the room, his worried gaze trained on Pippa.
She glances at him once but then looks away, shifting uncomfortably and returning her eyes to her daughter, all bundled up.
I bite my lip but...I let it stand. After all, they haven't asked for my help. And despite my tendency to meddle...well. It seems to be what Pippa wants, after all, and she gets to be in charge today.
I move towards Mom, Elias and Benny, my arms out. "Gimme,” I say, grinning with abandon.
Ben laughs, shifting little Bianca out of my reach. "No way," he says, shaking his head. "I just got her."
"Oh, you jerk,” I sigh, standing closer, demanding. "As a Princess of this realm, I order you -"
Mom bursts out laughing and gives me a little shove on my shoulder even as Benny laughs, relenting and passing the baby into my arms. My eyes fill with tears the moment my gaze lands on her and I look up at Elias, completely overwhelmed. "She's beautiful, Elias," I whisper. I turn towards Pippa, shaking my head. "Absolutely wonderful." 
Pippa nods eagerly, agreeing with my assessment and I laugh as I look down at the perfect little girl. Her coloring pale-skinned with a dark little patch of hair, her scrunchy little newborn face much more peaceful than I've ever seen. She clenches one tiny fist in front of her apparently already having escaped from her swaddle. 
“Oh, she's going to be a little fighter," I say, desperately proud already. "And smart and clever and funny -"
"Don't flatter the child," Elias says, dry, leaning over me, beaming at his little girl. "She'll get a big head."
"Precisely as I intend," I say with a happy sigh, pressing a kiss to her forehead before handing her back to her dad. "Truly, congratulations," I say, beaming around the room to all of Bianca's collected parents. "She's a wonder."
I turn last to Mark at the door, including him in the group.
Because even if he hasn't said anything yet.
And even if Pippa hasn't acknowledged him...
I see the way his eyes are trained on the bundled little girl.
I sigh, glancing over at Pippa, who still refuses to look at my brother...
...wondering what the hell is happening there.
We spend a few more minutes
admiring the new baby and congratulating Elias and Pippa, but my mom and I see Pippa's energy begin to fade nearly at the same time. Mom catches my eye
gave a happy nod, slipping net
my arm around Ben's elbow. A few words whispered in his ear has him regretfully turning away from his mate's little girl - the little Bianca who is a daughter to Ben now as well, in his heart if not technically by blood. 
With a fond press of Elias's hand, Ben comes with me the door to gather up Mark as well. We call our goodbyes and our congratulations and good lucks to the new parents as Cora and mom gather the new parents close to give final checks and instructions before they can be left alone to rest.
The door swings shut and I sigh with happiness, my arms looped around Ben and Mark's elbows as we three start down the hall. I grin as I glance up at Ben's face and see his proud smile, only slightly tinged with melancholy and jealousy - because I know that were it up to him, he'd have stayed in that room much longer.
###Chapter 0961
But my grin falls when I turn my head to look up at Mark, because that
devastation...it persists.
"Mark," I say quietly, leaning towards him, wanting very much to play the big sister right now.
"Still not yet, Ari," Mark says on a sigh, glancing down at me. He gives his best attempt at a smile, but it fails.
"Okay, then let me get you a drink, little boy," I say, resting my cheek against his
arm.
Ben laughs a little. "He's not a little boy at all, Ari," he says, shaking his head. "He's gigantic - nearly as tall as Rafe and Jacks -"
"Incorrect, Benny," I say, spinning my head to grin at him. "He's just teeny tiny, like me. Come on, both of you - drinks all round."
Ben, Mark, and I head into the family apartments, which are empty, suggesting that the meeting about the Community is still going on. I do as I promised, fetching us a couple of drinks and handing them round, but we're a quiet little group tonight. None of us feels particularly chatty, each of us instead lost in our thoughts about burgeoning parenthood, and the loves of our life, and what on earth the future looks like.
I smirk at Mark and Ben sitting on either sides of the same couch, considering that.....if what I suspect about Markie is true, then he and Ben have a great deal more in common than I ever thought they would. Privately I wish that they would just talk to one another, thinking that they could really be a help to each other. But, not wanting to push it, I just sigh and leave them to their easy silence as both sip calmly at their drinks, lost in thought.
I move to the window, sipping at my own glass of wine, looking out at the beautiful city as dusk falls. I sigh, happy, struck by the beauty of our capital city even as my thoughts turn to the surprising new developments of my life. To Jacks, and sweet little Marigold, and how she fits into our world. Because while it's clear that she slips into the family quiet easily and that everyone has fully embraced her, what does my life look like going forward?
Do we go back to Alpha Academy for our second and final year? How do we manage to balance Marigold's needs with our own responsibilities and ambitions? What am I supposed to do, like, carry her up into the sniper's blind in a sling on my back or something?
I smirk a little at the thought, thinking that Jackson would completely flip about it, when my eye suddenly catches on movement in our courtyard below. My attention immediately shifts, something in my wolf instinct allowing me to focus immediately on the figure that stands in shadow, leaning against a tree. Looking up at this very window.
At me.
And my lips curl quietly into a smile, because even if the figure is indistinct...
I know, instantly, precisely who it is.
"I'm going downstairs for a minute," I murmur, swallowing the rest of my glass of wine down in a single gulp and leaving the glass on the windowsill.
Ben and Mark mumble something
sel
back but I'm already moving, heading for the door, my wolf prowling restlessly in my soul. As hurry down the steps to the first floor, heading for the door that leads directly to that courtyard, I send a pulse down my bond to Jackson, careful to keep it cheerfuPand easy. 
You good? Jackson asks, interested but not worried.
Yup, I say, reaching for the doorknob. Just going outside for a bit of fresh air - the
east courtyard. In case you're looking for me.
Cool, Jacks says, calm and a bit distracted. We're almost done here.
I send a happy little pulse of love back to him in confirmation, even as I push the door open to the courtyard and rush through it. Then I close the bond off - not completely, but numbing it a great deal. 
Because this? This is...just for me.
I slow my steps, slipping my hands behind my back as I walk forward towards the figure who still leans far too casually against the tree. My wolf gives me an anxious nip of warning as I step close, but smooth a hand over her fur. 
Because this one? He can't hurt me. Not anymore.
"Hey, Luca,” I say, smiling slowly up into his gorgeous face.
"Princess," Luca says, one corner of his mouth turning up into a dimpled smirk. "How've you been?"
###Chapter 0962
"I've been really busy," I say, wrinkling my nose at him, unable to help my wide smile. God, he's just...so precisely the same, isn't he? All tall and sexy and confident. “You know, since you left me naked and crying on the floor of your bedroom."
"Aw, come on, Ari," Luca says with a sigh, the smile slipping from his mouth, his head hanging. "You have to start right in with that?”
"Where would you prefer I start?" I ask quietly, not wanting to be cruel but also knowing that Luca has just got...such an easy way of turning things in his favor, of making it easy for me to forget that he's ever done anything wrong, ever.
And it usually starts with that pretty smile.
"How about we start with me apologizing?" he murmurs, lifting his soulful brown eyes to mine.
I quirk an eyebrow, letting him know that might be wise.
"That's the only thing that's been ringing in my head for weeks, after all," he says on a sigh. "It killed me, Ariel – after I left, and had like...eight seconds to think about it. I'm so, so fucking sorry - and then when you got kidnapped from that battlefield? And I wasn't there?" He hangs his head again and I see the true grief and regret that haunts him.
"You didn't look very sorry at the start," I say quietly, crossing my arms over my chest.
"What?" he asks, lifting his head again, confusion bunching his brows.
I smirk a bit. "I saw the tabloids, Luca,"
He groans, turning his head to the side.
I laugh, light and easy. "Oh please, you were basically posing – you knew I'd see the pictures -"
"I so was not -"
"Oh
yes you were," I say on a sigh, grinning at him, unable to help it. "With your shirt just...casually unbuttoned like that?" I roll my eyes, shaking my head at him. “Come on, Luca, I know you - you were never a messy dresser until very recently."
He sighs, caught a bit, lifting his eyes to mine, apology and mischief mingled in them.
"Come on then," I say, lifting my chin towards his chest. "Let's see it."
"Ten seconds into our reunion," he murmurs, shaking his head slowly from side to side. "And you're already trying to get me to take my shirt off?"
I burst out laughing, my hand flashing out to smack him on the chest. "Come on! You got it for me, after all. The least you can do is let me see it."
Luca sighs, putting on a great show

of pretending to be put out by this. But even has he does his fingers move to the buttons of his black shirt, quickly undoing them until he can pull the fabric aside and I can see it there – my name tattooed in flourishing letters across his chest, the A directly over his heart. 
“Well?” he asks, low. "What do you think?"
"It's beautiful work," I say, leaning in to inspect the lettering, which really is lovely. I mean, I'm no tattoo expert, but whoever did it truly did a fine job. I flick my eyes up to Luca with a smirk as I lean back again. "You're such a drama queen." 
It's Luca's turn to laugh now as he lounges again against the tree, not bothering to button his shirt up. Again, deliberate. He gives a casual, handsome shrug, looking like a damn model there against the tree,
Which, I'm well aware, is precisely how he wants to look. 
all-dark and moody and
My handsome mate came to play, as he always does. After all, his looks were always the weapon against which I had the least defense.
"How'd you know I was home?" I ask, tilting my head to the side, studying him. Allowing myself to enjoy this, but not falling into his trap.
"Did you think it was a secret?" Luca asks, quirking an eyebrow at me. "Your fanatical public were dying for news of their lost Princess. And the press did not disappoint."
Luca reaches behind him and pulls, of all things, a tabloid out of his back pocket, holding it out to me. Surprised, mildly delighted, I take it from him, my eyes lighting up when I see the picture on the cover -
Jackson covering my head as I duck into a helicopter outside that rusty old gas station on the borders. The picture is hazy – clearly amateur, obviously taken by that clerk we met. I grin, my eyes drifting over Jackson's powerful form -
God, he does take a good picture -
And then moving to the words across the top of the page.
'Princess Saved by Mystery Hunk!'
I burst out laughing, delighted, clutching the tabloid in my hands.
"I know," Luca says, dry. "Mystery my ass. If they knew Jackson at all they'd have rephrased it. 'Very dull hunk of brick accompanies Princess as she saves herself,'
I think, would be the more accurate title."
I just sigh happily, pressing the magazine to my chest, eager to show it to Jackson. "I'm keeping this," I say, ignoring Luca's jealous little insults. They don't matter anyway.
Luca shrugs, not caring that I keep the magazine. His face falls into more serious lines, though, as he holds my gaze. "You're...all right, though? Atalaxia...they didn't...hurt you?"
###Chapter 0963
"No, they didn't," I say quietly, shaking my head. "I'm good."
"And the pictures of you in a crown..."
I shrug, giving Luca a quick summary of my time, holding out my wrist so he can see Gabriel's mark there too. His eyes widen at first when he sees it and I note, with a bit of a smile, that his fangs extend a little bit, a growl rumbling in his chest. But Luca tucks it all away quite masterfully and I drop my arm, not bothering to mention Jackson's mark.
Because that's clearly visible, isn't it? Just where the curve of my neck meets my shoulder. Luca's eyes flick to it, and then to his own mark high up, beneath my jaw. Except they're different, aren't they? Luca's mark has faded now - just a collection of scars. Jackson's is healed but alive, blushing warm and pink.
Luca sighs, dropping his eyes from my neck, his shoulders slumping. "I'm so, so sorry, Ariel," he says, shaking his head. "I regret...everything, that day. Everything
I did was wrong. I was a...fool and a child. And I'm so incredibly sorry."
"I forgive you,” I say, meaning it, my wolf howling a little to see him in such genuine pain. I care about him, after all – after everything. And he means this apology - we can tell that he does, both by the true grief we can see in him as well as...well, alongside the little pulse of it that I can feel coming down that's left of our bond.
Because it's still there, that little scrap. Not enough, anymore, for us to have a true and vivid connection like we once had. But...still extant. Still my mate, in this tiny
little way.
Luca just shakes his head, I think overwhelmed. I tilt my head to the side, thinking that it's so strange that I...just don't know precisely what he's feeling. When I'm so used to knowing.
"I'm sorry too," I say, reaching for him finally, my hand coming to rest on his forearm.
He lifts his head to look at me. "What?"
"I wasn't as good to you as I could have been, was I?" I whisper, my heart sinking, because I know that it's true.
"Ariel -"
"No," I say, shaking my head. "I mean, what you did was...really shitty, Luca. But I was keeping secrets too. I didn't choose Jackson as you accused me of doing - at least, not at that point. But I was hiding things from you and it wasn't fair. I should have told you that I had lost my virginity. I should have told you that he was sleeping in my bed every night -"
"He was what?” Luca's eyes go wide in appalled shock.
I grin a little and shrug. "The details don't matter."
"Like hell they don't!"
I laugh a bit, shaking my head, wrinkling my nose and taking a step away. "They don't. Not anymore. Just
on from it?"
maybe we can both agree to forgive each other? Move
"Yes," Luca breathes, taking a step towards me, reaching for me again. "Ariel, yes - if we could that would be amazing -"
"You're really important to me Luca," I say quietly, holding my ground. "I always want you in my life. I think that given time there's space here for a beautiful friendship."
Luca stops in his tracks, narrowing his eyes at me, straightening up and slipping his hands in his pockets probably to avoid grabbing me. "So that's where this is going? You're friend-zoning me, Ariel?" 
I wrinkle my nose at him and smile. "Oh no, Luca, I think that you'll find that you friend-zoned me."
"I never -"
"You rejected me, Luca!" I say, laughing and shaking my head at him. "You broke our bond -"
"I held onto it -"
"You broke it," I say, staying firm even under the weight of his desperation when my first instinct is, as it always is, to say whatever it is that will make him happy.
"Ariel," he breathes, shaking his head at me, begging.
"When someone tells me they don't want to be with me," I say quietly. "I have enough self-respect to take them at their word and let them walk away."
"But I came back," he whispers, shaking his head.
I shrug, not giving into it. "It's done. Besides," I say, glancing over my shoulder. "I've made my choice. And got a new cute little family now to boot." My eyes travel upwards to the window to my family room where a figure looms in the window, a little gir held high in his arms, both of them peering down at us one curious, one grim. 
I break into a grin at the sight of my sweetheart mate, all murdery and livid at Luca but still letting me deal with this myself. I give a little wave and, to my delight, Marigold waves Po
back. 
Luca leans forward, peering up wards as well, unphased by the silent threat of Jackson standing there, all tense and lethal. “Who is that little kid?"
"Jackson's daughter." I turn back to Luca, pleased, wanting to see his reaction.
"Wha-“ Luca says, the word falling out on a appalled exhale of breath. "Where the hell did Jackson get a daughter!?"
###Chapter 0964
"Oh, come on, Luc," I say, laughing a little, delighted at the shock on his face. "Of my three mates, you were never the one who I thought needed the 'where do babies come from' chat -"
"Who the hell was he sleeping with!?" Luca whispers, shocked, still staring up at Jackson and his little girl in the window. Luca runs a mystified hand through his hair. "He's such - he's so awkward - how did he get a girl -"
"He's also insanely hot," I point out, raising my brows at him. "I don't think it's very hard for him."
Luca scowls a little, snapping his eyes back to mine. "He's not that good looking."
I just lift a hand to tap at the magazines still pressed to my chest. "The people are with me on this one, Luca. Jackson's a babe."
Luca ignores this very valid point. "Is that - is that like his biological kid!? Or did he just like, snag one off the street -"
"Please, he's not my mom," I say, rolling my eyes. "She's his! That's his daughter, Marigold. She's great!"
Luca's eyes flash back to me. "She's great!?"
I raise an eyebrow at him, challenging him to try that again.
"I mean, I'm sure...she's a great kid," Luca says, shaking his head as if to clear it. "But Ariel, you can't tell me that you're actually happy about this -"
"Why not!?" I scoff, kind of appalled at his reaction.
"Because because that's someone else's kid, Ariel!" he says, taking a step closer, shaking his head at me like I'm a little crazy. "Now Jackson's what, a dad? And you have to change your whole life to accommodate that!?"
"He's my mate, Luca," I say, my voice deepening as I start to get mad. "What did you expect I'd do, just kick him out the door at the first big challenge? I love him, of course I'm going to welcome his daughter into my family!"
"You deserve better," Luca snaps, shaking his head and crossing his arms, standing up to his full height. "You shouldn't have to raise someone else's kid just because Jackson made some kind of youthful mistake."
"The only mistake here, Luca," I say, quite low, my magic beginning to simmer in my heart. "Is you thinking that it won't be the honor of my life to raise Marigold at Jackson's side."
"Ariel," Luca says, leaning closer and reaching for me with both hands. My glare stops him before he touches me and his arms fall to his sides. Still, he persists, holding my gaze steadily. "I'm serious - you deserve your own family without these complications!" He shakes his head, pressing a hand to his chest. "Come with me - you want kids? Let's have kids! But they'll be our kids – kids produced from a goddess-blessed bond - we'll be so happy -" 
"Or," I say, tilting my head to the side, ironic. "If I want goddess-blessed
kids, why don't I just go back to Atalaxia and take Gabriel up on the same offer? Be his Queen and have a whole bunch of Princes and Princesses with pretty black hair and blue eyes!" 
Luca scowls as he stands straight, as he realizes that his offer to me is not as unique or shining as he thought it was.
"If you think the problem here is that I don't understand my options, Luca," I say, stepping towards him and tilting my chin up as I hold his gaze. "Then you're very mistaken. I choose Jackson. I choose that little girl."
I point solidly up to the window, where I can feel Jackson still standing, steady
and...well, not precisely patient. But enduring.
"They're mine," I say, firm. Possessive. Right.
Luca just sighs, hanging his head for a long, long moment.
I let Luca take the time and space to think, dropping my hand. As I do my anger floods from me and my wolf presses herself warm against my heart. Because it's hard - all of this is hard. Luca is right – it is a surprise and a challenge to have Marigold show up on my door. 
But his suggestion that I should walk away from her, that there's a child that I might want more?
God, it just solidifies for me, in my heart, precisely how much I really want her.
"Where does this leave us?" Luca whispers, raising a hand to his face, pinching the bridge of his nose between his fingers like he does when he has a headache.
And my heart goes out to him too because...well, he broke our bond. And I came out of it whole and strong. And he...
###Chapter 0965
He has much less, doesn't he?
"It leaves us as friends, Luca," I say quietly, meaning it very much. He lifts his eyes to me with a sigh. "We...start over from there. See where it goes." I smirk a bit. "I still own half your gym, after all."
He huffs a laugh, looking to the side. "I know. My uncle is pissed."
"Your uncle is a dick," I say, dry. Luca laughs harder at this, turning that gorgeous smile on me. And, as usual, my stomach flips a bit at the sight. "Are you coming back to school?"
He shrugs, clearly implying that he's unsure.
"Think about it," I say on a long exhale. "And...we'll go from here. But I'm sorry, Luca. And I forgive you and I care about you a great deal. I'm...very happy that you came today."
"Yeah," he says on a sigh, slipping his hands into his pockets, regret taking his features as I take a step away. "I'm glad too."
"I'll see you soon?"
He shrugs, tacitly agreeing to it but unhappy that this apparently didn't go as planned. "I love you, Ariel."
I give him my best smile - a true one, not a Princess Ariel smile. "I love you too, Luca. Just...in a different way, now."
He sighs as I turn away, clutching the magazine to my chest and hurrying into the palace. As soon as I get inside I turn my mind away from Luca, knowing I've got more important things to deal with right now. I rush up the stairs, eager as hell to find my mate and fill him in, to assure him that everything is fine.
When I hurry into the living room my eyes quickly sweep around, taking in Rafe, Mark, and Ben sitting around the coffee table with Jesse, a sleeping Seraphina sprawled chaotically over his lap. My cousin grins at me as I immediately stride across the room, heading for the hall and my room beyond.
"Hey, cuz,” Jesse says, grinning wickedly at me. "What have you been up to?"
"Try me not, fiend!" I call to him over my shoulder, lifting a hand and letting a bit of my blue fire burn there. "I've gotta go find my mate!"
"Hey, what was that magazine?" Rafe calls after me, cheerful and entertained. "Seriously, who's the mystery hunk!? Is it me!?"
I ignore them all, darting down the hall and working to steady my breath as I push open the door to my room. My eyes move
immediately to the big Alpha sitting
on
the edge of the teeny tiny bed in
the corner of the room, stroped in
hand over the hair of the little girl who struggles to keep her eyes open. 
his
"Hi," I whisper, instantly becoming
softer as I realize that Jackson wasn't avoiding me - it's just that Marigold, like Seraphina, is exhausted and needed to go to bed. Relief flies through me as I push the door shut behind me and cross to them, only wondering for half a second how a kid bed got in here when neither of us were here all day. 
Because mom did it. Of course she did. My wonderful, sweet, thoughtful mom.
"Hey," Jackson says, reaching for me, pulling me close and letting out a possessive little growl as he does. I grin at that, liking it very much that he perhaps wasn't completely immune to the sight of me speaking with Luca.
I slip onto my mate's lap, running a hand through his hair and pressing a kiss to his cheek, taking a moment to let my eyes move over his face. But he sends a calming pulse down the bond, letting me know that it's all okay. I smile at him, loving him a great deal and letting him feel it. I kiss him again, on the mouth this time, and then turn my attention to the sleepy little girl. 
"Hey, Goldie," I whisper, moving from Jackson's lap to the bed next to her, laying
my body horizontal and propping myself up on my elbow, laying the magazine face-down next to me. "Did you have a busy day?"
"Yes," she whispers, happy and sleepy, looking up at me. "Ariel."
"Yeah, that's me," I whisper, laughing a bit, reaching out to pet her little dark head. "You feeling sleepy?"
She nods, taking a deep breath. "Can Fifi come tomorrow?"
I laugh lightly, delighted at their growing friendship. I glance at Jacks, who shrugs, letting me know he has no idea what the plans are. "We'll see. Hey, I brought you an amazing story book," I say, grinning wickedly, turning the tabloid over and handing it to her.
Jackson leans forward, confused and curious.
###Chapter 0966
"You're going to love it -" I say, grinning at Marigold, who sits up, as intrigued as her dad. "It's called Mystery Hunk saves -"
"Give me that " Jackson snarls, snatching for it. But I burst out laughing, pressing it closer to Marigold instead.
"It's her present, Jacks, you can't take away her present -"
"Dad!" Marigold bursts out, desperately pleased, pointing at the image of her father on the front of the magazine.
"Oh my god, Marigold," Jackson groans, leaning far over and reaching for it. But when his fingers curl around it Marigold gasps, clutching it to her.
"My mystery hunk!" Marigold protests, her eyes going big and round with worry. "Yeah, Jacks!” I say, cackling a bit with glee, grinning at my mate. "It's her book!"
Jackson sighs and releases the magazine, letting her have it. "I'm taking that back the moment you learn how to read, Marigold."
She brushes that point aside, smiling down at the magazine. "Mystery hunk." "Yes, that's daddy!" I say, laughing, a little delighted. "What a great story!"
"You'll pay for this," Jackson sighs, turning his eyes to me.
My grin widens as I crawl closer to him, snuggling up and letting him pull me into his lap. "I'd better," I murmur, passing him a sultry little pulse down the bond. He laughs at that, low and deep, pulling me close to his chest.
"You good?" he murmurs, pressing a kiss to my cheek just below my ear.
"I'm amazing," I whisper, turning my face and pressing a kiss to his mouth in turn
- much more chaste than I'd like it to be, for Marigold's sake.
I end the kiss quickly, turning my eyes back to the little girl as she flips through the pages of the magazine, fascinated, squeaking happily when she finds more pictures of her dad somewhere in the middle.
"I'll tell you everything," I say softly, glancing up at my mate. "But... let's put her to bed first, okay?"
"Sounds good to me," Jackson says, giving me a squeeze. Then together we lean forward to Goldie, telling her the story of the Mystery Hunk that we make up as we go, doing our best to make it make sense
pretty astoundingly. But Me
alongside the pictures and failing
doesn't care, laughing softly at us before her eyes slip shut and her cheek rests softly against the pillow, falling quickly asleep, her little hand flat on the open pages of the tabloid. 
"She's so perfect," I whisper, leaning forward to brush a soft finger across the swell of her lovely little cheek.
"Yeah, she really is," Jackson sighs. I turn to smile at him, loving how much he loves her already, how easily he's fallen into his new role. "She's a miracle."
"So are you, Jackson," I whisper, sitting up, reaching for him.
Jackson gives a quiet little snarl, bundling me up in his arms and standing as he grabs the baby monitor, accomplishing it all in one sweeping move. "Come on, Tiny," he says, nudging his nose against mine. "Food first, then you tell me everything that jackass said to you in the courtyard, then I'm taking you to bed too."
I bite my lip, swinging my legs a little in anticipation, my stomach fluttering with happiness as my mate carries me from the room.
Jackson carries me through the
living room and we give a little wave
to the boys who are gathered there, but I murmar him to keep going, wanting privacy tonight. Following my directions, Jackson carries me to one of the dining rooms very close to the family apartments. This dining room is my favorite because it's so tiny and cozy - really only suitable for two or three people. Mom and dad use it for their date nights, or for one-on-one meals with each of us kids. 
I use an intercom to call a request for some simple food down to the kitchens and then settle in close to
my mate, filling him in on bee
that happened in the courtyard.
Jackson listens quietly but intently, nodding along, only snarling softly to vent his anger about Luca's
behavior. But as I tell him everything that happened over the next twenty
or so minutes until the food is
delivered, keeping absolutely nothing back. 
And as we begin to eat the simple but full charcuterie board, I can't keep my smile from growing. Because even though I can feel that Jackson is unhappy about Luca's audacity in coming here, trying to start things with me again, he never, not once, directs a single ounce of anger, or distrust, or hesitation towards me.
Instead, my sweetheart mate only listens and trusts, knowing with his whole self that I'd never betray him. Not even for a moment does Jackson begrudging me my right to speak alone to anyone on earth - even Luca or Gabriel - because Jackson trusts in me, believes in us.
And if anything, my love for him only grows richer and deeper in this moment. My Jackson - he's all warmth and support. I steel my heart again in my determination to do everything I can in this world to deserve him.
"Luca Grant," Jackson murmurs, reaching across the table for a slice of apple and cheese as he shakes his head with a bit of bafflement. "He should bottle and sell his confidence. He'd make a fortune."
###Chapter 0967
"If he could," I sigh, pulling a grape off a stem and popping it into my mouth. "His uncle probably would have already done it." I pause a moment, looking my mate up and down. "So, you're okay with all of that? The whole conversation?"
Jackson shrugs. "Rafe said Luca came around and was all contrite when we were in Atalaxia. I don't like that he was hiding out in the courtyard like a coward. I didn't like the sight of you standing alone with him after he hurt you -"
"But "I protest, sitting straight.
Jackson puts up a hand, smirking at me, silently begging me to let him finish. I grin and sit back. "But," he says, putting steady emphasis on the word. "You're a powerful goddess. You can handle yourself. So, yes, Ariel, I'm good with it. As long as you are."
"Yeah, I am too,” I say quietly, beaming at him.
Jackson leans forward, capturing my hand, pressing a kiss to my knuckles. "The conversation was inevitable. And he'll try it again. You just let me know if I ever need to come in and smack him. You know I'd only be pleased to so."
I grin at Jacks and nod, stretching my hands above my head and yawning.
We spend a little more time just like that - quietly talking together, turning over the events of the past few days, adjusting to our new roles. Eventually we find ourselves curled up in the little loveseat in the corner of the room, sitting quietly, passing emotions passively back and forth down the bond as we sort through our thoughts.
I sip my second glass of wine, my mouth turning slightly down in a frown, my eyes distant as I get a bit lost in my thinking.
"What is it?" Jackson murmurs, pressing a kiss to my hair.
"Hmm?" I say, jumping a little, turning my face to him.
"You're...unsettled," he murmurs, tightening his arms around me, pulling me more completely into his lap so that we're face to face again. "You can talk to me about it, if you want to."
I sigh, thinking that...yes. That I have a question for him, and even if I haven't figured out quite how to phrase it, I may as well ask. I finish my glass of wine and put the glass on the floor before slinging my arms around Jackson's neck, looking him steadily in the eye.
"Jacks," I say, quiet. "I didn't like it, at all, when Luca suggested that I wouldn't, or shouldn't, want to raise Marigold with you because she's not the result of a goddess-blessed bond. It gave me...a very bad feeling in my stomach."
Jackson hums, considering it, watching me carefully. "Why didn't you like it?"
I sigh, my shoulders slumping. "Because it was mean. Because it implied that Marigold is...lesser. Than our other children will be."
Jackosn quirks an eyebrow. "We'll have other children?"
My face bursts into a grin. "You think we won't?"
"Ariel," he replies, laughing a little and leaning towards me. "I cannot emphasize
to you enough how little thought I have given to the question of whether or not you and I will have kids -"
"What!?" I screech, even as I laugh.
He laughs along with me. "It's not a
no, Ariel - I just haven't thought
tel
about it for heaven's sake, I just, found out how kids are made like eight months ago, after I already had one, apparently. I am... behind on these conversations." 
"Well, we're having them, Jacks,” I say, a bit of a snarl in my voice, even as I smile
at him. "And if you give me any flack about it I'll go full Midnight and demand eighteen pups -"
Jackson bursts out laughing at this, pulling me close, shaking his head. "Please," he says. "You're you're trying to kill me with that - I'm stil adjusting to one. Hypothetical can do, but don't hit me with a number like eighteen right now, okay?" 
"Okay," I whisper, smiling at him and brushing my thumb slow over his cheek, across the soft hair of his beard. "But...I do want more kids, Jacks. Some day. Hypothetical."
"All right, Ariel," he murmurs, leaning forward, pressing a kiss to my mouth. "You got it. Are you still upset?"
I sigh, brought back to earth a bit by
ре
the question, and nod. I lean back against his arm, dropping my face a bit and biting my lip. "I am," I say, nodding, sure of it now. "Because ...I hate the idea that people even beyond Luca will think that Marigold will be different than our other kids. Even potentially lesser. And worse, I never, ever want her to think that." 
"So, what do we do?" Jackson asks, his voice genuinely wondering. "She...she will be slightly different, Ariel. She has a different history, a different starting point. We can't change that."
"Well," I say quietly, hesitant, raising my eyes to his. "What...what would you say to the idea that I...that I become her mother?"
Jackson just stares at me, shocked.
###Chapter 0968
I wait for a second, grimacing a bit, watching Jackson's face for a reaction. But he just stares at me, completely blank.
"I'm sorry," I whisper, shaking my head, reaching for him. "I'm sorry, Jacks - I didn't mean anything bad by it -"
"No, Ariel..." he replies, blinking out of his frozen state and clearing his throat. "I just I just don't understand -"
I frown at him, not getting what he doesn't get.
He narrows his eyes and leans closer to me. "How...how would you become her mother?"
"Well," I say, twisting my fingers together, feeling tense. "I would...adopt her. Legally, she would be mine as well as yours - I'd have all the rights as her mother and she as my daughter. And there's a ceremony that you can perform at the Temple before the Goddess's sacred pool - people do it all the time when they adopt kids. You ask the Goddess to bless the union so that the child is spiritually yours, as well as legally."
Jackson continues to just stare at me, though I can see his mind at work now, putting it all together.
I do my best to give him a moment to think, but eventually I can't bear the silence anymore, guilt and worry rushing through me. "And I'd never want to replace Tasha -" I say softly, all in a rush. "We wouldn't like - erase her memory, or pretend that she's not real, or keep anything a secret from Marigold - we can find ways to honor Tasha and find ways to help Marigold remember her first mom."
Jackson sighs, his head dropping like he hadn't even considered that point.
"But if...if Marigold has someone in her life who desperately wants to be her mother," I whisper, lifting a hand to cup Jackson's cheek, hope and love surging through my chest. "Then a mother is a wonderful thing to have. And I really... really want to be her mom, Jacks."
Jackson raises his eyes to mine and as soon as I see the wetness of his lower lashes tears spring to my eyes as well.
"Ariel," Jackson says, shaking his head, disbelieving that such a thing can be true. "It's it's so much to ask of you -"
"But you didn't ask," I reply, shaking my head, smiling at him even as tears streak down my cheek. "I asked. And if you say no I'll understand. But...I really hope you say yes. I want to do this - I want to be a family. I want...Marigold to be mine as well as yours, a full sister to all of her future siblings."
"All eighteen," he sighs, shaking his head, resting his forehead against mine.
I burst into laughter, pulling him close, loving him a great deal. I smile, letting my eyes fall shut, breathing in a deep breath full of his scent. "Is that a yes?"
"Of course it's a yes," he whispers, pulling me close and cradling me to him. "Unless...unless Marigold won't like it? Like you said I don't...want to wipe away Tasha from her life. Maybe...maybe we give her a minute to adjust." 
"Yeah," I say, Smiling and pressing a kiss to my mate's mouth. "Yeah, we'll give her plenty of time. There's no rush, right? But..." I bite my lip a little, suddenly incredibly happy at this new thought. "I really like now that...I have a little girl." 
He grins at me, likewise pleased. "You like it?"
"Yeah, she's really cute!" I say, laughing a bit and winding my arms around his neck. "She reminds me a lot of this guy I have a really big crush on -"
Jackson laughs, tucking his head down next to mine, pressing a kiss to my neck, to my mark. "I love you, Ariel."
"Yeah, I love you too," I say on a happy sigh, snuggling closer, if it's even possible. “I think...I think it's going to be really great, Jacks. Challenging but...] really like our new tiny family."
"Me too," he murmurs, raising his head and pressing a kiss to my mouth this time – a real one, true and deep. I kiss him back, giving myself into it, wrapping my hands into the fabric of his shirt and pulling him closer.
Things get heated...very fast.
"Ariel," Jackson pants, stopping himself with a force of will that I...absolutely do
not have. He glances towards the door, anxious.
"Oh whatever,” I mutter, wrapping a hand behind his neck to pull him close again. "It's locked. Who cares."
Jackson hesitates for a second
more, glancing at the baby monitor, but then he groans, bringing his mouth again to mine and fully giving in. I moan as Jackson lays me out on the little couch, slipping his hands beneath my shirt and against my bare skin, moving them steadily down. 
###Chapter 0969
My head falls back as my mate kisses his way steadily down my neck, my chest...
And my eyes drift shut as I think - just to myself - that I'm really, really going to enjoy the rest of my life with this man.
"Okay, little baby," Pippa whispers, pressing the fussing infant close to her chest as she pulls the door softly shut behind her. "You want to try a little walk? You liked this when you were -"
But Pippa goes still when she turns and sees the Alpha sitting with his back against the wall, his arms resting over his knees, which are bent up before him. He looks up at her with sad, exhausted eyes.
Pippa gasps at first and freezes but then whips her head left and right before storming over to Mark Sinclair. "What on earth are you doing here!?"
"Pippa," Mark says, looking up at her, flipping his hands over, helpless. "What... what else am I supposed to do?"
“You're supposed to...to be elsewhere!" Pippa hisses, her eyes darting up the hall. She spins back towards her door, a bit frantic that her Alpha will come out of it and witness this encounter.
"I can't go elsewhere, you're here -"
"Oh, for heaven's sake," Pippa snarls, turning back to Mark with a frown. She presses the still-crying child even closer to her chest and jerks her chin at him before starting down the hall. "Come on! We have to go somewhere we won't be seen."
Mark sighs as he gets to his feet. Because even if his wolf howls with eagerness to go with his mate, he knows this isn't going to be good. Mark follows Pippa, his heart attuned both to the sound of them and to the baby's soft cries.
Pippa rushes forward, her quick steps doing nothing to outrun Mark's long stride, until she finds a dark alcove. She rushes inside, turning her face up to Mark as he follows her in, a frown on her lips. "Are we going to be overheard here?"
"No," Mark says, giving a shrug. "It's the middle of the night - and no one uses this wing, mom wanted you to have privacy - Pippa, do you want me to take her?" he reaches for the baby, who cries louder now. "She's very fussy -"
"No!" Pippa growls, clutching the baby tighter and turning her half away. "She's my baby! I can take care of her!"
Mark hesitates, letting his hands drop a little. "I never thought you couldn't," he murmurs. “I just thought you might...want some help, you must be exhausted -"
"My exhaustion is none of your business," Pippa bites out, looking down at her baby girl with a frown, bouncing her a bit to comfort her.
Mark sighs, letting his hands drop fully, putting them on his hips to have something to do with them. "I mean, it kind of is my business," he murmurs, annoyed and sad and a bit at the end of his rope regarding what to do next. "Considering you're my mate." 
Pippa whips her face up to him, her eyes full of rage. "How dare you, Mark Sinclair!"
"How how dare I!? Pippa, it's true!"
"I have an Alpha, Mark!” Pippa snaps, her voice wavering with emotion. "An Alpha who I love very much, to whom I have always been faithful! We have a child together!"
Mark sighs, his head dropping. "I'm aware of all of this, Pippa."
"Then you should be aware of the necessity of leaving me alone! We shouldn't we shouldn't even -!" she gasps, the sound putting Mark's nerves on edge. He whips his head up to see her smack her hand across her mouth, horrified. 
"What?" he asks, taking a step towards her, worried.
She takes a step back, shaking her head rapidly. "I - I shouldn't even be alone
here with you - this is uncouth, and unmatronly - this is unchaste -"
Mark can't help it, he laughs – just a tiny bit. "Pippa, we're just talking -"
"In private! Alone! I - I have never been alone with a man who wasn't my Alpha,
or a member of my immediate family!"
Her face goes as white as snow and Mark takes a step back, realizing that she's genuinely uncomfortable. "I'm...not going to touch you, Pippa. It's okay. I just wanted to...talk." 
en FindNovel
"We have nothing to say to each other, your highness," Pippa snaps, her chin held high, her voice wavering. Mark sighs, leaning back against the wall of the alcove, studying her.
Because even as every atom in his body wants to be here, right now, with her, in this little alcove, Mark has to admit that he is...completely out of ideas regarding how to handle this.
###Chapter 0970
Mark watches Pippa carefully, still completely at a loss regarding what to do or say to calm her down, to let her know that it's all right. Because she's right - completely right. None of this is simple. She is, by all accounts, married to another man and newly the mother of his child.
But despite all of that, besides her slim little chest heaving with anger, Mark notes that.....Pippa doesn't leave the alcove.
And it's not because he's keeping her here by force.
Be cool, be cool, his wolf cautions, even has he fails to take that advice himself and darts anxiously back and forth in Mark's soul.
Mark exhales slowly and holds Pippa's gaze. "Your situation is even more complex than you're painting it," he says, doing his damn best to stay calm.
Pippa stiffens, her shoulders straightening as she glares at him. "By which you mean?"
He raises an eyebrow at her. "You're leaving out the fact that your Alpha is mated to someone else as well. Happily so, by all accounts."
Pippa inhales deeply through her nose, her eyes flaring as she glares at Mark. His wolf howls in his soul, anguished, wondering if it was the wrong thing to say. But damn it, what the hell is the right thing to say in a situation like this?
"Elias will never leave me," Pippa says, her voice tight, lifting the baby higher in her arms. Mark's eyes move for a moment to little Bianca, seeing that she's calming somehow, his heart gladdening for it. Because that little baby - she's not even his child, and he feels...such a tie to her. His mate's little girl - of course she's precious to him.
"I'm not really...concerned with Elias right now," Mark says quietly, sighing as he runs his hand through his hair. "Pippa, can we just...talk? Normally? I mean, you're so resistant to this, but I'm not going away."
"I wish you would!" she snaps.
"What, so you can hang out alone in the alcove?" Mark asks, sarcastic, waving around to it. But then he drops his hand, a little ashamed at himself for snapping like that.
Pippa just glares at him, so Mark carries on.
"Pippa, you are my mate," he says, sighing, shaking his head at her, pressing a hand to his heart. "I know that you feel it too. Can we just...calm down? Take a minute to get to know each other?"
"Is that seriously what you want to do, Mark?" she snaps, taking a step towards him, her mouth pulling down at the corners. "You want to just take some time to get to know each other?"
"Well, yeah?" Mark says, wary, knowing that this is a trap but not understanding it yet.
"And how would you suggest we do that?" she snaps, glaring hard.
"Um, we could... hang out?" he says, awkward, curling in on himself a little as he realizes that he has...absolutely no answer to that question and feeling like an absolute idiot. "We could...have dinner? Talk?"
A rough little laugh breaks from Pippa's mouth. "My entire life is falling apart, and you want to hang out?"
He grimaces, not getting it, but knowing that this is bad. "Um, yes?"
"And what does one do when they hang out?"
Mark sighs. "I don't know, Pippa. We could...get some pizza? Just...relax? And talk?"
"I am a Luna and a mother," Pippa snaps, advancing on him again, cradling her baby close. "I am fighting to adjust to the loss of my family and my position in society so that I can give my little girl a better life. And while I am happy to make that sacrifice for her, I am struggling at every turn to understand who I am in this world! Not to mention that my Alpha has fallen in love with another man - an act that would result in his death in our home nation. And that might very well result in me being abandoned and alone here" 
"Pippa, we would never let you be abandoned, of course we'd always support you
"My life is falling apart!" she shouts, breaking in, desperate, her voice cracking. "And I am trying to hold it together with the bare edges of my nails! I have all the responsibilities of a grown woman, Mark Sinclair am the mother to an infant child, I have my Alpha's household to establish and run, and you want to...hang out!?" 
Mark groans a little, hanging his head, seeing her point.
Because even if he and Pippa are the same age their lives are completely different. And his suggestion that she act like any other nineteen-year-old girl and just

hang out with him - grab some pizza, watch a movie, chat about their interests- utterly neglects to take into consideration who she is and what she needs. 
###Chapter 0971
"You're a boy, Mark," Pippa says, soft and sad. He raises his head enough to see her looking down at her baby, tears clinging to her lashes, threatening to fall. “I – I already have one child, I don't need another. I'm sorry - I'm being cruel but..." she takes a deep breath and raises her eyes to his, her mouth trembling a little. "I don't accept this bond, Mark. I - I can't. It's too hard - I have an Alpha I very much like, and he...I need to concentrate on that relationship before it all collapses before me. I'm sorry. I...I'm very sorry to cause you pain, but no."
She turns sharply, moving swiftly out of the alcove and back down the hall towards her room, her head tucked low as she goes.
Mark watches her until he can't see her anymore, his heart aching to see her go, his wolf howling for her to come back. But even as his wolf howls and nips and scratches him internally, urging him to go after her, Mark keeps his place.
After all, he knows better than to press a lady when she says no.
And it's not that he's given up... he just...needs time to think. After all, not accepting the bond is not precisely the same as a rejection, is it? Even if it is not a fantastic start.
No, Mark sighs, thinking that even if it pains him, it may be best to just give Pippa what she needs and asks for right now, even if that is for him to step away and give her space. Because she is his mate, and what she needs is now, incontrovertibly, his top priority.
Mark's wolf grumbles, discontent as he pushes up from the wall and begins to walk away in the other direction, his head hanging low. But he clenches a fist as he goes, ready, for the first time, for some big changes in his life.
I groan a little, nuzzling closer to Jackson's bare skin, wanting desperately to go back to sleep. Because I'm tired - and I was having just the best dream, which was mostly just a rehashing of what happened after Jackson laid me back on that couch in the little dining room, and slipped his hands down over my hips...
I smile, remembering it, sighing happily and turning my face over on his chest, wanting to go back to all of that...
But my eyes fly open when I realize that my wolf is standing very still in my soul. Just...staring.
At it.
What, she whispers, her eyes wide. What...the hell is that...
I gasp, sitting up straight, instantly awake and starting to pant with fear because...
Because what the hell is that!? That... that new blue line in my soul...leading off to...
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
It's...it's a fucking bond...
My mind begins to race as my wolf tosses her nose back and howls in fear, turning hastily away from the new bond, her feet scrabbling for purchase in my soul as she sprints away from it sprints far away -
-
getting as far as she can as fast as possible 
Because how the fuck did this happen!?
I smack my hand across my mouth, horrified. A new bond, a new...mate!? Fucking - how!?
My mind instantly flashes through memories -
Jesse waking up in the middle of the night wreathed in shadows -
Because Midnight found him in the night, but he couldn't see her, but it developed
A bond, a mating bond became apparent between them even if he hadn't seen her yet -
My head spins around, looking frantically -
But Jackson is still beneath me, thankfully sleeping peacefully through my panic. I slam down on the bond between us, not wanting him to wake, because this is going to kill him - 
And Marigold, there, in her little tiny bed in the corner – my little girl sob against my hand, because
sw novel.bet
I can't handle this -
So many changes, so fast! And now another fucking bond - another fucking
mate!? And a shadowed one, like Midnight!?
What the hell is my grandmother trying to do to me here!?
###Chapter 0972
My eyes flash down to Jackson, still asleep beneath me, and grief floods me. My poor mate - he's been so good to me, and we've been through so much, and it was finally, finally getting good. And now this! Another bond, another mate!?
A fourth mate!? Who - who the hell needs four!?
Jackson stirs, sensing a change in the room, a little frown coming to his lips. I freeze for a moment, watching as he turns his head and then exhales slowly, peacefully falling back to sleep.
I exhale too, my breath shaky, and then quickly climb off of him. Because I can't – I can't wake him now - he'll flip out, and I'm already flipping out -
Suddenly, completely unable to think of anything else to do, I rush for the door, pulling it open and dashing out into the hall. I pull the bedroom door shut behind me as quietly as I can and then stride for the living room, desperate to get away - to get my thoughts together -
"Baby?"
I moan at the sight of my mom in the living room, sitting with a cup of coffee in her hand in the pre-dawn light, already at work.
My lip immediately starts to tremble as I stop in my tracks, staring at her. "Mom, something's wrong," I whisper, shaking my head.
"Oh, sugar," mom says, immediately standing and dropping her cup, coffee splashing all over the table. She reaches for me. "Come here. Come here right now."
I run for her and my mom wraps me up in her arms, pulling me close. "What's wrong, baby?" she whispers, her voice as terrified as mine.
I tuck my head against her and begin to spill everything out.
But I get about twelve words in when my mom goes stiff against me, sniffing at my hair, and then steps back.
"Mom," I gasp, staring at her, appalled. "Why - why the hell are you smiling!? This is a disaster!"
"You come with me, trouble," mom says, working hard to wipe the smile from her face and simply turning away from me when she fails. She takes my hand, tugging me with her as she pulls me towards her bedroom.
"Mom!" I protest, trying to pull my hand away, but she has an iron grip. She laughs.
Laughs!
I snarl, pissed as hell at her for laughing at me.
"Just come in here, Ariel," she says, shaking her head, her pretty rose-gold hair falling back over her shoulders as she tugs me into her room. "Let's sit down."
I stumble after her, still frantic,
looking into the room and absurdly relieved that my dad isn't here. Because while he's been very good to me throughout all the news of my three mates and my mate's new daughter, I don't think he's any more prepared than I am to hear the news that there's a fourth. 
"You come here, baby," mom says, pulling me over to her bed and then sitting me down on it, urging me to sit back amongst the pillows and put my feet up. I just stare at her, confused and wary as she sighs contentedly and then sits down
across from me, pulling her own feet up. 
"Mom?" I ask, my voice hesitant with fear. "Why...why are you being so...cool about this?"
"Because, baby," mom says, giving me a pretty smile and leaning forward to cup my cheek in her hand. “I don't think it's all quite as horrible as you think.”
"How could a fourth bond not be as bad –“ I snap, glaring at her.
But she laughs again, silencing me, and shakes her head. "Let's just...check it out together, okay, kid?"
I scowl at her, hating her for being all calm and practical in the face of my meltdown, but I nod slowly to her, agreeing to it. Mom is usually right, after all – uncannily so. So if she's telling me to calm down and look at it...
I guess...that's the best thing to do.
Trusting my mother, as I always do in times of crisis, I take her hands and close
my eyes. "Breathe out," mom urges. "I've got you. You're safe."

I nod, believing her, especially as her magic begins to sweep through me, all lavender and soft and warm. I exhale, long and slow, feeling her magic begin its little healing touches within me, ensuring that everything in my body is okay. Calm comes does.
With them, as it alwaysomes
###Chapter 0973
Mom's magic sinks lower and so does my attention. My wolf begins to creep back in my soul, turning towards that new bond, prowling slowly, warily towards it, her ears pricked forward.
"There now," mom says on a happy sigh. "See? It's not scary."
"It's not the bond that's scary mom," I growl, shaking my head even as my wolf steps closer, sniffing softly at the bond, peering out over the edge of our soul, looking for...whatever is on the other side of it. "It's what it implies. A fourth mate!? I can't handle that -"
"Look closer at them, baby," mom urges. "See?"
I do as I'm told, paying close attention, my wolf nudging the bond with her nose...
And as she does I realize that it's...different. Different from anything I've ever felt, different from my bond with Jackson, or Luca, or Gabriel. Somehow...smaller, more silvery and light, and incredibly, incredibly thin-
And...
And cute.
And that it's not one bond at all, that it's...
My eyes fly open. "Two?" I breathe, awed, mesmerized, terrified.
My mom's face breaks into a big smile. "Two!" she says, delight all over her face.
I just stare at her, dumbfounded. "Mom," I whisper, horrified. "I can't...I can't have five mates...that's insane."
She bursts out laughing, making me jump a bit. "Baby, you don't have five mates. Look again. What...what else could it be?" She bites her lip, incredibly excited.
I just stare at her, my face wrinkled in confusion, and turn my attention inwardly to
see -
To see my insane wolf -
Laying on her belly between the two tiny, tenuous bonds, nuzzling them warmly with her snout, each in turn - howling for joy because -
Because -
Because they're...they're ours.
Our -
Our...
"Babies," I whisper, my eyes flying wide.
Mom stays still, a little creaking squeak of joy barely suppressed in her throat as
she tries so, so hard to let me feel however I want to feel about this.
Even though she is clearly, clearly fucking overjoyed -
"Oh...oh my god..." I whisper, shock running through me even as my wolf prances between the two little
bonds, licking each in turn beforee
throwing herself down on the ground and rubbing her body all
over
them as best she can, claiming them
as her own. 
"I know!" mom says, all squeaky and thrilled, raising her hands to her mouth and
pressing her fingertips to her lips. "You're "
"Pregnant!" I whisper, my eyes flying as wide as two round moons.
Mom starts to dance in place, her shoulders shaking for joy, and suddenly - as my shock breaks - a smile starts to spread across my lips.
She shouts then, seeing me accept the reality of it, and throws herself forward, grabbing me into a big hug. "Oh my god, Ariel! Congratulations, baby!"
"Mom," I whisper, still awed, laughing a little. "There...there are two of them!"
"Twins!" she says, a little shrill and shrieky. "It's so great! Two little babies! Two little baby babies, all at once!"
I just hug my mom back, barely breathing, still awed and completely freaked out even if my wolf yips with happiness, loving her little soul pups already, celebrating their existence by dancing from paw to paw 
en FindNovel
"Oh, sugar how are you feeling?" mom asks, doing her best - and failing to rein in her own emotions so that I can figure out my own. "I'm sorry I'm having trouble- 
en FindNovel
"No, it's okay," I whisper, sitting up and pushing away from her a little, fear and joy
and wonder and terror racing through me all at once. "Mom, how did this
happen?"
“Well,” she says, tilting her head to the side. "Were you...slacking on your medicine?"
"N-no!" I sputter out, shaking my head fervently. I go back in my mind suddenly, trying to remember everything, but honestly I have been diligent. "Mom, I've been very careful..."
Mom just grins at me, biting her lip.
###Chapter 0974
"Oh, baby,” mom says, cupping my cheek in her hand and looking at me sympathetically. “Sometimes...the Goddess has plans for us that go beyond our
own."
"Damn right she does," I say with a scowl, flumping back into mom's pillows and shooting a little glare at the crescent moon, which I can see hovering just above the dawn horizon. "Surprise after surprise with that one."
"Are you unhappy with it?" mom asks, clasping her hands beneath her chin and looking at me, worried. "You...you don't have to be happy, sweetie. I'm sorry, I should have been more restrained -"
"No, mom," I say with a sigh, flicking my eyes to her and then down to my stomach, where I press my hands. Where two babies now live, apparently. "I... don't really know precisely how I feel - I mean, I'm really surprised – and the timeline is not fantastic but...I don't think I'm unhappy..."
I let my words trail off, trying to figure out how I feel but coming up with an answer that's split between about twelve different emotions.
A baby. Babies.
Two little babies.
Jackson's... Jackson's babies.
A tiny little smile comes to my mouth at that thought because...
I mean. They're going to be so cute.
My mom squeaks again and I look up, laughing when I see the big smile on her face. "You're smiling," she whispers, still holding her hands in fists beneath her chin. "Does that mean..."
"Mommm," I groan, pitching myself forward, still laughing, a bit hysterical. "I don't know, okay! Give me...ten seconds to figure it out." I sigh, putting my head down in her lap, closing my eyes and trying to sort through it.
"You got it baby," mom murmurs, sweet and kind, starting to stroke my hair. "Ten whole seconds, just for you."
I grumble something to her, and she laughs again, but I just allow myself to
breathe and let myself again adjust to the radical new reality of my life. It takes a long, long time to get it into my head that I'm pregnant.
That there are going to be two more little Sinclairs in the palace. And they're going to be mine.
But...are we even going to be in the palace?
Didn't I...weren't we just talking about going back to school? I sigh deeply, confused, turning my head to press my forehead against my mom's thigh.
"Tell me, baby," she murmurs, still stroking her hands through my hair, kind and sweet as she always is.
"Jacks and I were just talking about it last night," I murmur, my voice a little muffled against her leg. "About...wanting more babies someday. I didn't think it would be today."
She laughs a little. "More babies?"
I turn my head up, sighing again even as I smile. "I'm going to adopt Marigold as my own. We talked about it last night. Not right away - we want to let her adjust but...I want to be her mom. Jackson is on board."
Mom's face crumples in an instant, tears filling her eyes as she lays herself down next to me on the bed and wraps me up in a hug, pulling me close. "Oh, Ariel," she sighs, think as undone with emotion as me "I...I mean, I hoped you would. I think that's so fantastic." 
“Me too," I whisper, smiling as tears prick my own eyes. "Though I guess now
she's getting... siblings. And who knows how she'll feel about that."
"Fantastic, of course," mom mutters, sniffing a bit.
“But, I mean..." bite my lip, grief

starting to curl in me. "I'm...I'm really young for this. Three kids at twenty-three? I mean...I know it's been done before, but......." I sniff," feeling very overwhelmed. "I really liked my life! I'm a really good sniper! I Want to be a spy!" 
Mom pulls me even closer, letting me cry a little into her shirt,
eli
murmuring all sorts of comforting nonsense to me about how fantastic I am, and how it's fine to be confused, and how we'll sort it all out And, as it always does, her
warmth and support bring a great deal of comfort. 
###Chapter 0975
A few minutes later, mom sits up, taking me with her and clucking over me as she wipes the tears from my face and pushes my hair back behind my ears. "There's my beautiful Princess," mom murmurs, stroking her hand over my hair and getting me all in order. "So strong and brave!"
“Enemy armies I can face," I say with a sigh and a little laugh. “Pregnancy, a whole new thing."
She laughs at this, patting my cheek and smiling at me again. "As it always is," she says, giving a bit of a shrug. "Your first pregnancy...is always a bit of a terror, even if you're happy about it."
"I don't want you to think I'm unhappy," I murmur. Then I look down at myself again, pressing my hands against my stomach, which is as flat now as it ever was. "I don't want them to think I'm unhappy."
"Well luckily they're just little cell bundles right now," mom murmurs with a shrug. "So, they probably can't feel anything yet."
"Is that true?" I ask, my face wrinkling as I look up at her. "At what point in conception does the bond form?"
"Oh, I don't know, I'm not a scientist," mom says, waving a hand at me and dismissing the question. I laugh a little, unable to help it. "We'll ask Cora in a couple of hours."
I sigh, nodding, looking back down, tentatively sending a little pulse of warmth and love down the bonds, wanting desperately for the babies to feel...I don't know. Welcome, I guess.
"You know, it's how I would have wanted it," mom says quietly.
I look up at her again, curious.
"If I had it my way?" she says, arching her brows at me. "I would have had it happen precisely like this. I'd have met your dad when I was twenty-two, and taken a good six months to get to know him and let our relationship develop, and then..." she snaps her fingers, grinning at me. “I'd have wanted to start popping out kids."
I laugh, harder now, starting to feel...I don't know. Abit more cheerful? Certainly less panicked. "Yeah, but you always wanted to be a mom, say, my shoulders slumping a little. "I just started thinking about being a mom like, literally yesterday 
"Well, wish granted," she says with a little shrug that makes me laugh.
"I know," I say, twisting my mouth to the side, trying to parse my emotions. "I just...want other things too."
"You can have it all, Ariel," mom says
quietly. I study her, kind of
impressed with the assurance in her voice. Slowly, she nods to me. "Motherhood doesn't have to be limiting, especially when you have the help you have. A dad with lots of money, a mom very willing to spend it A whole extended family to help you with childcare. You can do this - be a mom of three, be a spy, be the sharpshooting Princess our nation needs." 
A little smile comes to my lips as tears come to my eyes.
Because.....I have just the best mom. Always so supportive of our dreams, so optimistic.
But then again, I know a little about
her life and her trials. There were moments when she, too, felt
hopeless much worse than I'm feeling now. So she knows, far better than me, how important hope and determination is. 
And family.
Family, more than all of it.
Because children, as she always says, are forever a blessing.
I sit a little straighter, studying my mom, proud and pleased to be her daughter.
###Chapter 0976
"Why?" I ask quietly, tilting my head to the side. "Why would you have wanted to start early, at twenty-two? You were so much older, so much...readier for it when Rafe came along. And you wanted him so badly that you went to a sperm donor to get him. Isn't it better, to bring a baby into the world when they're really desired from the start?"
"Oh, I don't know about that," mom says on a considerate sigh, casually leaning against one arm as she turns her face up to the ceiling, contemplative. "Sometimes the desire comes first, sometimes the baby does. I'm not sure it matters. But," she says, turning her eyes back towards me. "I would have wanted to get started young so your dad and I could have lots more kids."
I burst out laughing, shaking my head at her. "Mom! Us four are enough!"
"Of course you are, baby," mom coos, grabbing at me and pulling me in close for another hug, pressing kiss after kiss to my hair. I grin, swatting her away. "But," she says with a happy sigh. "Eight would have been enough too."
"Mom, eight is far too many," I murmur, suddenly regretting my little joke last night about eighteen. "What would you have even named them?"
"Rafe, Ariel, Mark, and Juniper," she says instantly, her eyebrows raising with the truth of it. "All with a Jr. at the end."
I burst out laughing again, shaking my head at her. "Mom!"
"It's true!" she says, shoving my shoulder, laughing at me. "I had great plans to have a whole second batch of kids about ten years later, and then I was going to try all my parenting techniques again, and pit you all against each other in a great trial and see which group of four came out victorious -"
I laugh harder now, falling down into the blankets on the bed.
"It was going to be an amazing social experiment!" Mom says, laughing too,
beaming down at me. "But, sadly, dad said no."
I put my hands on my belly, which aches with so much laughing, turning my head back and forth. “Thank god for dad," I murmur. "Someone has to hold this stupid family together."
"Yes, thank the heavens for dad," mom says, reaching out and stroking her fingers again through my hair. "And thanks also for your Jackson. He's going to be...a fantastic father. If he ever gets over the shock of it."
I look up at her, well pleased. "You really like him for me, don't you?"
"I like him in general," she says, giving an eager nod. "But I like him especially for you, baby. From the moment I met him, I knew he was right." 
I raise my eyebrow. "The moment?"
"Oh fine," she says, rolling her eyes, caught in the lie. "At first I thought he was your murderer. But as soon as I figured out he dragged your
ridiculous bleeding butt all throw net
that stupid trial? And then he started sobbing when he heard you'd
probably live?" She nods, very wisely. "I knew." 
"I knew too," I whisper, smiling at her, telling her the true deep secret in my heart.
"I think I knew too."
"Yes, you're very wise," mom murmurs, grinning at me and patting my cheek.
The door creeks open and both of our heads spin to it as we go very still.
"What's that about wisdom?" Jesse says, striding in boldly as he always does, not bothering to knock. "Was someone speaking about me -"
But as soon as he gets within ten feet of me, he stops in his tracks, his face falling slack. "Oh, holy shit."
"Seriously?” Mom says, snapping her hands to her waist. "You can smell it from there? God damn it, I wish I had an Alpha nose -"
“Smell what?” Rafe murmurs from the doorway, stepping in with a pastry in his hand, taking a big bite. "What are you guys even doing in here, all hidden awa-" 
But he goes still too, his mouth falling open, his bite of pastry falling to the floor.
"From the door!?" Mom spits out, jealous and appalled.
"Ariel,” Jesse whispers, staring at me, shaking his head a little even as he holds
out his arms towards me. "Oh my god, Ariel -"
I groan, sitting up, unable to keep from smiling. "I know," I say with a shrug. "Who would have thought it?"
###Chapter 0977
"You're all knocked up!" Jesse whispers, his tone incredibly sweet, like it's the most adorable thing he's ever thought of in his life. "Oh my god, Ariel!"
"No way," Rafe whispers, striding over to me, staring at me unblinking. Then he bursts out laughing, raising his hands to his hair, digging his fingers into the thick dark strands. "This is - this is insane! No way!"
"Way," I say, laughing too, giving a little shrug. "Um, we just found out -"
"Found out!?" Jesse spits out, staring between Ella and I.
"I thought it was two more mates," I say, laughing at myself now, falling back into the pillows of the bed. "I'm such an idiot, I didn't even think the bonds were kids -"
Jesse howls with laughter, collapsing onto the bed with me and wrapping me up in a hug as he presses kisses to my cheeks and hair, hugging me tight.
But Rafe stands right where he was. "Two?" he whispers, staring at me. "Bond... bonds? With an -s on the end?"
Jesse gasps, putting it together, letting me sit up as I shrug and smile between them. "Yeah," I say, a little helpless to do anything but smile. "Yeah, twins, I guess."
"Oh my GOD!" Rafe shouts, finally coming back to himself and leaping on the bed, fairly tackling me with his hug.
"Gentle, gentle!" Mom cries, smacking at him.
But my big Alpha brother is, as usual, very careful with me, wrapping me up tight in a hug but in control enough that I'm not hurt at all. "This is so insane, Ariel," he murmurs, hugging me close. "Congratulations, trouble - I'm so excited -"
"Who's the dad?" Jesse asks, dry.
I gasp, shoving Rafe away - and when I see Jesse's shitty little grin I snarl and kick at him, making him roar with laughter as he swats my feet away, not letting a single blow land.
"You jackass!" I shout, even as I laugh, kicking him harder.
"No fighting on my bed!" mom shouts, laughing too, swatting at me.
"No calling my sister's virtue into question!" Rafe roars, joining in on my mission to destroy Jesse and giving him a hearty shove. We're all laughing, a bit swept away in the moment, when a a creaking noise from the door makes us all basically freeze in place. 
I turn my head, eyes wide, to Jackson standing in the doorway, Marigold held high
on his arm in her little footie pajamas, both of them peering at the four of us in wonder and curiosity.
Jesse moves first. "Ooookay," he says, shoving himself up from the bed and dashing over to Jacks. "Give me the baby," he commands, reaching for Marigold.
"What?" Jackson says, frowning at Jesse and stepping away. "Why?"
"Because you're going to collapse in about four seconds, my guy," Jesse says, stepping closer and taking Marigold under the arms, gently lifting her away from her dad and settling her cheerfully on his hip. 
Marigold gives a worried little squeak, looking between Jesse and Jackson, sensing the tension in the room.
"Nah, you're fine, Goldie Girl," Jesse says with a grin, pressing a kiss to her hair. "No worries for you."
She grins at him even as Jackson still continues to stare at Jesse. "Worries...for me?" Jackson asks, going tense.
Enet
Jesse sighs, and tilts his head towards me and Rafe and mom, who are all still frozen on the bed. "You need to take a deep breath, Jacks Jesse says, nodding slowly to him and tapping his nose And then go to your girl."
Jackson frowns at Jesse for a second and then does as he's told, taking a deep
breath in through his nose.
Suddenly he freezes to, spinning to me, shocked.
"Oh...oh my god," Jackson whispers, his mouth falling open.
"Jacks," I whisper, worried for him, starting to push myself off the bed.
But before I can get there Jackson stumbles back against the door and then slips down to the ground, not taking his eyes from me for a second as I dash across the room to him.
"See, Golds," Jesse murmurs to her. "I told you he was going down."
###Chapter 0978
Marigold gives a little cry of distress, reaching for her dad, but Jesse holds her tight, whispering to her that dad's fine, he's just very, very surprised.
I let Jesse handle our daughter for a moment, going to my knees before Jackson and taking his face in my hands. "Jacks," I whisper, turning his glazed eyes to mine. "Baby, are you all right?"
Something about this brings Jackson snapping back to me. "Ariel," he says on a gasped intake of breath. "Are - are you fucking all right!?"
"I'm fine," I say, all in a rush, crawling into Jackson's lap and opening the bond between us, letting him see and feel that I really am okay - that everything with me is fine. I mean, beyond the fact that our entire reality just came shattering down around us again...I really am okay.
He groans, resting his head against me, his whole body shaking a little bit as he takes a deep sniff of my new scent. "Pregnant..." he whispers, barely audible. "You're...you're fucking...pregnant."
"Yeah," I say, my voice a tremulous little sound as well. "Yeah, Jacks. I...sure am." "Oh my god," he groans. "How... how do I have two kids..."
I go a bit still in his arms.
He whips his face up to me.
I bite my lip, grimacing a little. “Do you want to...count again, Jacks?"
He whips his head back down to stare at my stomach, clearly turning inwards to his own wolf, checking on the bonds that have made themselves apparent in his own soul as well. And then he groans, collapsing against me again as he realizes a very important bit of information.
"Three," he groans. "Oh my god, Ariel, there's going to be three of them - they outnumber us -"
"I know," I murmur, smiling a little as I cradle his head to me. "Luckily, none of them are literate yet, so...we have advantage for a few more years."
He just shakes his head and groans again, pulling me close, trying to figure out what the hell is going on.
"Oooookay,” Jesse says on a happy little sigh, pleased with the increased chaos of our lives, as he always is. I peer up to see him grinning at Marigold. "You want to help me get champagne, Goldie?"
She stares at him for a second, and then glances down at us, and then apparently decides that her father's emotional meltdown is very boring. "Yes," she says, giving Jesse a steady nod.
"That's my girl," he murmurs, pressing a kiss to her hair and neatly stepping over me and Jacks to stride from the room. Jesse snaps his fingers at mom and Rafe, who sigh and go along with him.
"You have five minutes," mom says,

pointing down at me as she goes. "And then I'm doing a full-body health scan on you to make sure you're as healthy as you need to be. You're going to have to start eating fruit, Ariel - I'm not having my grandbabies come into this world all malnourished.” 
I glare up at her a little as she flounces out the door. She just
shrugs at me like she's not going to stop being practical just because m pregnant and Jackson's having a breakdown about it. Rafe follows mom, giving us both a big smile and pulling the door shut after him. 
Jackson lifts his head and I turn my full attention back to him in the new darkness and quiet of the room. "You're seriously okay?" he whispers, looking me over. "You're...it doesn't hurt?"
"No, that part comes later," I whisper, running my fingers through his hair and grinning at him, privately very grateful to my mom for talking me down from my own panic so that I can help Jackson through his.
I grimace when he goes very still, his eyes again flashing wide, realizing that I've said the wrong thing.
"I'm kidding, I'm kidding!" I say, taking his cheeks between my hands and pressing a kiss to his mouth. "I'm fine! And I'm going to be fine!"
"So, it's not going to hurt?" he whispers.
"No, sugar, it's going to hurt," I say, twisting my mouth to the side and giving a little shrug. "The birth part is...notoriously painful."
He groans, ducking his head against my shoulder. "I need...books. I need knowledge. I don't know anything about pregnancy - I don't know what's going on. I don't even know how long it takes!"
"About six months," I murmur, resting my cheek on his hair.
But the feel of his soft hair against my cheek only lasts a moment as he whips his
head up to stare at me, his panic renewed. "Just six months!?" he gasps.
"Rafe came in five," I whisper with a little grimace.
Jackson just stares at me in horror.
"Jacks!" I say, laughing a little,
putting my hands again on his cheeks. "It's. plenty of time. Millions of people have done this before, okay? And we've got an OBGYN in the family, and a magical heater. Everything is going to be totally fine!" 
He just stares at me like those seven words are a lifeline. “Everything is going to
be totally fine."
###Chapter 0979
"Yeah," I say, petting his hair softly, smiling at him. "We can do it. We've got this. We've already got one to practice on for a couple of months - we'll be totally prepared by the time these two come along."
"Totally prepared," he murmurs, nodding slowly, clinging to the hope.
We stare at each other for a long moment before he groans again, tugging me close, cradling me against him in that way I really, really love. He snarls a little, protective and possessive, and a great deal of happiness spreads all throughout me. We take a few more minutes there, together, checking in with each other and adjusting to this wild new reality.
"God, I can't believe it," Jackson whispers, shaking his head and running a hand across my stomach. "I - I'm not ready for this."
"But you will be," I whisper, biting my lip a bit, hoping that...that it's just shock. That he's going to be happy about this soon, that he might even...like it.
He looks up at me, sensing my emotions.
I just stay very still, not wanting him to feel pressured to like it if he doesn't.
"Ariel, of course I like it," he whispers, shaking his head at me. "I'm...fucking terrified, and I definitely need a computer as soon as possible - I have so much research to do – but the idea of having a little kid? Two of them? That's...me and you, both?"
He shakes his head, holding my gaze...I think a bit lost for words.
"You like it?" I whisper, raising my hand and pressing it to his cheek.
"Ariel, you and the rest of the insane people you're related to have long sold me on the concept of family," he whispers. "If we can have that - if we can add to it... then yeah, I want that. I want that a lot."
"Plus they're going to be really cute," I whisper, starting to smile.
"Are they?" He asks, frowning a bit.
I gasp, immediately offended. "Jackson!"
"Well, how do you know," he says, leaning forward and laughing a little, winding his arms around me, pulling me closer. "You don't know what they'll look like —"
"Yes, I do!" I snap. "They're going to look like me! And you!"
He wrinkles his nose, dubious. "I don't know, Ariel, you'd better hope that these kids get my genetics - you Sinclairs are -"
"How dare you!" I gasp, pressing a hand to my heart and leaning away. "We are a beautiful family -"
"You're all right," he concedes,
grinning at me, holding me tight as
much as I squeak, livid, trying to wiggle away in my protest and making him roar with laughter. He haul me closer to press kiss after kiss to my cheeks and mouth. "I'm kidding. They're going to be gorgeous. Of course they are." 
"Damn right," I grumble, letting myself relax against him.
The door creeks open a bit. "I hear laughter," mom says, peering in. "Which suggests the great trauma is over. Which means you need to come outside so I can -"
"Yeah, yeah," I say, starting to stand up. "We get it, mom, you can't even let me have a minute alone with the father of my children -"
But before I can get to my feet Jackson sweeps me up into his arms, making me gasp a little at the suddenness with which I have reached dizzying new heights. I whip my head up, glaring at him.
"You'd better not be carrying me because it's too dangerous for me to walk pregnant."
"I'm carrying you because I love you,” Jackson says, very seriously, looking down into my face as mom grins and pushes the door open fully. "But yes, also because I am feeling very I protective right now and might not let you walk for the next six months 
"What!?" I shriek.
Little footsteps ring out in the living room then and Jackson and I turn our heads towards the door. I burst into a smile when I see Marigold trotting forward with a very expensive bottle of champagne clutched in her arms.
"Champin!" Marigold says, quite proud.
"Bring that back here, mongrel!" Jesse calls after her, laughing.
But even as I start to laugh I glance around into the living room and see another figure standing there - one who I haven't seen yet today. His face is very serious, his hands sunk deep into his pockets, his eyes
fastened on me. 
My face goes a bit pale as I lock eyes with my father, who clearly already knows.
"Dad," I whisper.
He holds my eyes for a moment, just the tiniest smile curling at the left side of his mouth. But then he moves his eyes to Jackson's face, that smile disappearing.
"Go ahead and put her down, Jacks," dad says, very serious and firm. "She won't break. And you and I need to have...a talk."
I grimace a little, looking up at my mate as he sighs and bends to put me on my feet.
###Chapter 0980
I bite my lip as Jackson lowers me and my feet hit the ground, my eyes trained on my dad.
Dad studies Jackson for a moment longer before moving his eyes back to me. My breath catches for a moment but then he smiles, wide and beautiful, holding out his arms. "Daughter," he says, reaching for me.
A little cry breaks from my lips as I dash away from my mate and into my dad's arms. He gathers me up warm and tight against his chest, cradling me close, warmth and pride radiating off of him.
"You're not disappointed in me, are you?" I murmur, the words muffled against his shirt. "Or mad at Jacks?"
"Baby, of course I'm not mad or disappointed," dad says, rocking me back and forth. "You make your own path, trouble, and I'll support you on it every step of the way. Are you all right? Are you happy?"
Dad pulls back a bit to study me and I look up at him, my shoulders bunched up, not really knowing how to reply. I glance back at Jackson who stands stoic, his hands in his pockets, waiting. "We're...surprised," I say softly. "But yeah - I think we're happy. It's good. It's good, right?"
"It's good," dad says, beaming down at me with a wide smile, his beautiful eyes crinkled at the corners as he strokes a hand over my hair. "Two little grandchildren, all at once? Come on, how can I not be thrilled?"
I grin at him, liking that. "Are they going to call you Pop-pop?"
Dad roars with laughter, tossing his head back. I laugh with him, loving it. There's really nothing like making my dad laugh like that - with total abandon. Such a rare feat. It fills me with warmth.
"We'll figure that out later," dad says, lifting his head and wiping away a mirthful tear. "Maybe they can just call me Dominic, so I won't feel so old."
"Oh, you can't be old, Pop-pop," mom says, coming over and beaming at us, holding out a glass of champagne for my dad. "I won't let you. My magical healing on a cellular level is much better than Botox."
"Yeah well, maybe Kingly Grandfather or a simple My Liege would be better to start," dad murmurs, loosing his arms around me and waving the drink away. "Celebrations later. I have business to attend to." He shifts his eyes back to Jackson, who is waiting.
"Bisniss," Marigold whispers from her spot nestled between Jesse and Rafe on the couch. I grin over at her, reminded again that her clever little mind is well attuned to watch and listen to everything. But then I sigh, letting my dad go, stepping next to my mom. We both watch as dad crosses to his bedroom door, nodding towards it though he keeps his eyes fixed on Jackson, his demand clear.
Jackson takes a deep breath and only glances at me for a moment before following my father into the room.
"Oh geeze," I sigh, a hand moving instinctually to my stomach. "Dad's not going to make me a single mother, is he?"
"No, your father is very even tempered," mom says, slipping an arm around my shoulders and giving me a squeeze. "He'll just break Jackson's arm. Nothing permanent."
"What!?" I gasp, spinning my head to her.
"I'm kidding," mom says, bursting into laughter and giving me a tug, leading me over to the couch. "It's going to be fine! He's probably just excited to have another dad to talk to for once."
"He's got Roger for that," I murmur, my eyes straying anxiously back to the closed door.
"Yes, but Roger's all jokes," mom
says, seating me down in her favorite armchair and then going the drinks cart to fetch me a
l.not
champagne flute of my own. "Dad's excited to have someone serious to talk to." 
"Hey, I'm serious," Rafe says, frowning up at mom as she comes back, balancing his champagne glass on his knee.
"Seriously boring," Jesse says in a mock whisper, leaning close to Marigold and pretending it's a secret. She giggles, looking up at him, clearly loving him a great deal already - as most children do.
"I'm not boring!" Rafe growls, glaring at Jesse. Then he spins back to mom and me. "Wait, I'm not boring, right?"
I just grimace, making his eyes fly wide.
"You're thrilling, Meatball," mom
says, handing me my flute and lifting hers towards him. "But it's Ariel's day today. To our little trouble, and the little teeny double trouble that's
going to be here in six!"
"To double trouble!" Jesse says, laughing and raising his glass.
"I'm interesting," Rafe grumbles, still glaring at all of us even as he raises his glass. Marigold puts her hands up too, even without a drink, and we all laugh, lifting our glasses towards her, and then to me in celebration. 
I sigh, shaking my head, still not believing that any of it's real as I lift my glass to
my lips -
But as soon as I take a sip, I sputter it out.
"Sparkling cider!?" I gasp, spinning my head to glare at my mother.
"You are with child, Ariel Sinclair,” mom says, raising her eyebrows at me.
###Chapter 0981
"I'm like barely with child! Oh, come on, a sip in celebration isn't going to hurt them!"
"Mommy wants her liquor," Jesse whispers to Marigold, his eyes wide with pretend worry. Goldie's mouth circles into an anxious little 'o' as she turns her gaze to me.
"Nope!" mom says, absurdly cheerful. "None! And no caffeine either - you've got to be healthy, Ari -"
"No coffee!?" I squeak, horrified. Rafe grins at me, delighting in my agony as I slump dramatically back against my chair. "I'll never make it. I'm not prepared for this."
"You'll be fine, cupcake," mom coos, petting my hair back from my forehead. "We'll get you some nice herbal tea."
I groan and then hold my glass out towards Marigold. "Here, Goldie, this is for you. You like apple juice, right?"
Her eyes flare with interest and Marigold hops off the couch, trotting over to me, her hands reaching for the glass. We all watch with interest as she takes her first sip of the drink, her eyes opening wide with joy as the liquid hits her tongue.
I laugh, gathering my little girl up into my lap for a cuddle as she takes sip after sip of the drink, clearly enjoying it even though she doesn't quite know what to do about the bubbles.
"When you going to break it to her that she's going to get some siblings?" Rafe asks, grinning, leaning forward to peer at his new niece.
"I think you just did you idiot," I say, laughing a little and petting Goldie's hair even
as I glare at my brother. "She's right here. She listens to everything."
"Oh, she doesn't know what siblings means," Rafe says, waving a dismissive hand and taking a drink of his champagne.
"Siblings," Marigold murmurs between sips, smiling down at the glass, proving us both right. I grin, watching her.
"I guess Jacks and I will do our best to break it to her whenever he gets out of there," I sigh, turning to look at the door to my parents' bedroom, anxiety running through me. I mean, I know that dad isn't going to do anything horrible, but still... Jacks has been through a lot lately. I just hope dad goes easy on him with whatever it is he wants to say.
"Oh, he'll be fine," mom says on a happy sigh. "And in the meantime, I get my baby girl all to myself without Jackson being all Alpha and possessive. Come on, trouble, let's do that health scan so I can ensure you're fit to carry my grandchildren."
"Okay," I say, shifting in my seat to lean closer to my mom, smiling a little as her warm lavender light begins to spill all over me.
Jackson walks to the center of the large bedroom before he turns toward the Alpha King, straightening his shoulders and slipping his hands into his pockets. His wolf stands steady in his soul, his snout low to the ground, watching, wary.
Because as much as Jackson's pretty sure the King means him no harm... Jackson is well aware that he did just accidentally impregnate the nation's eldest Princess. Second in line to the throne. And that...? there might be consequences for that. 
"Well?" Dominic Sinclair asks, prowling after Jackson and stopping about three feet away, the two Alphas squaring off, power and dominance radiating from each of them. "Do you have anything to say for yourself?"
Jackson goes
bit still, dread coiling in him. Because...god damn it, Dominic wants words? Words are the thing he's least good at. Jackson narrows his eyes, a little confused. "Sir...should I have something to say?"
Dominic stares at Jackson for a
second before his face breaks into a
e'
smile. "Nah, it's okay, Jackson. You can relax. I'm just putting you through your paces a bit for fun. It's not every day that your daughter gets pregnant and you get the opportunity to scare the living daylights out of her mate."
Jackson exhales a long sigh, letting his shoulders relax, his head hang a bit.
Dominic laughs, stepping forward to clap a hand on his shoulder.
"Consider me paced, sir," Jackson murmurs, raising a hand to rub at the bridge of his nose for a moment. Then he drops his hand and raises his head, meeting the King's eyes. "You're not angry with us? With...me?"
"You're a good kid, Jackson,"
Dominic says, giving his shoulder a squeeze. "I'm not angry with you. You've demonstrated yourself to be a strong and faithful mate to my daughter, dedicated to her
Rel
happiness and safety. And beyond that, you're a good addition to the family. I can't ask for more than that. There's nothing wrong, ever, with two people who are so clearly dedicated to each other bringing a child into the world."
Jackson nods slowly, a little frown taking his mouth because... "Well, then why the private chat?"
"Because," Dominic says, patting his shoulder once more before dropping his hand to his side. "You're good to Ariel, and good for her. But I want to see you do right by her."
Jackson raises his eyebrows, honestly surprised. "Am I...not doing right by her?" Dominic smirks at Jackson, waiting for him to put the pieces together.
###Chapter 0982
The King and the Alpha stand in silence, staring at each other.
Jackson breaks first.
"Please, Dominic," Jackson says, laughing a little desperate laugh, turning a palm over in a plea for mercy. "I - I don't get it. Please tell me what I'm doing wrong - I'll fix it, immediately I'll fix it."
Dominic bursts into another grin, shaking his head at the poor young man who is so talented in so many ways, and so na?ve in others. "You're mated to a public figure, Jackson. I'd like to see you make things official with Ariel - claim her. Publicly. As your mate."
Jackson just blinks at the King and then leans forward, confused. "But she is my mate," he says softly, narrowing his eyes. "Didn't I didn't I do that? She's got the mark..." he gestures unnecessarily to his own neck.
"She's your mate, and we all know that," Dominic says, nodding. But then he raises a hand, pointing it to Ella's bedstand. "But to the rest of the world you're the Mystery Hunk. And everyone in the country thinks my daughter is mated to the tragically unfaithful Luca Grant. It will thus be very scandalous when, in six months, she gives birth to two pups who look particularly...hunky."
Jackson groans, covering his face with his hands, hating to the ends of him that Dominic Sinclair knows about the whole 'mystery hunk' thing. Dominic laughs again, slipping an arm around Jackson's shoulders and leading him across the room, through the door of the closet, and then over to the mini bar that Ella keeps in there.
"So, what do I do?" Jackson asks with a sigh, accepting the very small dram of whiskey that Dominic pours for him.
"I'd like you to consider having a mating ceremony," Dominic says, pouring a second drink for himself and leaning against the minibar. He takes a sip of his drink as he studies his daughter's mate. "So that the world can see and acknowledge you as Ariel's choice. A member of the royal family. The father of her children. Public, official."
Jackson nods slowly, looking down into his drink. Anxiety rolls in him as he does. And it's not at all – that he would mind having a ceremony with Ariel in front of friends and family. That might actually be nice. It's just...the whole 'before the whole nation' thing. He's always been very careful, very private.
But now...
"You already chose this, Jackson," Dominic says softly. "Like her mother, Ariet shines like the sun. People are drawn to her, interested in her. She'll always be a celebrity. You knew all of that when you marked her. Clearly, you had time to walk away if that was too much. And clearly, there were others who were willing to take the spot." 
Jackson sighs, a little ashamed of himself for hesitating, and again raises his eyes
to Dominic's. "I know. I'm sorry, I agree. And I'm not hesitating - not really. I'm
just...it's been a lot to adjust to before nine in the morning."
"That I understand," Dominic says, moving closer to Jackson so that they stand side-by-side, their shoulders touching.
They stand like that for a long few moments, Jackson taking some time to gather his thoughts and feelings, Dominic letting him have the time Dominic smiles as Jackson adjusts, liking the boy a great deal, especially for his Ariel - his first little girl. Strong, steady, willing adoring. It's what he would have picked, if he'd had a choice. 
Dominic raises his eyes to the ceiling for a moment, sending a little prayer of thanks to the Goddess for this blessing, this good match for his little girl. And then for the two little babies, new additions to a family for them all to love.
A blessing, truly. All of it.
"Okay, so, what do I do?" Jackson asks, straightening his shoulders and looking towards the door, clearly ready now after a few minutes of contemplating. "Do we just...go to the Goddess's Temple and have the ceremony? Or..."
Dominic laughs, wrapping a hand around Jackson's elbow to hold him back, well aware that the kid would march Ariel down to the Temple right now if it's what was right.
"Don't worry about the cernet
just now, Jacks. Ella will handle all of that, after all. She'd kill you if you didn't let her throw Ariel Some big elaborate ceremony."
Jackson pauses and then nods, understanding that. He turns back to Dominic and raises his eyebrows, a question still there about what the hell to do next.
"Well, you should probably ask Ariel," Dominic says with a smile. "It's usually tradition. Though...I think I personally skipped that step when it came to Ella, so if you want to surprise her, there's some precedent for that."
"No," Jackson says, instantly. "I don't like surprises. I'll ask her. But...if there's time? Maybe I can do it in my own way? Not like... right now, in the living room?"
Dominic nods, letting him know that that would be all right - perfectly fine. "Don't wait too long. Ella can't keep ceremony planning a secret for any extended time. It will kill her."
###Chapter 0983
Jackson grins.
"Are you ready for all of this?" Dominic asks, his eyebrows knitting together with worry.
Jackson's smile falls. “Ready for what?"
"For...this," Dominic says, waving around to the ridiculous closet and all that it implies. "Fatherhood to three kids. A life as a member of the Royal family, a national figure, a political entity unto yourself. The Princess's consort. As the father to Princes and Princesses. It is...not a simple life, Jackson."
Jackson clenches his jaw and looks down into his drink, truly considering it. Inwardly Dominic's powerful wolf shakes out his fur, quite pleased with his new son-in-law, pleased that he takes the time to consider the question instead of just blurting out whatever it is he thinks Dominic wants to hear.
"I'm ready for it," Jackson says quietly. "Or, if there are ways that I'm not...I know she'll help me. If this is what life with Ariel and these children is, then I'm ready for it."
"Good man," Dominic says, putting his drink down and opening his arms to Jackson. Jackson goes a bit still, not knowing what to do, which just makes Dominic laugh as he steps forward and wraps Jackson up in a hug.
Jackson's eyes fly wide as Dominic presses a kiss to the side of his head because...he's never, ever had a mark of affection like that from another man. From a father figure, at that.
"I'm proud to have you as the father of my grandchildren," Dominic murmurs, stepping back and keeping a hand cupped around the back of Jackson's head. "We love you, kid. I love you. We're so pleased to have you as part of the family. We'll help you however we can."
Jackson clears his throat and swallows hard, looking down into his drink, at once incredibly pleased at the words and simultaneously remarkably embarrassed at the tears that line his eyes.
Dominic just smiles, missing nothing, and pats Jacks on the back. "Come on, let's go back out there," he says on a sigh, guiding Jackson back towards the door. "Ella's probably torturing Ariel. Making her eat a vegetable for the sake of the children."
"Ariel hates vegetables," Jackson murmurs, still a little dazed.
"Don't I know it," Dominic says on a sigh.
"Momm," I groan, holding a hand up and leaning away from her. "I don't want more pineapple - stop trying to force feed me!"
"It's for the babies!" mom snaps, mock-angry, laughing as she leans closer to me with a big piece of pineapple stabbed on the end of a fork. Isnarl and push her hand away just as a grape hits my head gasp and spin to glare at Jesse, who throws another. 
"This, too, is for the children," Jesse says, grinning like the demon he is, pulling another off the stem and winding back his arm. Rafe and Marigold laugh, Goldie reaching for the grapes in Jesse's hands, wanting to join in.
We all quiet down and go a bit still as the bedroom door opens again, turning our worried eyes on Jackson and dad as they come out.
"Dad!" Marigold shouts, abandoning her quest for grapes and jumping off the couch, dashing towards her father. Jackson's face breaks into a smile as he bends down and scoops the little girl high up into his arms. She laughs and pats at his face with her hands, grinning at him, clearly delighted. 
"Glad to see you're in one piece, Jacks," Rafe says, leaning back against the couch.
Jackson just smiles at my brother and then turns his eyes to me, his gaze warm and loving and proud and happy. My face breaks into a smile so big my cheeks ache.
"Okay, I've waited long enough!"
Mom says, waving her speared
pineapple victoriously over her head.
"Now that you're both here are you finally going to put me out of my misery and just tell me already? Please, please don't be withholding and make us wait for the birth in the name of some kind of horrible surprise –“ 
"Wait, what?" Jackson asks, his face twisting with confusion as he moves to me and perches on the edge of my armchair, his hand moving to my back, starting to move in slow and steady circles.
"Don't you toy with me, son-in-law,” mom snarls, narrowing her eyes and pointing the pineapple at his face. "Information! Now!"
"What are you talking about, Ella?" dad asks, laughing at her and stepping close, wrapping one arm around her waist from behind as his other hand reaches up and curls around her wrist, forcing her to lower her weapon.
"They're being cruel, Dominic!" mom whines, looking up at him all pouty, making me laugh. "They're keeping the babies' genders secret!"
I gasp, my eyes flying wide because I didn't even think of that!
God, what kind of mother am I, that I didn't even think to consider whether I'm having boys or girls or one of each!?
###Chapter 0984
"Oh my god!" I gasp, my hands flying to my mouth. "I didn't even think —“
"Tell me!" mom moans, leaning back against dad, pressing her eyes shut like she's very pained. "I have to go shopping! I have to know if I'm buying little tiny dresses or tuxedoes!" Rafe and Jesse laugh at mom. Dad presses a kiss to her hair, smiling down at her antics.
I just whip my head up to stare at Jacks in shock.
"Go on then," Jacks says, smiling at me and lifting his chin towards mom. "Put her out of her misery."
"What are you talking about?" I whisper.
He frowns at me. "What are you talking about?"
"Jackson, I don't know if the babies are boys or girls -"
"You don't?" he asks, his face twisting in confusion. Marigold looks up at him, studies his expression for a second, and then looks down at me, her face twisting just like his. I pause for a second, momentarily distracted by how amazing it is that they just look exactly the same -
But then my eyes fly wide and my hand whips out, smacking him on the arm. "Wait, you do!?"
"Of course I know!" Jackson says, laughing and shaking his head at me. "I knew instantly, from the first second that I became aware of the bonds -"
"Well then why don't I know!?" I shriek, staring at him and then whipping my head around to stare at the rest of my family, who all grin at me. "Do you all know!?"
"Of course we don't know, Ari," Rafe says on a sigh. "They're your kids, your bonds. But mom and dad always knew immediately when they figured out they were pregnant."
"Not true," mom says, pointing a finger at Rafe. "I didn't know yours, because I didn't know I was a wolf, and your dad had to -"
“Um, I think I need this to be about me right now!" I interrupt, rather shrill.
Mom just laughs and turns her face back to me, tilting her head to the side a bit. "It's not hard, baby. Just...look closely at them. You're not doing anything wrong - you were just distracted and didn't know what to look for."
I feel everyone's eyes on me as I exhale slowly and turn my attention inward to the two shiny new bonds in my soul, my wolf sitting proudly between them, her nose held high and her tongue lolling with happiness. I look a little closer, my mouth pursing tight, inspecting, trying to see...
But then I sense it, immediately. And I'm absolutely shocked I didn't notice it before.
I gasp, my eyes flying open, my head spinning up to stare at Jackson.
"Figured it out?" he murmurs, grinning widely at me, stroking a hand over my hair.
"Girls," I whisper, awed, one of my hands drifting to my stomach and pressing there to where my precious little daughters are growing. "They're girls!"
Mom squeals with joy, turning to face dad and bursting into tears.
Rafe and Jesse let out shouts of joy, both of them jumping up off the couch and giving each other big
tears coming to my own eyes, completely awed and overwhelmed and stunned for what feels like the tenth time today. 
hugs. But just stare at Jackson et
"Three daughters," Jackson murmurs, smirking at me and then leaning down to press a kiss to my mouth. “A year ago I didn't know any
girls, and now I've got four all of my
own." 
en FindNovel
I laugh a little, the sound shaky, and then reach up to wrap my arms around his
neck, pulling him closer for a moment, wanting the steady reality of him.
Three daughters. Jackson and I - we've got three daughters now.
God, but that's fantastic.
Heavens, but they're going to run us ragged. And I'm going to love every second of it.
"I can't wait to teach them how to snipe," I whisper into my mate's ear.
He laughs, pulling back enough that I can see him shake his head, even as he smiles at me.
Further congratulations go around then, with everyone hugging me and each other, celebrating the new addition to our family. Mark comes in from wherever his new bedroom is and it all starts again - the shock, the rs, the surprise, the wonder. And even as I laugh and bask in the
joy of this surprising morning...
I think about Juniper. And I wish, desperately, that she was here. She should know, of course, that she's got her first niece in Marigold. And that two more are on the way.
"We'll tell her," Jackson murmurs, sensing the direction of my thoughts and stroking my hair with his broad palm. "We'll go there and tell her."
"What?" I ask, my eyes going wide as I stare at Jacks. "How - how will we do that?"
Jackson smirks and lifts his chin towards Jesse. "He's got it all worked out."
I spin my head to stare at my cousin, appalled. "What are we waiting for!?"
###Chapter 0985
"A calm moment, Ari," Jesse says, flopping back down on the couch as Rafe gets Mark a glass of champagne. "If we could have a single day without a baby announcement or a world-shattering revelation, I'd be able to take a deep breath and arrange it."
I snarl at him, conceding the point, but narrowing my eyes. "Tonight," I snap, pointing a finger at him. "Whatever you have planned, we're doing it tonight." Jesse raises his champagne flute to me and nods, giving me his silent promise. Rafe grins at me as he returns to the couch, letting out a happy, content sigh as he and Mark sit down next to each other, each sipping their champagne.
"Don't get comfortable," dad says from his spot in the center of the room, still standing with his arms around mom. Mom's eyes are a bit vague and distant. I grin, because I know that mentally she's shopping - planning out all the things she's going to buy for the girls. Dad snaps his fingers at Rafe and smirks at him. "Just because we have good family news doesn't mean we don't have a job to do."
"What?" I ask, my smile falling a little bit, looking around at everyone as Jackson places a steady hand on my back, warm and supportive.
I just look up at him, completely confused - why does everyone know something that I don't?
"An all-day meeting about Community stuff," Jackson says, looking down into my face. "I'm sorry - I meant to mention it last night and it slipped my mind."
"Yeah, did you think we just came at dawn all dressed and ready to hang out with you, Ari?” Jesse asks, defying my father and lounging further on the couch.
"Yes, of course I did," I say, blinking innocently at him. My cousin grins at me, getting my sense of humor as he always does.
"Come on, you lazy things," dad says, snapping his fingers at the boys. "Leave Ella to force-feed your sister health foods, we've got a meeting."
"I can't come!?" I gasp, desperately jealous and not quite sure why I'm being left out.
"Someone has to watch your child, Ariel," Jesse says, rolling his eyes at me as he sighs and gets to his feet. "So, unless you want Jackson to sit it out —"
"Oh," I say, suddenly completely understanding. Yes - child care. One of us has to do that now.
I reach for our little girl immediately, my stomach twisting with delight when Marigold immediately reaches for me, coming willingly into my lap.
"But..." I say, looking around with a frown even as I settle Goldie in my lap. "Wait, what's going on? What are you talking about in the meeting?"
"Coordinating the assault on the North," Jackson says, his hand moving
soothingly over my back. "And just how much the Academy is going to be involved
in supporting those efforts. Apparently, the Cadets are eager to see more action, but the Captain and Roger have hesitations."
"Oh," I say my face twisting to the side as I consider this. I look at my mom. Well, I should probably be part of that. Will you take Goldie today?" 
Mom goes a bit still, studying me. "Of course I'd be happy to take Marigold, Ariel, but..."
I go still too, narrowing my eyes a bit. Because...why is there a hesitation there? The room goes quiet.
I slowly turn my head, looking around at everyone in the room. "What?" I ask, frowning. "What's wrong?"
"Ariel, why do you need to go?" Mark asks, leaning forward towards me, the only one not giving me a worried look.
"I mean, so I can be in on the
Can
conversation about how much the Academy is going to be involved," say, straightening my shoulders." mean I'm going to want to help with that, and as the only sniping@cadet..." 
My words fade off as Rafe grimaces and my family starts to look around at each
other, worried and pitying.
"What!?" I ask, my heart starting to pound now. "What's going on?"
“Ariel...” da? says, his voice a little sad. "I mean, the conversation was one thing when it was a question of whether Jackson could attend the Academy with a child..." 
My eyes widen as I start to figure out where they're going with this.
"Baby," mom says, her voice sad for me. "Your priorities are going to change - they almost have to now -"
"No." I growl, standing up, glaring around at all of them, clutching Marigold to my chest. "Absolutely not. I'm going back to school!"
"It's far too dangerous, Ariel," dad says, his voice cold and stern.
"I can protect myself," I growl, holding out a flat palm and conjuring my blue fire
there. Marigold gasps when she sees it for the first time, fascinated.
Still, my dad just shakes his head, taking a step away from mom and crossing his arms across his chest.
I raise my chin, ready for this fight.
###Chapter 0986
"Ariel," dad says, his voice low with warning. Rafe, Mark, and Jesse sit very quiet on the couch, looking between us.
But I ignore all of them, shifting my eyes to mom. "And what about everything you were saying this morning," I snap, vanishing my flame away. "About being able to have it all, to not have to limit myself simply because I'm pregnant?"
"Baby, I meant every word of that," mom says, pressing her hands to her heart, her eyes going wide. "But you have to acknowledge the reality that your life is different now - your life is going to change in a very physical way. And if your first pregnancy is anything like mine, you may need a great deal of bed rest! Why don't you simply...delay your education until the girls are born? Take a minute to
"If I stop now," I say, my voice getting creaky with sadness and worry, "I won't go back - how many women does this happen to? Who say 'oh I'm going to just take a step away for a moment,' and then they never go back? Why not do it now!? Just finish while I'm pregnant and the babies are young enough to sleep most of the day -"
"You're underestimating how much care and dedication an infant needs, Ariel," dad says, his voice stern but full of feeling. "Let alone two of them. The Academy is a dangerous place - you were injured and nearly died there several times -"
"So, I won't do any of the physical stuff!" I blurt out, desperate. "I'll - I'll just do the book learning!" I hesitate for a second. "And the sniping!"
"Yes, always a great idea to bring the infant children around the gigantic gun," Rafe says, going for some humor to lighten the situation. I spin my head to glare at him and he grimaces, putting his hands up in apology.
"Ariel, when the world finds out about your pregnancy you're immediately going to be a target for kidnapping and ransom," dad says. "You'll be much better guarded here -"
"I've got magic now to defend myself!" I snap out. "And! I'll have three huge powerful magical Alphas at my side!" I look around at Rafe and Jesse and Jackson. All of the air and fury goes out of me, though, when my eyes fall on Jackson and I see him looking up at me with a great deal of sadness.
I exhale all my breath in one great gush and step away from him, feeling completely betrayed. Because...the way he's looking at me...
"What?" I whisper, staring at my mate who so, so clearly agrees with my dad and everyone else in the room. Who doesn't want me to go back to the Academy anymore. "Are you...serious?"
"Ariel," Jackson says softly, his voice terribly sad, reaching a hand for me.
"Even you want me to back off, Jackson!?"
"Tiny," he says, his voice breaking, shaking his head at me as he stands and steps close. "I - I just want you to be safe want you all to be safe And you nearly died over and over again at the Academy. I could barely protect you - and so frequently I couldn't. And now that I have four?" He shakes his head, looking at me with such pleading in his eyes, wanting me to understand. 
But I just drop my gaze to the floor, not wanting him to see my tears in my eyes.
I feel just...so...defeated. Like everyone is against me and no one understands that I can do this. That I don't want to give up everything I've worked so hard for just because the Goddess decided it was time for me to get knocked up. It's just...so completely unfair.
"I can't believe none of you believe in me," I whisper, working hard to keep my tears from falling, not wanting Marigold to see them.
"It's not like that, Ariel," mom says softly, her voice trembling. Jackson reaches out and puts a hand on my shoulder his fingers tightening,
urging me to come closer. Buti net
shake my head and step away, not wanting that kind of comfort right now. 
Because if I accept the comfort, it means I've given in.
And I'm not ready to do that yet.
I sniff hard and raise my chin, shaking my hair back over my shoulders, putting on my best
Princess smile and aiming it at must
daughter. "Come on, Goldie. I've been kicked out of any position of military authority, so I've got some free time. Let's go hang out and eat chocolate." 
She looks at me for a moment, I think a bit worried, but then she nods and gives me a tiny smile in return.
Jackson sighs behind me as I start to walk away, heading for the hallway and my bedroom beyond.
###Chapter 0987
"Ariel," my mom calls after me. "Please, come and talk to us -"
"It's time for the meeting anyway, Ella," dad murmurs. "She needs space to think and we don't have any more time to talk."
As I head into the darkness of the hall Jackson's voice appears in my mind, soft and apologetic.
Do you want me to come and talk to you? Please - I'm having trouble understanding what's best right now.
I sigh, holding Goldie closer, and send Jackson a little pulse of love down our bond. Because I'm angry and frustrated and feel betrayed, but he's still my mate, and he's just expressing his opinion on what he thinks will be best for our tiny family. His first instinct, after all, is to protect us.
No, I respond back to Jackson, mind-to-mind, doing my best to sound cheerful and not be curt. You go...have your meeting. It's important. I'll just...take care of Marigold.
I can almost feel Jackson sigh as I open the door to the room and step inside, because he's well aware that we've just fallen into some gendered roles that we've never, ever subscribed to before. And he knows I'm not happy about it.
But I grin at Goldie and wrinkle my nose at her, not wanting her to see or feel any of it. Because the opportunity for an afternoon alone with my daughter - that's never a bad thing, is it?
"Should we order up a big breakfast, Golds?" I whisper, conspiratorial. "All the good stuff, nothing healthy?"
She beams at me and nods eagerly. I laugh, hoisting my daughter higher on my hip and heading over to the intercom to place our order.
Marigold and I have a very nearly perfect day together. We eat a big breakfast with chocolate-chip pancakes and a side of gummy worms. Then we have more bath time, which she loves, and for the first time I get to pick out an outfit with my little girl and dress her up for her day, an experience that...really demonstrates why my mom loves shopping so much.
Then we go and spend a long, leisurely day in the park with a picnic lunch. Mark comes too, which means our body guards can stand further back, and my baby brother keeps me laughing all day with his high spirits and silly sense of humor. He shows Marigold all of the miniature houses he made and hung for the squirrels, all connected with an intricate series of tiny wooden bridges that delight her.
And as perfect as the day is, the entire time is run through with a dreadful feeling in my soul that...everything has changed and is beyond my control now. That in falling pregnant I've lost authority over my life, just when I'd honestly felt like I'd finally gained it. My wolf presses herself warm against my heart, giving me a sad little howl in support, letting me know that she feels it too and encouraging me not to give up hope.
When we get back to the palace in the evening the family apartments are quiet, suggesting that the business with the Community is continuing.
Mark looks at me anxiously, but also glances at the door.
"Oh, go on," say, laughing a little and giving him a shove on the shoulder with my free hand, the other supporting Marigold as she drowses against my shoulder. "You don't have to babysit me." 
"I can though,” Marks says, shrugging sympathetically. "I love you, Ari. I don't want
to leave you alone if you're all upset."
"I'm not alone though, right?" I say, smiling at my little girl who yawns and snuggles closer to me.
"Love you, sis," Mark says, stepping close and pressing a kiss to my cheek.
I tell Mark that love him too and
then laugh and give him another. shove away, sending him off to
do...well, whatever it is that Market
does. Then I take Goldie into my room, settling her down in her bed for a little nap before dinner. 
When the door to my room finally opens again, the sun has long gone down.
Marigold and I are cuddled up in the window seat, a soft blanket wrapped around both of us, reading one of the picture books that Jesse borrowed from Seraphina.
"Dad!" Marigold whispers, turning her head towards him, a big smile spreading across her face.
Jackson can't help his returning
smile, even if the rest of his face and
his stance are very serious. He
sighs, closing the door and leaning
back against it, taking a moment to just look at us. 
"Hey, Jacks," I say softly, reaching a hand out for him, my heart filling at the sight
of my gorgeous sweetheart mate, all mine. "Come see us."
Jackson sighs and pushes himself up from the door, crossing the room to me.
###Chapter 0988
I scootch forward on the window seat, making room behind me. Jackson takes a moment to dip low, pressing a kiss to Marigold's cheek and then to her hair, telling her how much he missed her and how glad he is to see her. The little girl laughs, beaming up at her father, and I can feel both of our hearts wrench at how incredibly precious she is.
Then Jackson sighs and slips in behind me, his back against the wall, pulling me back so that my back rests against him.
"Here, Goldie," I whisper, placing the picture book firmly in her lap. "You play with this."
She looks down at the book for a moment before her eyes stray to the collection of little plastic ponies that Seraphina gave to her. I laugh and give her a little nudge, encouraging her to go play with those if that's what she wants.
I cuddle close to Jackson as we watch our little girl scurry over to the toys, dropping to her knees in front of them and beginning to play.
"How are you?" Jackson murmurs, his voice heavy and low, his mouth close to my
ear.
"I'm okay," I reply, turning my head to gaze up at him, all tingly and warm curled up in his arms like this. "How was the meeting?"
"It was...fine," he says with a little frown, his eyes searching my face. "It was difficult to pay attention. I kept thinking about you."
"Very unsoldierly of you," I say, giving him a smile, teasing.
He smirks and rests his cheek against my hair. "It was miserable. I felt horrible the whole time. I'm so sorry, Ariel."
"Don't be sorry, Jacks," I whisper, letting my eyes flutter shut. "You're just protecting your family."
"No, I should be sorry," he says, shaking his head. "When the exact same question was poised to me - whether or not I should continue to attend school now that I'm a father - you jumped to my defense. Not a single moment of hesitation before you were on your feet, defending my rights to continue my education. And I...completely failed you. I regret it." 
A little bit of grief coils in me there, because he's right. But I forgive him instantly. Jackson's had a challenging life and the past few months have asked him to grow so much. He's doing beautifully and I love him for constantly, always stepping up to the challenge, for wanting to grow.
"Do you think it's different?" I ask quietly. "Since like...you can leave the kids behind and go continue your education? And I'm kind of...attached to them right now?"
"I don't know," Jackson says, heaving a sigh. "I'm not trying to be evasive - I just...honestly do not have an answer for that, Ari. I need...a lot of books. I may not sleep again until I've read them all. What do you think?"
"I think that things are different," I whisper, settling my hands on my stomach and looking down at them. "But I'm not sure I can get behind any policy that says a woman is too pregnant to continue her education. Not for me and not for any of the women in our nation. It's not right."
He hums, nodding, agreeing with me. "I'm sorry I didn't think of it that way this morning."
"I owe you an apology too," I say quietly, looking up at him. "I'm sorry I huffed out
of there and didn't tell you to come talk to me. It wasn't fair.”
"I think we both needed space," he murmurs, nudging my cheek with his nose. "Emotions were high. We needed time to...figure out what we were thinking."
I nod, agreeing with it, but still meaning the apology very much. Jacks - I only want to be fair to him. And I can be temperamental and willful. I don't ever want him to suffer for that.
He snarls a little, playful and wanting, brushing his cheek against my hair and letting me know, down the bond, that he likes me quite temperamental and willful.
I smile, relaxing back against my
mate, letting the issue settle for a moment. I send a silent request for him to tell me everything that happened in the meeting. My mate complies, giving me all the details he can, telling me about how the Academy will shift its focus from tactics appropriate for fighting against Atalaxia to those more necessary for an internal fight against the Community. 
It's complicated, of course, by the fact that they're our people too. And further tricky because we know very little about what's going on up there in the North. But as Jackson continues to detail the kind of training that they've got planned, and tells me how central espionage Will be to the efforts, and reveals that volunteer units of Cadets are actually going to go north to participate in real action... 
###Chapter 0989
I can't help it. I just get incredibly jealous.
"Tell me," Jackson urges, feeling the shift in my emotions, tightening his arms
around me.
"I just want to do that," I say, laughing a little, shaking my head, feeling petulant. "It sounds so cool, and important, and... vivid. I want to do that work, Jacks. I want to help."
He nods, humming his understanding, letting me have the space to speak.
"I just...Jacks, I don't know if I'm going to be a very normal kind of mom," I say quietly, worried about it. "I don't think I can do it."
"What's a normal mom?" Jackson asks, genuinely curious.
"Like my mom," I say quietly. "Dedicated to raising the kids and keeping the family together. Letting the man in the house take charge."
"She does more than that."
"I know," I say on a sigh. "But...mom and dad fall into some really normal gender roles. It works for them. Family has always come first for mom - she loves it."
"You don't think you'll love it?"
"I think I will," I say quietly, looking out the window at our vast and beautiful country. "But I love other things too. I think I'm more like my dad. I think I want and need to have more balance. Are you okay with that?”
"Of course I'm okay with that." Jackson gives me a warm little nudge with his nose, letting me know that he means it. “If it helps, I don't think I'm going to be a normal dad either. Mostly because I have no idea what that entails."
I laugh, turning to him, smiling up into his face. "You're going to do great, Jacks." "So are you, Ariel."
I cuddle closer, pressing a kiss to his jaw.
"What I do know is that you and I are going to do everything we can to love and raise these girls," Jackson murmurs "And...I don't have any knowledge to back this up with, but I think that's all that really matters. And I think they'll be proud to have a badass warrior mom." 
"And if they don't?" I ask, a little smile playing at my lips.
"Then I'll...punish them..." Jackson murmurs, his voice clearly belying the fact that he has no idea what he's talking about. Or what that punishment would even look
like. Or how he'd ever actually have the heart to enact that threat.
I burst out laughing and Jackson
snarls, snatching me close, pressing me to him and letting me feel precisely how much I'm loved. Which is a great deal. Marigold looks over at us at the noise and smiles, two little pony toys clutched in her hands. 
"We're going to be great at it," Jackson whispers, kissing my temple. "I can just feel it."
"Yeah," I say on a sigh, resting against him. "We are, aren't we?"
He hums, confidence running through him alongside his very real worry that we have no idea what we're doing. But the confidence wins. We're going to figure it out and love the hell out of our kids.
"Only question is," Jackson says. "What do we do now?"
"What do you want to do?" I whisper, turning my head to look at him.
He shakes his head at me. "You lead on this, Ariel. What do you want?"
My lip quivers a bit as I look up at him, so touched in his faith in me. "I want to go to school," I whisper.
Slowly, his lips break into a smile. And then I shout with surprise as Jackson moves fast, hoisting me up into his arms and standing all in one big movement. Marigold squeaks as I burst into laughter, shaking my head at my mate as I secure my arms around his neck. "What on earth are you doing!?" 
"Taking you to school!" he booms out, laughing and striding for the closet. "Come
on, do you have any cadet uniforms in here?"
I laugh harder, shaking my head at him, spilling out protests that it's ridiculous and we have time and there's no rush.
But he pauses and grins at me, eager and kind. "If you've decided, Ariel...why wait?"
I bite my lip, going still in my mate's arms, and then burst into a wild grin. "Let's do
it!"
###Chapter 0990
Marigold, perched high on Jackson's arm, looks around the train station with wide eyes as she munches on a cookie. I bite my lip for a moment, watching her, anxious that she'll be anxious. After all, her life has already involved so much change...
"She's fine," Jackson murmurs, smirking down at me for a moment before turning his eyes back to our daughter. "She's just...interested. No fear. Right, Goldie-girl?" He presses a kiss to her cheek and Marigold gives a quick nod, not looking at him, instead staring out at all the interesting sights.
"Brave girl,” I murmur, reaching up to stroke a hand over her hair. “I wish I had a bond and could feel all that."
Jackson just smiles at me, wishing I did too.
"So, which one of these are we taking?" he asks, moving his eyes from mine and raising his chin at the line of trains resting at their platforms. It's very late in the evening and hardly anyone is around. "No royal car today, huh?"
"Nope," I say on a sigh, adjusting my backpack, which is mostly full of stuff for Marigold. After all, all Jackson and I really need are the cadet uniforms we've already changed into. I grimace a little, looking at the line of trains, because while we checked the schedule and ensured that one would be going past the Academy tonight...I honestly can't tell which one it is.
God damn it, I should have paid more attention the first time we ran away to the Academy. Rafe and Jesse did all the work.
"Lost?" A voice calls out behind us and my eyes go wide.
I inhale sharply as I spin, hardly believing -
Because how!? How did he know!?
Jesse grins at me, his hand slipped casually into his pockets as he strolls over to
us in his own cadet uniform, Midnight trotting at his side to keep up.
"Jess!" I gasp, dashing for him and throwing my arms around his neck. Jesse laughs and hugs me back. "What - what are you doing here!?"
"Ariel, did you think I'd let you run off to the academy without me?"
"How'd you know I was doing that!?"
He laughs again, pulling back a little to shake his head at me. "I know you, stubborn-little trouble brat. And I saw him looking all mournful all day," he says, nodding his head towards Jackson. "So, I knew he was going to give you whatever you
wanted. And I knew mom and
dad
cautioning against you going to school was just going to make you want to do it even harder. So," he shrugs. "I figured best bet was to show up here with my pet demon in tow," he nods to the side at Mids, "and see if you'd let me in on the plan." 
"Hey!" Midnight growls, snapping her hands to her hips.
I bite my lip, looking around Jesse's side, looking for Rafe, but...
"It's just me," Jesse murmurs with a sad little twist to his lips. "Don't be mad at
him. He's got his own things to worry about."
I nod, tucking away any little sadness that I might have and beaming at my cousin instead. "I'm so glad you're here."
"Aw," Midnight says, stepping towards me and frowning as she reaches out and tugs on my sleeve. "You're all wearing matching clothes. I want some."
"Marigold doesn't have any," I say, laughing and reaching for Midnight next, pulling her into a hug. "I'm so glad you're here. I can't wait for you to see the Academy."
"I've already seen it," she sighs, rolling her eyes even as she hugs me back. I laugh, realizing that she's right – she certainly did see the Academy when she was spying on us for all of those weeks in secret. "But yes, I am excited to go."
"You're not anxious to leave your yurt?" Jackson asks, petting an affectionate hand over Midnight's hair. I look up at him, smiling a little and curious about the very clear affection he has for Mids. Jackson is usually very restrained around other women - but perhaps Midnight's childish stature and na?ve tendencies make her an easier target for his affection. 
“No, Jesse says no one will mess with it and we put a sign up on the door saying any pups who go in it will be cursed," Midnight says, tilting her head back to smile up at Jackson. "Jesse says that will work because they already think Lam a witch. And that I can have a nice big bed at the Academy. He says I can have Rafe's." 
I grin, thinking that my possessive brother might have something to say about that.
"Midnight,” Marigold whispers, smiling widely at Jesse's mate even as she lays her sleepy head down against Jackson's shoulder.
"Hello, Golden One," Midnight says, grinning at Marigold, making me laugh at the nickname. “I am your elder, which means I am in charge and you have to respect me. You good with that?"
###Chapter 0991
Marigold laughs a little but just nods.
"Are we doing this?" Jesse says, glancing up at the clock that looms large over the entire station. "We don't have a ton of time."
Jackson looks at me and arches a brow. I laugh and nod, grinning at our little party. "Let's go!"
The next morning I wake up blissfully happy to be back in my nook. My mouth opens in a little yawn and I nuzzle closer to my mate's naked chest, all warm and cozy. I sigh, content, and reach out a hand that I brush over Marigold's soft head. She's curled up at Jackson's side, likewise nuzzled close, breathing deeply as she continues to sleep.
I bite my lip against a little squeal as I look at her as, half asleep, Jackson lifts a hand to my back, softly stroking up and down against my nightshirt.
I turn my head, pressing a kiss to his chest before I sit up a little, peering through the open curtain at Jesse and Rafe's beds, a form curled up in each, though Midnight's tiny body is barely visible amongst all of Rafe's bedding.
Last night was exhausting but completely worth it as the five of us stowed away in a box car like we did before and traveled the long distance to the Academy. Marigold slept most of the time but opened her little eyes to look up in awe at the castle up on the cliff, staring at it with true wonder. Midnight had been all determined enthusiasm too, asking me endless questions about chemistry that I answered as best I could.
But the moment when we settled down in the nook, ready for some much-needed sleep, was definitely the best part. It's a tight fit, after all, with three of us in my tiny little bed now. But despite my guilt at the fact that Jackson's feet still hang off the end of the bed as they always do, I have to admit that there's no place I'd rather be than here with my little family, all cuddled close.
I take a moment to check in my new bonds with the babies and laugh a little when I find Jackson's wolf already there alongside my wolf, both of them sniffing at the bonds and giving them a happy little lick to say good morning. The bonds don't respond - of course they don't, the babies are surely too small - but still, they look...bigger this morning? More vibrant?
I grin, incredibly excited to see them grow. God, I never thought much about what
it would be like to be pregnant, but I have to admit...I'm kind of loving it.
At least, until the morning sickness starts. Then I'm sure I'll despise it all.
A yawn breaks from Jesse's bed and I grin when I see my cousin sit up, his eyes still shut, rubbing at his brown hair. A little noise next to me makes me look down and I smile to see that Marigold's pretty blue eyes are open, looking up at me.
"Good morning, Goldie," I whisper, running my fingers through her hair. "How did you sleep?"
"Good," she whispers, shutting her eyes again and blearily rubbing her face against Jackson's side. "Breakfast?"
I laugh, thinking that she's certainly her father's daughter, and Jackson gives a little hum of agreement that I can feel resonating through his chest.
"Jesse's in charge of breakfast," I whisper to Goldie, giving her a little nudge. "Go bother him and he'll get you some."
My little girl grins and rolls over in the bed, swinging her legs off the edge and hopping down, rushing for Jesse.
"No!" Jesse moans, throwing his blankets up over his head and
cuddling back into his pillows & net
didn't agree to childcare! I refuse feeding responsibilities!" 
"Breakfast!" Marigold calls out, laughing as she jumps on his bed and starts rifling
through the blankets, looking for him. "Breakfast, Jesse!"
He snarls, mock threatening, making
her laugh harder. My little heart
soars as I watch them play and Ч
Jackson wraps his arms around me,
holding me tight, joy likewise thrumming through him. 
"Come on, Goldie," Midnight says with a yawn, sitting up in bed, her wild back curts all rumpled and standing up at odd angles. I grin, thinking she looks quite pretty as she holds out a hand towards my daughter. "Childcare is my responsibility. I will show you the magical food door in the wall - we will put a note in it and when the bell rings, there will be food!"
Marigold squeaks with excitement and jumps down from Jesse's bed, running for
her.
"This is amazing," Jackson murmurs, laughing a little himself.
"I know," I say on a happy sigh, turning my face to him. "Do you think -"
But before I can get any further, an angry knock comes at the door.
###Chapter 0992
"Ut-oh," Jesse says, turning to grin at me. "Looks like the secrets out."
"You could look less cheerful about it," I say, glaring at him even as I climb out of bed and move towards the door as Jackson pulls on his shirt. "It's not your education at stake, after all."
"Nooo, don't forbid me my glee," Jesse says, laughing a little as he, too, makes himself more presentable and stands up. I grin at him, knowing that he's just teasing – that he'll back me up no matter what.
I reach for the door handle as a second angry knock comes, but I don't let it rattle me, instead glancing over at Midnight and Marigold. Pleased to see that they're undisturbed and continuing their breakfast order, I take a deep breath and pull open the door.
The Captain glares down at me, livid.
"Oh hey, Captain!” I say, giving him my best Princess smile and tucking my hands innocently behind my back. "It's so nice to see you again - how've you been!?"
"Sinclair," he growls, taking an angry step forward to loom over me. He opens his mouth to begin what I'm sure is a long and fervid lecture about not letting girls into the castle.
But then he suddenly goes very still, staring at me, his eyes going wide as his mouth falls open.
And I just grin, knowing that he probably just caught a whiff of my scent.
I hear and feel Jackson coming to stand behind me, steady and strong, my Alpha ready to protect me and our two little baby girls against anything the Captain might say or do.
"Captain," Jackson says, his voice rumbling low with warning. "Good morning. Would you like to come in?"
"Hi!" Jesse calls, a little too cheerful.
I suppress a grin and step back from the door, waving a hand to invite the Captain further in.
He doesn't move, just continues to stare at me. "You're...you're..."
"Knocked up!" Jesse supplies, gleeful.
"Jess!" I sigh, turning to glare at him a bit.
"I mean, it's true," my cousin says with a shrug, grinning at me.
"Yeah well, he brought his mate," I say, pointing over at Midnight, who puts the breakfast order into the dumbwaiter and shows Marigold how to shut the door and push the button that will deliver her magical commands. “And she's possessed by Darkness. So. I'm not the only one breaking the rules." 
"To be fair," Jackson murmurs, slipping a hand around my waist and pulling me back against his chest. "I don't actually think the Cadet handbook has any clauses that forbid Cadets from getting pregnant. So, you might be in the clear there."
My eyebrows raise as I turn my eyes back on the Captain, indicating that my mate might have a point.
Something about this breaks the Captain out of his shock and he snarls, stepping into the room and leaving the door standing open in his rage. "This is - this is ridiculous - I will not have this kind of anarchy at my school!"
"It's not anarchy," Jesse murmurs, walking to the center of the room and seating himself down in his armchair. "I think you'll find that we're very organized."
"Organized," Marigold whispers, tottling over to Jesse, who scoops her up and seats her comfortably in his lap, pressing a kiss to her hair. Midnight follows, giving a happy little wave to the Captain, sitting in Rafe's chair.
The Captain just stares at both of them in shock before his eyes quickly dash to Marigold, and then up to Jesse's face and back. But then his head whips to Jackson, putting together the undeniable fact that the little girl is Jackson's daughter, not Jesse's.
“Cadets are not allowed to have children,” the Captain growls, leaning towards Jackson to glare at him. "And if they do, they are not to take residence at the Academy -"
"Well, I've got three now," Jackson says with a shrug, evenly meeting the Captain's gaze, his arm tightening around me. "And I don't think Ariel is letting any of them go anywhere."
The Captain just stares at him, again stunned, trying to put together the math that makes that statement make sense -
"Twins," I whisper, grinning and pointing at my belly.
The Captain shifts his eyes to me. "We've made exceptions for you before, Sinclair, but this goes too far - the Academy is far too dangerous a place for a pregnant woman -"
"I'm not pregnant!" Midnight calls, sounding far too proud of the fact. "So I can stay!"
The Captain whips his head to stare at her for a second before returning
his eyes to me. "You are hereby disenrolled, Sinclair,” the Captain growls, still livid with me for thinking I could just show back up and everything will be fine. "We can discuss your continued enrollment after you've..." he stumbles for the
words, his eyes moving down to my
belly. "Produced the children..."
I sigh, tilting my head to the side, not letting his anger and his commands ruffle
me. After all, we've had time to prepare for this.
"I'm afraid that timeline isn't going to work for me, Captain," I say, heaving a little shrug. "I'll be continuing my enrollment now. We'll each have to find ways to adjust."
The Captain's face starts to redden with rage at my open defiance. "You cannot -"
###Chapter 0993
"If I'm dismissed from the Academy now," I interrupt, holding up a hand and conjuring up my blue flames, which make him take a step back in surprise. "Then the military of Moon Valley loses the opportunity to train and make use of its most powerful weapon. Which, if you ask me, is far too much of a loss when the solution is simply to make a slight adjustment to the rule book."
He snarls at me, teeth flashing. "Obviously we value your powers, Ariel, which is why I suggest you return after your...confinement. It is far too dangerous for a pregnant woman to train at the academy!"
"Eh," I say, glancing at my fire and then vanishing it away. "If I leave now I don't think I'll ever come back. I'll be far too busy caring for my children, building a home for my family, learning my place. You know," I say, giving him my prettiest smile - one that likewise shows all my teeth. "Women's work."
Jackson growls softly behind me, giving me his full support.
"That is not what I mean," the Captain growls, unhappy to be put in this position.
Another voice drawls from the door. "Then what do you mean?"
I gasp with delight, my head spinning to see my favorite professor leaning
casually in the doorframe. Neumann gives me a little half smile in greeting before turning his eyes back to the Captain.
"What's the problem here?" Neumann asks, the little smirk still curling his lips. "Are you presuming that pregnancy has rendered the girl unable to read?"
“Don't speak to me like I'm a fool, Neumann,” the Captain growls, his anger growing and becoming more palpable in the room. "Obviously this has nothing to do with her intellectual capacities. It is the physical training which puts her in danger and makes us liable, not to mention the continued threat of insubordination -"
“Oh, Ariel's talents never leaned towards the physical anyway,” Neuman says on a sigh, waving a lazy hand to dismiss the Captain's concerns. "She's always been crap at that."
"Hey!" I snap, straightening up with a frown.
"Ariel, any Alpha in this room could knock you down with a flick of their finger and I refuse to be impressed simply because you can pull a trigger with moderate accuracy."
"My accuracy is more than moderate," I growl. To my surprise the Captain nods along with me, still glaring at Neumann.
"It doesn't matter," Neumann says with a sigh, waving that lazy hand at me in turn as he refocuses on the Captain. “The point is that the girl's education plan was always individual anyway. We'll simply keep her away from the knives. Yes?"
The Captain sighs, clearly outmatched here, and ducks his face into his palm even as he shakes it. "God damn Sinclairs," he mutters. "I...need to talk to Roger and Dominic about this."
I nod, accepting this, recognizing that even his willingness to talk to my dad is a victory. Neumann smirks at me and nods, silently agreeing that we've taken the cake on this one.
"Okay, me now!" Midnight says, jumping up from Rafe's chair and striding over to us, her hands firmly planted on her waist. "I'm going to enroll! Please make me a uniform!"
Neumann's face bursts into a delighted grin. "What on earth are you?" he asks, bending down a little to see her better.
The Captain groans, lifting his face from his hand. "No. Absolutely not. No little girls in the Academy - you have to go." He points at Marigold. "That one too."
Jesse gasps dramatically and cuddles Marigold closer. "How dare you, this is a Princess of our realm -"
"Oh, no she is not," the Captain scoffs, folding his arms over his chest.
I bare my teeth at him, growling, and he turns to me, blinking with surprise. "What!?"
"That is my daughter, Marigold," I say, raising my chin, quite proud. "You will take care to show her the respect she deserves."
"Come on, Goldie," Jesse murmurs, his big smile clearly betraying how much he's enjoying this. "We're too important to deign to debate your royal status." He stands, holding her close and wandering over to the window. 
"I'm still primarily interested in this creature," Neumann murmurs, pointing at Midnight.
"No other girls," the Captain growls, turning to glare at Neumann and Midnight in turn.
"No, you have to let me in," Midnight says, tossing her hair back over her shoulders, p?im and smug. "I'm very important. No one can do what I can do. You will let me enroll and I will
study Chemistree and be a spy." 
"I said -"
"All right," Neumann says, blatantly ignoring the Captain. "Go on, kid. Show us
what you've got."
Midnight grins, wicked and gleeful,
and then her shadows erupt from her. I gasp, a bit shocked to see her completely fade from sight in a cloud of darkness, her edges blurring into darkness. She dashes away then to the dark corner of the room where she becomes indistinguishable from the wall. 
"Fantastic," Neumann murmurs, smiling widely, shaking his head.
“Oh god,” the Captain says, sighing heavily and looking up to the ceiling. “This is
becoming a finishing school for incredibly dangerous magical girls."
I burst into a grin, absolutely loving that idea.
###Chapter 0994
"Come back here," Neumann calls, pointing at the ground in front of him. Midnight appears again in the corner, dismissing her shadows, and dashes back over, smiling her delight.
"Are you seriously encouraging this?" the Captain murmurs, shaking his head and heaving a big sigh.
Neuman doesn't reply, instead narrowing his eyes at Midnight. "Are you smart?"
"Plenty smart," she says, giving a sharp nod.
"Where were you educated?"
"My yurt."
Neumann pauses for a moment and then moves on. “Do you have advanced chemistry and mathematics?"
"Nope!" Midnight says, tucking her hands behind her back and giving her head a firm shake. "But Ariel says she will tutor me all summer and I'll be ready for the fall."
"All right," Neumann murmurs, his voice dropping low, his mouth drawing to a thin line. "Let's quiz you, then, to see if you have the mental capacity to enroll in this school. If there are eighteen bananas and six coconuts that you need to split between a pack of baboons and another of monkeys who are at war, how do you split them up to effect piece?"
"What on earth does that have to do with her capacity for espionage?" the Captain blurts out, exasperated.
"I want to see how the girl's mind works,” Neumann murmurs, keeping his eyes on Mids.
Midnight cocks her head to the side, her eyes squinting in thought. "I'm afraid that I need more information to solve this puzzle."
"Such as?" Neumann asks.
"Such as...what is a coconut?" Midnight says, fastening her eyes seriously on his face. "And I need to know whether or not in can be used as a weapon."
Neuman's face spreads into a wide smile. "It can."
"Then I take all the coconuts for myself, to enforce control," she says, her mouth spreading into a wicked smile. "And all the monkeys and the baboons recognize me as their King. And I give bananas to my favorites to ensure their loyalty."
Neumann laughs a little, clearly delighted with the girl, and then turns his head to the Captain. "I mean, if she can pass through the Candidate stage, I definitely want her."
The Captain rolls his eyes as Midnight eagerly bites her lip. "I'll pass!" she says, nodding, eager. "I'm sure I will! I'll kick all their butts!"
"I look forward to watching your progress," Neumann says, leaning forward to her with a friendly smile.
"All of this is out of order," the Captain growls, glaring around at all of us. "We cannot have children and unenrolled girls living in the Castle - it's an impossibility
"Well, I'm actually not sure that that's a huge problem," Jesse calls from the window. Curious, I turn to see him with a huge smile spreading across his face.
"What?" the Captain asks, his face falling at the evidence of a new undesired surprise.
"Come here," Jesse says with a laugh, waving us over.
Marigold, leaning towards the window, gives an excited little shout. Baffled, I glance up at Jackson, who just shrugs at me, and then together - followed by Midnight, Neumann, and the Captain - we head over to the window, all peering out together. 
-
"Oh my god!" I gasp, my hands immediately flying to my mouth.
A moment later tears start to spring to my eyes and I spin away from the window, dashing for the door.
"Mom!" I call, running across the lawn at the base of the castle. "Mom, are you kidding me!?"
She turns, a huge smile spreading across her face, a laugh breaking from her as she sees me coming with my entourage of family and professors following behind.
"Hi baby!" she calls, waving to me.
But I barely have time to look at her, distracted instead by the four houses that are being removed from their spots on a train with the aid of several trucks and complicated machines.
"Oh my oh my god," I whisper,
-
fascinated and thrilled as I stumble to her side, watching the most adorable tittle cottage being lowered to the flat grass. "Did you are you bite my lip, desperately wanting one of the little houses to be for me but hesitating even to ask. 
"Oh, of course it's for you, darling," Mom says on a laugh, her eyes crinkling at the corners as she wraps me up in a hug. I shriek with joy, hugging her back as I feel Jackson and the rest catching up with us.
"But why are there four!?" I whisper.
"Well, you didn't think I was going to
let you move to the Academy and not let me have daily access to my grand-daughters for the first year of their life, she says, pulling back to look at me like I'm insane. "Plus, my little Goldie-girl needs her grandma too!" she says, stepping close to Jacks to press a kiss first to
Marigold's cheek and then his.
I gasp, delighted, my eyes flooded with tears. "Mom, that's too much!"
"It's just enough, baby," Mom says, turning back to me and cupping my cheek in
her palm as Jesse and Mids come to joins us.
###Chapter 0995
"We won't be here all the time." A new voice surprises me and I turn, starting to cry in earnest when I see my dad come around one of the houses, Rafe at his side. "We have a country to run, after all." He grins at me, opening an arm.
“Dad,” I croak, shaking my head and tucking myself against his side when he comes close. "Are you - are you serious with all of this?"
"It was all Rafe's idea," dad says, grinning over at my brother, who gives me a wink.
"Me and Jesse came up with it," Rafe says with a laugh, tucking his hands into his pockets. I gasp again and whip my head to the side to stare at Jesse, who just laughs. “I just drew the short straw of having to convince mom and dad about it and arrange the spur-of-the-moment purchase of four ready-made homes while the rest of you got to have a fun train adventure."
"So," I whisper, looking back up at my dad. "This is...this is all happening? I can stay? I can enroll?"
"You clearly already decided, baby trouble,” dad says, stroking a hand over my hair. "And you were right. We never wanted to restrict you from your education, Ariel, we just...wanted to make sure you were safe while you did it. And the Captain is correct," he says, nodding to the man in question, who walks over with Neumann. “It isn't practical to have Midnight and Marigold or the infants living in the Castle with all of the Cadets. We should be grateful to Rafe for this clever compromise."
"So, me and Jacks," I say, my eyes catching on a little blue cottage that I desperately want to be for me. "And one for Midnight, and you, and..." Confused,
I look up at my father. "Wait, who's the fourth one for?"
"Cora got jealous," mom says, rolling her eyes. "She said she wanted one too."
I burst out laughing, shaking my head and hugging my dad again. "Thank you all. So, so much."
"We love you, baby," mom says, coming close and pressing a kiss to my hair. Dad wraps his arm around her instead of me, smushing me between them in a very loving sandwich. "Although your kids had better be cute, because this was expensive."
I laugh, shaking my head and rolling my eyes. "Of course they're going to be cute," I sigh, happiness ringing through me like the peal of a bell.
We all spend the next few hours ironing out the details of what my continued education will look like, watching as the houses are carefully placed in a little line next to each other, engineers moving expertly around them to ensure that they're all perfectly level and safe. Jesse and Rafe voyage into the Castle and return with breakfast supplies and a surprisingly lovely and calm morning passes with most of us seated on blankets, watching our little village come together.
"They might not have septic and plumbing until tomorrow," mom says, grimacing over at me as I lean against Jackson's side with Marigold in my lap, all of us watching with interest. "Will you survive?"
"We'll make it Jackson says,
it
nodding to mom even as he keeps
his eyes on the work. "I just got
plumbing eight months ago. Marigold still probably thinks it's magic. We'll make do for as long as we need to." 
I turn my head and privately stick my tongue out at mom, letting her silently know that...I'm going to need that septic tank and water system installed as fast as possible. Ske wrinkles her nose at me and nods, letting me know she's on it. 
"Which one is mine?" Midnight asks, walking over with Jesse, her hands on her hips. She looks quite happily at the houses, well pleased with them.
“Oh, we're just setting you up in a tent outside,” Jesse says, slinging a casual arm around her shoulders.
She gasps, appalled, but then snarls when she looks up at his face and sees that he's kidding.
"We thought the little cabin would suit you, Midnight," mom says, nodding to the tiny rustic cabin that's situated next to the blue house that I've mentally claimed as my own.
"Good," Midnight says, nodding once. "I like that one best. Very defensible."
I grin at her even as the head engineer, standing at dad's side outside the blue house, turns to us with a wave and a nod.
"You ready?" mom says, turning to me, Jackson, and Marigold with a smile.
"Yes!" I say, getting eagerly to my feet. "Are you?" I ask, watching Jackson get up, a big smile on my face.
"Sure," Jackson says with a shrug,
looking over at the house as he
hoists Marigold up on his hip and runs a hand through his hair. "I mean, I've never been in a house before. Kind of crazy that the first one I'll go into will be...my house." 
My mouth falls open as I stare at my mate, shocked.
###Chapter 0996
"What do you mean you've never been in a house before!?" I cry, smacking my mate on the arm.
He grins down at me and Marigold does too. "I mean, when would I have been in a house, Ariel? I grew up in a barracks cabin with a bunch of other boys, and then moved to the city where I lived in an apartment building. From there I lived in the candidate barracks and then the castle..." he raises his chin towards the castle on the cliff as I just stare at him, slack-jawed, realizing that he's right.
"That's so weird, Jackson," I whisper, shaking my head at him.
"It's nice having a feral friend," Jesse says, stepping close and clapping a hand on Jackson's shoulder. "Come on, my guy. We'll domesticate you and, in doing so, introduce you to the wonders of the single-family home."
Jackson laughs and takes my hand as we all walk up the short steps to the adorable little porch and then through the front door into our little blue house. Unsurprisingly, my eyes mist immediately at the thought that this is our first little home together as a family. That this is where Marigold will get to know her new sisters, and where we'll have so many new experiences.
"You happy?" Jackson asks, stroking a hand over my hair as I look around at the sweet little living room, still bare of any furnishings or decorations but completely full of possibility.
I press myself to his side, tucking my face against his chest, wrapping my arms around his waist, completely overwhelmed. "Yeah, I'm happy," I squeak, meaning it utterly as my wolf pounces around in my soul, rubbing herself warmly against Jackson's wolf and then darting over to the two new little bonds, just...completely thrilled.
"Good," Jackson says with a happy sigh, looking around the room with interest as he wraps an arm around me, holding me close. "I'm happy too."
We stand quietly in the center of the room together for a long time, our family happily milling around us. But while they chat and talk about the possibilities and all of the furniture mom ordered to fill the room - which is apparently being delivered this afternoon - I find myself a bit breathless and wordless.
Just...completely happy, totally blessed.
My dad looks over at me and, sensing my mood, gives me a happy smile and a warm nod.
And I smile right back, knowing that he could have said no to all of this.
But that he is, in fact, the best dad on the planet - always supporting our dreams and doing everything in the world that he can to make them come true.
The rest of the day passes in a rushed blur. Dad spends a great deal of time meeting with the Captain and the rest of the staff, going over documents and reconsidering both the rules of the Academy as well as my individual learning plan. And as much as I sigh to see that my lessons with Blaze will be less violently focused for the time being - more stretching, less punching - I resign myself to the realization that adjustments do indeed have to be made. 
I'm pregnant, after all, and happily so. There are some things that I'm not going to be able to do.
But not much, my wolf says, trotting around smugly in my soul, her nose lifted high in the air.
Right, I say, nodding internally. Not much at all.
As dad works, mom supervises the delivery and distribution of four houses' worth of goods as well as a surprising amount of clothing for Marigold.
"Mom," I whisper, watching it all be delivered and carried in by Jackson, Rafe, and Jesse (who grumbles about every box). "How...did you do all this? I mean, have you been shopping for years?"
"I admit," mom says, hands on her hips, directing the boys to carry a particularly plush sofa into the
house she's designated as hers and dad's. "strained even my own, shopping skills last night and today. I barely slept. I'm going to need some time to restore my energy." 
"So, like, you'll start again tomorrow?" I ask, dry.
Mom laughs and wraps an arm around me, tugging me close. "Well, someone has to clothe these little twins, Ariel, and I know you're going to be too busy to do it. If
it was up to you they'd run around in their diapers for the first three years of their life."
I laugh, hugging her back, grateful for my mom in turn and realizing that...she's probably right.
By the time night falls it's shocking how well-equipped the little houses are. Only mine has running water and plumbing for the moment, but we've been assured that the others will be updated tomorrow.
"Wow," I say, flopping onto my brand-new couch and pulling Marigold up onto my lap, looking around at my living room which has all the basics it needs for life and company. "This is...amazing."
"I know," Jackson murmurs, settling down next to me on the couch and peering into the tiny kitchen, where mom is making me a cup of herbal tea and dad is pouring whine and whiskey for those of us who are able to partake. Rafe and Jesse are gone for the moment, getting Midnight settled in her own little house. 
###Chapter 0997
"All right," dad says, coming back in with mom and settling the tray of drinks on the coffee table. Mom hands me my tea before going to perch on the arm of the big lounge chair that dad sits in. "Tell me about this plan to adopt Marigold."
My eyebrows go up. "Sorry?" I ask, looking between him and mom, realizing that mom must have told him about it. Which is not a surprise - mom and dad talk about everything and rarely, if ever, keep secrets. "Is it...a problem?"
Jackson tenses a little, likewise looking between my parents.
Goldie gives a little squeak, reaching for some coloring supplies on the floor, and I lower her on to down. She dashes over to the coloring book and picks up a fistful of crayons as I turn back to my mom and dad, giving them my full attention.
"It's not a problem," dad says, shaking his head slowly, his sharp green eyes on me. "Your family is your own, Ariel, and if you're kind enough to welcome a child into it as your own then I certainly won't stop you. But there are certain complications."
My eyebrows go up and I glance up at Jacks, who sends a pulse of confusion to me down the bond, moving a little closer to my side.
"What complications?" I ask, a bit soft.
"Have you considered," dad continues, looking between both of us now, "that your adopting Marigold as your daughter places her third in line to the throne?"
My eyes go wide because...nope. I hadn't considered that at all. I sit back against the couch cushions, dazed at the realization that my dad is right. I mean, I'd always assumed that Rafe would pass the throne along to his own children -
But if his mate is Maryam, and she's human, then they probably won't be able to have kids. So, unless they adopt...
My eyes turn towards the little girl on the floor, happily scribbling over a picture of a cat with vivid pink crayon.
"Oh my god," Jackson murmurs next to me. "I didn't...I didn't even think of that..."
"That in itself is not a problem," dad continues, his own gaze moving to Marigold on the floor. “Except that...this is a child with ties to the Community, just like your mate. And the Community likely understands themselves as having a claim on her."
"Which means..." I whisper, "that some could understand Marigold's reign as the Community having a claim on the throne."
"Precisely correct," dad intones, sitting back in his chair and putting a hand on mom's back, letting me and Jackson put together the pieces and consider it.
Jackson growls softly at the idea of the Community having any claim, at all, to Marigold or the throne. But I shake my head at him, denying it.
"She's ours, Jacks," I whisper, willing him to believe it. "She won't even remember the Community - in fact, she wasn't even ever there, right? They have no true claim on her. And we'll raise her to be a patriot - to understand her responsibilities and be a good Queen -"
"Whether or not we claim her and she understands herself as Princess of Moon Valley doesn't mean the
Community will too," Jackson says t
shaking his head. "Or that Moon Valley will accept it. A child not of the Sinclair line..." he sighs, moving his eyes back to Goldie, who is blissfully unaware of how complicated this discussion is. 
"She is of the Sinclair line," I growl, hating the idea that anyone would see her as outside of it.
"Not by blood," dad says. I whip my eyes to him, my growl growing. He tilts his head to the side, holding my gaze, giving me a little warning to watch myself. "It's the reality, Ariel. And whether or not we understand Marigold as entirely a member of our family which we do, and will - it won't stop others from protesting her right to the throne." 
"That is my daughter," I say, willing and determined, leaning forward and pointing
at my little girl. “I claim her as such. Everyone else will just have to...deal with it."
"Maybe she...shouldn't be..." Jackson says with a frown, still looking at our little girl on the floor.
My eyes dart up to him, flashing wide. "What!?"
"I mean," he murmurs, looking down at me and putting an arm around my back, trying his best to be warm and comforting, "She'll be ours, Ariel. But should she really be a Princess of Moon Valley? Or does it cause more trouble than its worth? You know titles don't mean much to me. Maybe she's just our daughter and the next two are the Princesses." 
I bare my teeth at my mate, hating that thought.
###Chapter 0998
"That is my daughter, Jackson," I say, pointing at Marigold again. "We agreed on this. We're going to take her to the Goddess, ask her to fully recognize her as such. And as my daughter, she is due all of the rights, privileges, and responsibilities of a Princess of Moon Valley. I don't care if there's no genetic connection there - I'm not going to approve of any situation in which Marigold is marked as anything different than her sisters. If they're Princesses, then so is Marigold."
"Ariel..." Jackson says, hesitating, not sure he can ask that of me.
"If you don't like it then I'll step down from my place in the line of succession," I say, pressing a hand to my heart, meaning every word of it. "But all three of my daughters will be the same. I won't accept anything else."
Jackson clenches his jaw and cups my cheek in his hand, I think desperately touched by my passion on this issue, by my defense of our little girl. But he sighs a moment later, looking over to my parents, wanting their guidance. "What do you think?"
"I think the choice is yours," dad says, looking seriously at us and nodding. "But you should be aware of all the implications. Whatever you decide, I will support you."
Jackson turns back to me, leaving the answer in my hands.
"This is what I want," I say, nodding at my parents and then down at our little girl. "Princess Marigold Sinclair, our eldest child and our heir. Equal in every way to her sisters." I press a hand to my stomach, sending a pulse of warmth and determination down my new twin bonds, wanting them to know - even if they can't understand it yet - that I'll fight for them too, no matter what.
"All right, Ariel," dad says, grave and a little proud. "If that's what you've decided then I support you."
I look up to give him a steady nod. But when my eyes fall on my mom, whose eyes are shining with happy tears, my face breaks into a smile. She gives me a slow nod, letting me know that she thinks I've done right. I sigh, relaxing against Jackson, bolstered by her faith in me. She, after all, was a little orphan girl just like our Goldie. 
Her approval in this moment is all I need to know that I've done right by my girl.
Before any of us can say another word, the door opens and Jesse and Rafe stroll in, Midnight happily striding between them.
"Excuse me," Jackson says, turning towards the door with a smirk. "But I was told that it's customary to knock before entering someone's house."
"Oh, you don't know what you're talking about Jesse says, grinning and flopping himself into an arm chair before snatching up one
glasses of whiskey from the fa
tray on
the table. "But as it's your first time in a house, I forgive your innocence." 
"It's true," Rafe says, nodding sanguinely as he takes a seat on the floor next to Jesse's chair. “The rules get bent for family. We can come and go at will."
Jackson narrows his eyes, not sure
he believes this, and Rafe just gives him a handsome smile, clearly telling him he has no choice in the matter, grin, looking between them, quite pleased to have our entire family feel completely at home here. 
Midnight steps to the edge of the couch, smiling around at everyone, about to take the final empty seat next to Jackson when my dad surprises us all by standing up.
"Don't get so comfortable, young lady," he says, his eyes on Marigold as he crosses his arms over his chest. "You and I need to have a word."
###Chapter 0999
Midnight's eyes go wide as she stares up at dad. "We do?"
"Yes," he says, nodding gravely and tilting his head towards the door. "Come on."
Jesse moves to stand up but dad puts a hand out towards him. "If Midnight is mature enough to enroll at this school then she's got to start to make her own decisions," dad says.
"Why?" Jesse asks, his brows knitting. "Ariel takes Jackson everywhere for moral support and no one protests. Mids," he says, fixing his eyes on her. "If you want me there, I'll come along."
"No," she says, her voice wavering a little as she looks between Jesse and dad. “I, um...yes. I'll come and talk to you. You're right, I have to start...standing on my own."
I gulp a little, thinking that Midnight has perhaps stood on her own for far too long. But still, I know dad will be kind to her, so I don't say anything. Dad nods seriously at Midnight and heads for the door. The young woman follows him outside, her curls bouncing.
When the door shuts we all turn towards the window, watching them talk.
"Mom?" Rafe says, anxious. "What's this about?"
"He's telling her there's been a rule change," mom says quietly, likewise watching, her face as anxious as the rest of us. "Starting this fall, girls will be allowed to enroll in Alpha Academy if they can rank highly enough as a candidate, the same as any boy."
I gasp in delight, spinning my head to grin at her.
Mom takes a moment to flash a little smile at me before turning her eyes back to the window. “Yes, we talked about it at length and we believe it's right. The girls of Moon Valley can offer as much to our military as the boys. But," she says on a sigh, her tone dropping, "he's also telling Midnight that while her gender is acceptable, her connection to Darkness is not."
My heart drops, dread filling me as I realize the meaning behind her words.
Jesse groans, ducking his head into his hands.
"Shit," Rafe says on a sigh, shaking his head. "Midnight is...not going to like that."
His words are proved correct an
instant later as Midnight bursts into tears. Dad sighs and pulls the girl into a hug, holding her through her difficult emotions, looking through the window towards all of us with a grave expression. 
I knock softly on my bedroom door, biting my lip, worried for Midnight. She and Jesse have been in there alone for about an hour now, talking things through. Mom and dad have left, headed back to the Capital on the night train.
Jackson, Marigold, and Rafe watch me from the living room, the remains of dinner spread out over our little coffee table. When no response comes from my knockl shrug at them, not knowing what to do Rafe waves his fingers at me, clearly telling me to try again. 
"Mids?" I call, again knocking softly. "Um, can I come in?"
There's a pause. "It's your room, Ariel," comes a bitter little voice. "You can do whatever you want."
I sigh and twist the doorknob, pushing open the door and peeking inside.
Jesse and Midnight are both sitting on the bed, her pressed up against the headboard and him seated at
the bottom, his legs curled up beneath him. I sigh, seeing the
misery and confusion in botnet
Boel.n
of
them, and step into the room, leaning back against the door to press it shut. 
"What's going on?" I ask softly, looking between them.
"Jesse's trying to talk me into giving away all my powers," Midnight says, glaring
at Jesse and pointing an accusing finger at him.
"Oh, I am not," Jesse says, sighing deeply and raising his eyes to me. "It's been... contentious."
###Chapter 1000
I nod, understanding and crossing to the bed, climbing onto it to sit between them. Jesse turns more fully towards me so that we make a neat little triangle.
"What are you thinking, Midnight?" I ask softly, wanting her full opinion.
“I'm thinking that it's a bad choice either way,” she grumbles, crossing her arms and sinking back into the pillows. "If I let you clear my darkness and take my powers then the nice professor won't want me to be his spy student anymore, because I'll be useless. And if I keep them, then King Dominic says I can't be in the school anyway!" Her voice gets squeaky with grief on the final words and my heart wrenches for her.
"And what I am trying to say," Jesse says, a bit between his teeth. "Is that she doesn't even know how many of her powers are tied to her corruption. It's very likely that she was gifted powers as a child that have nothing to do with it! But she won't even talk to me about trying to find out -"
"I wont be made useless!" Midnight hisses, leaning forward to glare at Jesse. "I won't just be some tiny, powerless girl! I won't do it!"
My heart twists again at the fear that underlies her words, the true vulnerability there. And I understand, instantly, what she means. Midnight's powers are all that Darkness celebrated her for, as well as her value as Jesse's mate. Without the powers...she will feel as small and defenseless as Darkness always told her she
was.
"So what do we do?" I whisper, looking between them.
"Go talk to your dad," Midnight snaps, turning her eyes to glare at me as she pulls
a pillow onto her lap, hugging it to her chest. "He always does whatever you want."
I sigh, heaving a shrug. "Unfortunately, I agree with him here, Mids. It's too dangerous to have you enrolled in school if Darkness has a hold on you."
"But he's in that egg!" she bites out, frustrated.
“Is he still?” I ask, turning to Jesse, who just shrugs, clearly exhausted and without information on that.
"Midnight," I say softly, reaching for her hand. "What if...there was a way to find out which parts of your powers would disappear if we removed the corruption? What t would feel like to have your wolf free of all that muck?" 
She pauses, narrowing her eyes at me, suspicious. But when Jesse and I don't say a word, letting her process the question, she drops her eyes. "If it didn't do anything permanent," she murmurs. “ guess...it would be good to have the information." 
"Okay, well,” I say quietly, reaching for Jesse's hand. "Why don't we...have a look?"
"What do you mean?" Midnight asks, anxious, leaning away from me as Jesse slips his hand against mine. "What...what are you going to do to me?"
"I'm not going to do anything,
Midnight," I say quietly, holding her gaze steadily with my own. "I e
promise
not until you ask me. But we could take a look into your soul, perhaps? See what we discover?" I hole my hand out to her too. 
"Please, Mids,” Jesse says, leaning towards her, pressing a hand to his heart. “I promise you can trust us. But Ariel's right - we have to... try to figure out whatever we can."
Midnight goes very still for a moment before she sighs and reaches out, slipping her palm against my own.
I nod to her once, assuring her I'll keep my promise, before we all close our eyes and slip mentally down to that soul-deep realm where our wolves live.
###Chapter 1001
I exhale slowly, my fingers twisting in my wolf's fur as I look over at Jesse,
standing next to me, his wolf at his side.
"This is weird, cousin," he says with a little grimace. "Welcome...to my soul."
"It's nice here," I say, nodding, looking around at the mostly-blank space that looks precisely like my own. "I like what you've done with the place."
He smirks and nods his head to the left, silently asking me to follow. I do, and it's not a long walk before we reach the dark space where his soul ends. Across the darkness, though, I can easily see a too-familiar sight.
"Oh, heavens,” I say, putting my hands on my knees and peering forward, my eyes fastened on the little dark wolf, sunk deep into the oil, just her eyes and nose and points of her ears truly visible above it. My wolf howls at the sight of her, desperately worried. "Jesse," I say quietly, glancing up at him, "this is...very bad. Much worse than Gabriel."
"Well, I think she's been corrupted since she was a kid," Jesse says on a sigh, crossing his arms and looking very worriedly over at his mate's wolf. "It makes sense that it would be worse. But this is...even worse than it was before. Darkness is pulling her further in, perhaps? Maybe even as revenge."
"Jess, I think...I think Midnight has to take action," I say quietly, grief and worry twisting in me as I straighten. "I don't think she's going to survive like this. At least, not for long."
He sighs, dipping his face into his hand, obviously agonized by that insight. "Okay. Yes, we'll...we'll try to persuade her that it's important."
"Where is she?" I ask, looking around for her.
"Well, she can't come here," he snaps, his temper a bit short in his worry. "We don't have a bond." His wolf pants with worry, shifting from foot to foot, his eyes fastened on the little she-wolf in her oily bog. Midnight's wolf snarls and then chokes on the oil that floods her mouth. Jesse's wolf yips, starting forward, dancing at the edge of his soul, clearly wanting to go to her.
"All right, Jess," I say quietly, reaching out and slipping my arm around his. "Why don't you just...call for her?"
He does as instructed, cupping his hands to his mouth and shouting "Oye! Mids! Get your ass down here!"
I press my lips together, trying to hold back my smile.
She appears a moment later on her wolf's side of the soul, her hands on her hips, glaring at her mate. "What!?"
"We're trying to do something to help you here, Midnight,” Jesse says, exasperated, gesturing at her wolf. "The least you can do is show up."
She glares at him and then down at her wolf. "Yeah, but I don't like coming here. It's gross."
He just stares at her, aghast, a frustrated huff of air puffing from his lips.
"Darkness said it was important to stay clean," Midnight says, crossing her arms primly across her chest and shaking back her hair.
"Which you would think would extend to your soul," Jesse snarls.
I interrupt, pitching my voice louder. "Mids," I callout, giving her a cheerful smile. "I was going to light my Goddess fire - just here on this
side and experiment to see if you could feel it. Would that be okay?" 
QUMS
"Um," she says, her toes turning inward as anxiety starts to rush through her. "I.....I guess. But don't bring it over here, okay?"
"You're in charge, Mids," I say, nodding seriously and un-looping my arm from Jesse's, starting to call up the magic. “Whenever you say stop, we stop."
She glances down at her wolf, which continues to snarl at us, its livid red eyes fixed on Jesse's wolf. But then Midnight gulps and nods and I exhale, letting the blue flames form in my palms.
I let the fire grow and grow, sending it out into the air when it gets too big to hold. Jesse takes a step back as it grows as big as a person, then as big as a wolf, then larger. I glance at him. "You good?"
"Yeah,” he says, a bit mesmerized, his eyes fasted to the huge blue ball of fire. "Just...impressed. And it's very warm, isn't it?"
I grin at him and then exhale slowly, returning my@yes to the flame and pushing it just slightly - out into the darkness between Jesse's sout and Midnight's. I watch through the flames as Midnight's eyes go wide, as she cringes away from it, clearly afraid of what will happen if it comes too close. 
But her wolf goes still.
And then the wolf blinks, the manic light fading from her eyes.
And then she moans, reaching her snout out as far as she can, her ears pinning back to her head. The little wolf reaches, pushing hard through the muck, trying to get closer.
Midnight cries out and Jesse stumbles forward. "Are you okay!?" he calls, worried.
Midnight's wolf gives a little howl, surging forward as best she can, reaching reaching so hard towards the blue light and the
warmth it provides. A pitiful little net
moan Breaks from my own mouth as push the fire further, wanting to give it to her, wanting her to have as much as she wants and needs. 
###Chapter 1002
Midnight bursts into tears, looking down at her wolf, her entire body starting to tremble. "I - I didn't know," she whispers, starting to shake her head.
"Mids," Jesse calls, his voice breaking, kneeling down at the edge of his soul and reaching for her. "Midnight, please, are you okay?"
She just continues to cry, her face tucked into her hands, her shoulders shaking.
I push my fire a little further as the wolf gets to the edge of her gigantic pit, her snout stretched out as far as it can go, and my heart sings when I see just the barest edge of oil burn away from her snout, revealing -
My eyes go wide when I see that the fur beneath is a creamy white. I groan again, pushing the fire further, and Midnight's wolf gives a pitiful little howl, shutting her eyes, letting the warmth rush over her. More oil peels back, revealing more plush white fur along the length of her snout, the tips of her ears...
"Stop!" Midnight cries out. My eyes flash to her as she drops her hands from her face and begins to shake her head, vehement. "Please, stop – I can't - I can't – I'll lose everything."
I pull my fire back, as I promised, but keep it burning.
Midnight's wolf whips her face to Midnight, a sorrowful, plaintive little howl slipping from her lips. Midnight looks down at her wolf and shakes her head again, apology everywhere alongside her fear.
"Midnight," Jesse says, the single word a plea, begging for her to continue.
But she just continues to shake her head, looking down at her wolf. "I can't," she whispers.
Jesse looks up at me, desperate for me to continue, not knowing what to do.
"Jess,” I say, pulling the fire back so that it becomes a ball in my hands. "I - I don't even know how much I could do from this distance - I can only get so close..."
He groans, knotting his fingers in his hair and pressing his eyes shut.
"I - I'm going back," Midnight says, her voice creaking. I turn my head to her just
in time to see her vanish. Her wolf gives a terrible little howl, sinking back into the depths, scrabbling to find her footing and keep her fresh, clean fur out of the muck in a way that just breaks my heart in half.
"Come on," Jesse grumbles, standing and reaching for me. "I - I don't want to leave her alone."
With a last plaintive look back at the wolf, I take his hand and we return to the real world.
Midnight cries her eyes out, terror sweeping through her. Jesse moves closer on the bed, wrapping his arms around her and holding her close through her pain and her grief, her worry and confusion. Ariel moves close as well, taking Midnight's hand, squeezing it and whispering warm and comforting things. 
As the minutes pass Midnight calms, her mind coming back to her. Eventually she finds the strength to give one last big sniff and then looks up at her mate and her friend.
"Are you okay, baby?" Ariel whispers, leaning close and stroking a hand over her hair. Midnight can't help but lean into the caress. "I'm so sorry. Did it hurt?"
Midnight doesn't say anything because the truth is that she's just being a big coward. It didn't hurt at all - it felt wonderful. Warm - warm. Her...her wolf didn't even know that she could be warm...
But the idea of losing all of her powers, all her magic...
"It's okay, kid," Jesse murmurs, pressing a kiss to her hair. "You're allowed to be scared. It's okay."
She sniffs again, leaning against him, trying to put her mind and her thoughts and her heart together. Her wolf howls in her soul, begging for the warmth to come back, but Midnight slams the door on her noise - as she so often does.
But then guilt rushes through her, because she knows it's wrong. Her wolf. Her poor wolf. Slowly, she opens the door again and lets her wolf's howls echo through her soul, finally listening to what she wants and needs.
It is...just unbearably sad.
"Can I go to bed?" Midnight whispers, closing her eyes and tucking her cheek close to Jesse's chest. "Please? I am so tired. Can I go to bed?"
"Of course," Jesse murmurs. He sends an anxious glance Ariel's way, but she just shrugs, implying that she doesn't know what else to do It's still in the end, all Midnight's choice. It has to be. "Come on, kiddo. Let's get you to bed. "
He wraps his arm tight around Midnight's back, and then slips another beneath her knees, and lifts her easily from the bed. After all,
she's still in so many ways net
-
- a malnourished girl who has only recently begun to learn to accept love, and care, and kindness. She sniffs softly in his arms, Clearly overwhelmed. 
“I'll come see you in the morning," Ariel whispers.
Jesse nods to his cousin and gives her as much of a smile as he can before he moves to the door, wondering how the hell he's going to convince this precious little creature to free herself from the darkness that's killing her.
###Chapter 1003
Ariel moves ahead of Jesse, quietly opening the bedroom door and then the front door, clearing the way. Jesse passively bids Jackson and Marigold goodnight as he goes, but his mind is distracted. He doesn't even see if Marigold is still awake.
Instead, he just keeps his eyes on the grass in front of him, aiming for Midnight's new little cabin, wondering what the hell he's supposed to do now - what he can say to convince his little mate to trust them, to free her wolf of the darkness.
"Oh!" says a surprised voice.
Jesse whips his head up and stops in his tracks, his eyes fastening on the red- headed young woman standing in the path before him, a basket over her arm.
Midnight opens her eyes, turning her gaze towards the girl, a growl sounding in her chest.
Jesse just...freezes. Completely without anything to say for one of the first times in his life.
“Um,” Daphne says, her worried eyes flicking between Jesse's face and the sad little demon in his arms. "I'm so sorry - I didn't mean to intrude - I was just... Cora asked me to leave some prototype designs in her new house so I...I'm...I'm so sorry..."
She blushes furiously, her shoulders going up around her ears as she looks down at her basket.
"Be gone, whore," Midnight snarls, her voice deep and vicious.
"Midnight!" Jesse gasps, coming back to himself, hoisting her higher in his arms and snapping his eyes down to see that she's gone full shadow ghoul again, with pits for eyes and that hollow of a mouth leaking clouds of shadow. "Apologize, right now! You're being so rude -"
Daphne gives a little squeak of terror and turns, rushing off for the castle.
"Hey!" Jesse barks out, glaring down at Midnight, his arms tightening around her. "You are not allowed to be mean to her -"
Midnight's shadows fade, her face turning back to normal, and she turns her grief- filled little face up to him. "But she's a whooore."
He glares down at her, livid. "She's lovely. And an employee of this Academy! You are not allowed to terrorize her just because you're -"
He cuts himself off abruptly, his wolf nipping him in his soul, angry in turn that he'd be so cruel to his tiny mate when she's having such a rough time already.
Midnight sighs, a few tears leaking from her eyes, and rests her head back against his chest. "I'm sorry," she whispers. "My instinct is to hate the whores."
"She's not a whore," Jesse sighs,
shaking his head as he continues on the path to the little cottage, his wolf howling and sniffing the air,
searching for more traces of
Daphne. But still, he knows that even she'll be
if she was frightened that even
allright. Right now, he needs to get Midnight to bed. "At least we know your shadows still work, even when you've had a little of your corruption cleared." 
"Oh," Midnight says, going a bit stiff with surprise in his arms, her eyes going wide. "I...I guess we do."
Midnight barely sleeps, tossing and turning in the bed, her wolf's sad and desperate little howls echoing in her mind. She groans, pressing the heels of her paths in against her eyes, wrapping her shadows around her for comfort as she's always done. Stiff, she doesn't allow herself to slam the mental door on her wolf's pain, forcing herself to witness it. 
Her wolf sinks deeper and deeper in the corruption, devastated and afraid, her
pretty white fur soaking up the darkness like a feather in ink.
Midnight bites her lip at this, horrified because...
Well, because she never even knew her wolf had white fur. Always, always that fur has been black.
But...had she been born that way?
Or has she always been a beautiful cream-colored wolf, only stained with years and years of corruption in darkness?
Finally, after hours of tossing, when her wolf finally loses her last grip and sinks back into the oil, Midnight sits straight up in bed and whips the blanket off.
Jesse, asleep curled up in an arm chair in the corner with a pillow tucked beneath his head, gasps awake at the sudden noise. "What?" he asks, frantic, looking around. "What's wrong?"
"Jesse,” Midnight says, her voice trembling and scared. "I - we need to go to Ariel. Right now."
Jesse goes still for a moment but then reaches out his hand. "All right," he says, steady and serious. "Let's go."
A few minutes later, Jesse and
Midnight push open the door to Ariel and Jackson's new little house, the hinges creaking just a little. Jesse stands straight in surprise when he sees Jackson curled on the couch, Marigold sleeping peacefully tucked in next to him, a book open in his hands. "What the hell are you doing up?" Jesse asks, his brow wrinkling. 
Jackson just looks at him with equal confusion. "What the hell are you doing here?"
Jesse just stares at him for a second and then nods down at Midnight. "She wants to see Ari."
"Ari's asleep," Jackson says, frowning a little and folding the book shut. Jesse smirks when he sees the upside down title: From Bond to Baby: A Month-by- Month Guide to Wolf Pregnancy. "Can it wait till morning? She needs more sleep now." Jackson taps the cover.
###Chapter 1004
"Um," Midnight says, her voice high and humming. "No, please. I mean. I don't want to hurt the pups but..." she bites her lip. "I think.....I think my wolf needs her now."
Jesse reaches an arm out, wrapping it around Midnight's shoulders and tugging her close. "It won't hurt the pups." He looks up at Jackson, eyes pleading.
Jackson nods, lifting his chin towards the bedroom door.
Jesse and Midnight nod their thanks to Jackson and then pass into the bedroom. Jesse leans close to Ariel as Midnight presses the door shut behind them, giving her a little nudge on the shoulder. "Ari," he whispers.
Ariel gasps and then shrieks, whipping up an arm and smacking him hard in the face. Jesse groans, clutching his jaw, turning away.
"Jesse!" Ariel hisses, sitting up amongst the pillows, pressing a hand to her fast- beating heart. "What the hell are you doing here!?"
Jesse just groans, pointing at Midnight.
Midnight comes close, her hands balled up into fists and pressed to her chest. “Please, Ariel,” she says, her eyes round and brilliant with tears. “I – I need you to clear my wolf. Please, she's so sad - she just wants to be warm."
Ariel groans in turn, smoothing a hand over Midnight's hair and nodding to her. "All right, kid,” she whispers, patting the bed. "Climb up here. We'll do it right now."
A few minutes later, safely in Jesse's soul, Ariel looks up at the man in question, who still clutches his jaw. "You know I know that doesn't hurt here, right?" she says, poking at his hand. "Our bodies are just metaphorical here."
Jesse grumbles but drops his hand, sending her a little glare before setting off towards the edge of his soul, where he knows Midnight is waiting. Ariel smiles a little, forgiving Jesse his bad temper, knowing he's just worried for his mate.
When they reach the edge of his soul, both Midnight and her wolf are waiting, her wolf sunk deep into the muck but her eyes just as bright and eager as the girl's.
"You've thought about this, Mids?" Ariel calls, hands on her hips. "Because, I mean...there's no going back, I think."
"I – I think that I'm sure," Midnight says, glancing down at her wolf, who gargles a little growl of consent. "You cleared a little of the oil before, and I was still able to use my shadows completely - scared the crap out of Daphne -"
"What!?" Ariel gasps, whipping her head to glare at Jesse.
"Please, can we discuss that another time?" Jesse asks, looking down at his cousin with a great deal of exhaustion in his eyes. “I'm not defending her but yes, her shadows seemed...on full display."
"Okay," Ariel says, shrugging and conjuring up her fire, letting it grow fast and brilliant. "Let's get this started."
When the fire is big enough Ariel presses it out towards the darkness between their souls. As before, Midnight's wolf gives an eager howl, pressing forward towards the light and the warmth, wanting it badly. And as before, the oil starts to fade from her fur, drying up and flaking off or evaporating, revealing the creamy fur beneath. 
Midnight watches eagerly, happiness ringing through, warmth starting to make itself known in her soul for the first time since...well, ever, she supposes. She just...didn't know it was supposed to feel like this.
But eventually, the progress stops. The wolf continues to press forward, wanting the warmth, but the large pit of oil remains, and the oil stops drying just at the back of her little ears. The wolf gives a howl of regret, wanting more. 
"What is it?" Midnight asks, suddenly afraid, looking between her wolf and Ariel, at the fire between them. "What's wrong?"
"Mids," Ariel calls, hesitating. "I - I'm not sure I can get further or make it burn any hotter. I mean, I'm not in your soul with you - I was in Gabriel's soul when I cleared him."
Ariel bites her lip, anxious and a little panicked, wanting to help Midnight and not knowing what to do.
Midnight starts to cry, little tears slipping down her cheeks.
A beat passes in silence.
Jesse steps forward.
"Here, Ari,” Jesse says, his voice firm and steady. "Can you pass the fire to me?”
"What?" she asks. But seeing the determination in him, Ariel stops hesitating and does as he asks, first shrinking the flame down to about the side of a basketball and then
passing it into his hands, their unique bond allowing her to share. 
Jesse gives her a little smile and then turns back to Midnight. “Okay, Mids,” he calls. "Get ready. I'm coming over."
Ariel sucks in a deep breath as a silvery bridge begins to appear in the darkness between Jesse's soul and Midnight's. As Jesse accepts the bond.
Midnight cries harder as the bond snaps into place, relief swelling through her.
Jesse exhales slowly as he steps onto the solid bond, beginning to cross.
###Chapter 1005
I hold my breath as I watch my cousin cross the newly formed bond in his soul, watch him hold the Goddess fire to the side as he wraps his arm around his little mate, holding her close to his chest, pressing a kiss to her hair. She cries into his chest for a moment, her hands wrapped tight in the fabric of his shirt.
But then he murmurs something soft to her, and she nods, and he smiles at her. And then they get to work.
I watch, my fists tight beneath my chin as Jesse begins to work with the fire, careful not to touch the oil himself. His wolf races across the bond next, eager to help. To my surprise my wolf goes with him, snatching some of the fire out of Jesse's hand and holding it between her teeth, carefully working to spread it around Midnight's soul and get rid of all the oil splashed everywhere.
Tentatively I put a foot out on the bond, wondering if I, too, can use it as a bridge. Both Jesse and Midnight turn their heads when they feel me there. But then Midnight smiles and waves to me and I cross as well, laughing a little at the wonder of it of being welcomed into someone's soul.
But it's not so odd, really, when I think about it. Midnight - she's my cousin now, or close enough. I'm so pleased and honored that she trusts me here. I, too, take a moment to press a kiss to Midnight's hair.
And then I get to work.
It takes hours to burn away the oil of her soul. Jesse, I, and our wolves work in tandem to first clear a circle around Midnight's wolf so that we can stand close. And then I lean over the pit, careful not to touch the corruption, and slowly begin to stroke the flames over Midnight's wolf's sweet fur. The wolf gives pitiful little whines of joy as I dust away the dried oil from her whiskers and her ears, as Jesse vanishes enough of the oil that her haunches appear, and then her shoulders, and then her rump.
We're all very tired by the time enough oil is gone that we can begin to haul Midnight's emaciated little wolf out of the pit. Her spindly legs work hard to help, to push her free. But she's just so...weak. She's been in that pit for long enough that I'm not sure her muscles ever fully developed, let alone enough to run and jump and play. 
I cry when we finally pull her free and the little wolf collapses, her tongue happily panting, on the clean soil of Midnight's soul. But when t
look around at my cousin and mate, see that I'm in good company there. We all wipe gur cheeks and continue working - me clearing what's left of the oil from Midnight's wolf, Jesse and our wolves drying up the rest of the pit. 
Until, finally, it's all gone.
Midnight sobs, her arms around the neck of her little creamy wolf, whose tufted ears are black and grey at the tips. I smile when I see that she has little grey socks on each of her legs, leading down to black paws.
"She's so pretty, Mids,” I say, leaning against Jesse, tears streaming from my eyes again.
"Yeah," Midnight says, hiccupping in exhaustion and stress and sadness and joy. "Yeah, she's...she's really great. I'm so sorry." She buries her face in her wolf's fur, sobbing again.
"You didn't know, Mids," Jesse murmurs, crouching down to stroke her back. "It's okay. You didn't know."
I back away then, letting them have
a moment, stepping back into
Jesses soul and then opening my eyes in the real world. I take a moment to stroke a mental hand over my wolf's head and she ticks my palm, loving me a great deal - just as much as I love her, 
###Chapter 1006
Jesse's eyes open first, and then Midnight's, slow and sleepy.
"How do you feel?" I ask quietly, leaning towards her, able to see her better now in the dawn light that streams through the windows.
"What happened?" Jackson asks. I turn to see him standing at the door and I smile, reaching out a hand. He frowns at me, sending me a little pulse of worry that I didn't sleep, and then passing me some magic energy. I grin, quite pleased as he steps close enough to the bed that I can lean against him.
"Jesse and Ariel cleared my wolf," Midnight says on a happy sigh, just before she yawns. I laugh a little as she cuddles up in my pillows, clearly exhausted and intending to sleep right there.
"Do you still have your magic?" Jesse asks, leaning towards her, curious.
"Jess, let her sleep, she can answer that -"
But suddenly shadows burst from Midnight and she fades into the shadows behind the pillows, almost indistinguishable. "Yup," she says on a hefty yawn. "Still got 'em. Darkness lied to me. They must have come from someone else." "A gift from the God of Death?" I ask, turning up my face to Jackson, curious. He shrugs down at me. "Or Life. I don't know."
I nod, intrigued, but then I yawn - despite my magical boost, I'm still tired.
"All right, come on," Jackson says, scooping me up off the bed and nodding to where Jesse has laid out along the edge, his hands tucked behind his head, his eyes already shutting. "These two have clearly claimed the bed. We'll tuck you into Marigold's."
"They're very rude," I murmur, narrowing my eyes at Mids and Jesse, not meaning a word of it. But then I just wrap my arms around my mate's neck, letting my own eyes fall shut as he carries me away to our daughter's room.
I grin, several hours later, when Jesse comes out of my bedroom, yawning his head off just in time for dinner.
"Yay!" I say, clapping my hands a little and gestoring towards the very filled coffee table, which has plenty of food and several plates which we've set aside for him and Midnight. Seeing my excitement, Marigold cheers too, clapping and
holding up her hands. Rafe and
Jackson, seated on either side of the
little Princess, grin down at her. 
"I like this," Jesse murmurs, smiling at us a little and sauntering over. "I think I
could get used to applause, whenever I enter a room."
"How is she?" Jackson asks as Jesse flops down on the floor next to me, reaching for a cheeseburger and taking a big bite even without a plate. I grin and toss a napkin onto his lap.
"She's good, I think," Jesse says, nodding as he looks down at his food. "She's still asleep but...it's weird how much I can feel. Through this...bond, or whatever."
Jackson nods, smiling a bit, while Rafe's mouth twists to the side and he looks down. My heart breaks for him, because I know he wishes he had an accepted bond. Quietly, make a note to myself to ask-Rafe a
about his plans to see Maryam again, which I'm sure he's dying to do. 
"How are you doing with that?" I ask quietly, reaching out and rubbing circles on Jesse's back, wanting him to feel support. I know that he'd been holding out, that he doesn't have romantic feelings for Midnight. But still, it's done now, isn't it? 
He just looks over at me and shrugs and my heart breaks again, wishing this was easier.
"She scared the shit out of Daphne last night," Jesse whispers, shaking his head and dropping his gaze to his food. "I feel horrible."
"I'm sure it will be fine," I say, hoping desperately it will be true. "If we can just –“
The door to my room opens, though, and all eyes turn to Midnight as she strolls into the room, humming happily, her hands behind her back. "Hi!" Midnight says, grinning around at everyone. "Is there any desert?"
###Chapter 1007
I laugh, pointing at the big plate of apple pie on the table. "Well, I'm glad to see that you're feeling cheerful," I say, grinning at her.
"I am!" she says, happily plopping down next to Jesse and reaching for the pie, pulling it all onto her lap and digging in with a fork. "I don't think that any of you can even imagine how nice it is to have years worth of darkness lifted from your soul!"
"We're very glad for you, Mids," Rafe says, leaning forward towards her, quite fond. "And glad that you get to keep your powers, too."
"Well, not all of them," Midnight says on a sigh, her mouth screwing to the side as she stabs her fork into the pie, apparently losing a bit of her appetite.
"What?" Jesse says, sitting up straight with a frown. "But you did the shadows this morning -"
"Oh, these work just fine," Midnight says, flicking first into her shadow ghoul self, and then into the darkness that lets her hide. A shiver runs through me at first because although I'm getting used to it...I mean, it's still very scary.
I glance over at Marigold, who continues to munch on her chicken nuggets, completely undisturbed. I grin, pleased to see either that my daughter is brave or has an affinity for spooky stuff.
"So, what doesn't work?" Jesse asks, his brow wrinkling.
"Well, I tried to shift to the Land of Darkness,” she says on a sigh, her shoulders slumping. "You know, for fun."
Jackson raises an eyebrow like they have very different ideas of fun.
"And I couldn't do it!" Midnight continues, tossing a hand up in the air.
"Well, is that so bad?" Rafe asks, cocking his head at her. "I mean, at least you know Darkness can't get you anymore. And you can enroll in the Academy and all."
"Yes, Rafe, it's bad," Midnight says, rolling her eyes at him like he's completely stupid. We all grin widely at that. "That's how I get around al sneaky like, even in the Academy, I could flash to Darkness and then back and appear on a completely different floor. It's very useful for spying and I'm sad to have lost it!" 
She sighs and looks down at her chest, the little smile on her lips suggesting that
it was worth it, for her wolf's sake, even if she is sorry to have lost a skill.
"Oh!" Jackson says, suddenly getting to his feet.
We all turn to him but he just walks away into the bedroom, oblivious to our attention.
"He's still weird, Ari," Jesse murmurs, frowning after my mate. "You've still got a lot of work to do on that one."
I laugh and shove his shoulder, making him grin. Marigold laughs too and Jesse snaps his gaze her.
"And don't get me started on you,
baby weirdo! Jesse says, grinning at Marigold, pointing a finger right at her face. She cracks up laughing falling back into the couch cushions. "Little miss I don't even know what a lollypop is and just try to bite it!" 
She laughs harder and happiness spreads through me, delighted at how much my little girl is already a part of the family.
"Does this help?" Jackson asks, coming back into the room with something held out on his palm. We all look towards him with interest, Midnight getting to her feet to peer into his palm.
When she sees what's there, she gasps, looking up into his face with big round eyes. "Jackson," she whispers, staring at him like he's magical. "Where on earth did you get that!?" 
en FindNovel
###Chapter 1008
"What," Jackson asks, frowning down at the little rectangular stone in his hands. "Is it like, special?"
"Jackson!" Midnight hisses, standing on her toes to smack him on the chest. "They're invaluable! This is only the second I've ever seen in the world! And I only know of one besides that other one!"
"Oh," Jackson says, grinning down at her. "Cool."
I burst into a grin at my mate, who has a knack for understatement.
"What is it?" Rafe asks, getting to his feet. Marigold sits up, likewise peering, curious.
"It's the little...thing," Jackson says, looking down at it again and running a hand through his hair. "It appeared in my tent when I was looking for Ariel in Atalaxia. I used it to shift to the land of Darkness. But then I got distracted and didn't give it much thought."
"I didn't give it much thought," Midnight says, her voice a perfect imitation of Jackson's deep tones as she rolls her eyes. Jesse and I burst out laughing. "You idiot! It's a talisman!"
"Oh!" I say, pushing myself to my knees and looking more curiously at it now. "Gabriel had one of those."
"And the King," Midnight says, nodding and tucking her hands behind her back, leaning closer to peer at it. "Though yours is a different color. Theirs was black and gifted as part of their corruption and darkness. Yours is like...yellowy-white." "Like your wolf," I murmur, nodding, thinking that it's a nice cream color.
"Why didn't you get one, then?" Jesse asks.
"Because I was a talisman,” Midnight says, turning and rolling her eyes at him in turn.
My smile deepens, quite pleased to see that none of her personality has changed as a result of the cleaning away of the corruption. The God of Darkness - he really had a hold on her, but Midnight is truly her own unique little person, isn't she?
"I was gifted by Darkness early enough that I didn't need a stupid rock." Midnight finishes, turning back to Jackson's, looking at it wistfully.
"Well, now you do," Jackson says, shrugging. "Here, take this one." He holds it out to her. "Maybe we can...make it a necklace or something? Then you don't have to carry it around."
Midnight stumbles back a step, gasping up at him. "Jackson, it's - it's too precious - it was a gift from a god -"
My eyebrows raise because...wait, what? Is that really true?
Why...why is a god interested enough in Jackson to give him such a powerful tool?
And if he's got it...why isn't he corrupted? Quietly I send out my wolf to sniff at his soul but...nope, nothing. Jackson smirks, sensing what I'm doing and glancing over at me. I just shrug.
"I mean, I'm not going to use it," Jackson says, pointing over his shoulder at our bedroom. "If you don't take it I'll just throw it in the bottom of a pack at the back of our closet -"
Midnight squeaks, lunging for the talisman. Jackson grins and lets her have it.
"Thank you," Midnight says, pressing it tight to her chest, looking up at him with eyes that border on reverence. "I - I can never repay you -"
"It's cool," Jackson says, reaching out and putting a warm hand on her shoulder. "I'm glad you have it. Feels right."
She grins up at him, giving a happy nod.
"All right, cool," Jesse says, smacking his hands against his thighs and standing up. “Well, if we have a way to get to the Underworld again.....I guess it's time to go."
"Wait, what?" Midnight asks, turning to him in confusion.
"Come on, Mids," Jesse says, gesturing for everyone to stand as well. We all obey, mostly out of curiosity, getting to our feet. "Time for Ariel to have her long- promised reunion."
I gasp as Marigold runs to Jackson, who scoops her up in her arms. "Really?" I say, my eyes misting already. "We - we can go see Juniper!?"
"Oh yeah!' Midnight says, laughing. "Everyone hold hands!"
"Trust me, Ari," Jesse says, grinning at me as Rafe steps close, taking Jesse's hand. "I know you miss your sister but...Juniper isn't even the biggest draw here. Not this time."
"What?" I ask, spinning my head to look up at Jackson, even as I reach out and take the two hands closest to me. "Who, who else -"
"Oh, just let yourself be surprised,” Jackson says, leaning down to kiss me on the forehead.
Before I can say anything else, the whole world tilts forward, and we disappear. That evening, Midnight sits on the roof of the castle, thinking about...everything.
It was a nice day and all, first getting the darkness cleared and then going to the Underworld to see Juniper
and Orion and the Tony-boy. Burnet like she'd just needed. She felt
after they'd returned home, she felt
Space, and sky. When she'd lived all that time in the Land of Darkness she had nothing but sky - sky and desert and a yurt. And while she doesn't miss any of the rest of t-
not really - the wide expanse of the sky... 
Well, all that infinity had been nice, hadn't it? Calming, in its own way. And she'd wanted it again, now, when she feels so confused. So, she'd climbed as high as she could in the castle to get as close to that familiar dark spread of sky as she could. 
###Chapter 1009
She has to admit though...the stars are a pleasant addition.
Midnight's wolf gives a little worried howl, sprawled out in her soul, her little legs too weak to carry her much or far these days. But Midnight smiles a little and strokes a mental hand over her wolf's fur, pleased to see her free and clear and happy. Excited now to have that for herself too.
The world just...open for her. Infinitely possible. Midnight smiles, looking up at the stars in the velvety black sky, full of hope.
But beneath that hope curls...worry. Dread. Because she knows...
Well, I know what I want now, don't I? she thinks, sighing long through her nose. And to get it...I have to hurt the one who loves me most.
Midnight turns her head towards the creaking of the window, and then the footstep that sounds on the roof next to her.
"There you are," Jesse says, strolling over to her with his hands in his pockets, a little frown on his lips. "We were worried for you, Mids. Are you okay up here?"
"I'm okay," she says, giving him a soft smile.
His frown deepens, his eyes narrowing, suspicious. "You're all...calm," he murmurs. "I don't trust it."
She grins, patting the roof next to her. Her mate sits down with a sigh, looping his arms around his knees. They sit that way for a long time, just looking up at the sky together, basking in the cool air and the quiet and the solitude. But then he leans closer to her, nudging her shoulder with his, inviting – or requesting - for her to tell him what's wrong.
"Jesse," Midnight says on a sigh, dropping her eyes to the roof tiles. "I...I think I need to make some changes."
He pauses for a moment. "All right," he says, his voice low. "What kind of changes?"
She bites her lip, anxious. "I..." But then she sighs, shutting her eyes, frightened and out of her element, but determined all the same. "Can I...can I tell you the long story?"
"Of course."
She nods and takes a deep breath. "My whole life, Jess," she says quietly, the words spilling off her tongue like they've been waiting there a long time. "I've been...just waiting for you to show up."
He goes still but stays silent, letting her have the space.
"That's...all Darkness ever said to me. It was the only thing that was important. That one day he would show me how to find you, and that it would be my job to bear your pups, and that we would raise them all to worship Darkness. And that you would love me and everything would beright. And I...I was so excited when Darkness finally came to me and took me to the place where I could shift to the Academy and spy on you." 
She takes a deep breath, opening her eyes and turning them to her mate.
"And you were...so great, Jess," she whispers, her voice creaking, tears coming to her eyes. "I was...I watched you all for hours. And you were so funny. And you all...loved each other so much. I was so excited to take you home and make you mine."
He swallows hard, getting choked up too.
"You weren't what Darkness promised, in the end," she whispers, dropping her eyes again to the roof.
He laughs a little, a strangled sound.
"Nah, you were better," she says, sniffing, the tears finding their way down her cheeks. “You saved me instead of the other way around. And you brought me home and made me family. And gave me...so much. I love you so much, Jesse, I - I am so grateful –“
"I love you too, Mids," Jesse says, slipping an arm around her and pulling her tight. "You don't have to be grateful. You deserve...all of it. Everything."
She nods, sniffing again. "Do you promise not to hate me?"
He goes still again. "What? I mean...I mean, yes, Midnight. I'll never hate you - I couldn't. But...why on earth do you ask?"
"Because,” she whispers, shaking her head, her black curls bouncing lightly. "I'm going to ask you to let me go."
"Midnight," Jesse whispers, his arm tightening around her. "Wha - what are you talking about?"
"If you want to blame someone you should blame your mom," she says, slightly snappy, turning her face up to him with a frown. He smiles a little at this, but it falls quickly away. "She she told me that I can live whatever life I want. That I can have my own dreams. That I can do anything absolutely anything. And that no one has any power to stop me." 
"Midnight, all of that is true," Jesse murmurs, just staring at her. "But...what does
that have to do with me?"
"Jesse," she says, turning and taking
his cheeks between her palms. "My whole life, all I've been told is that you're my fate and you're my destiny. And now that I know that there's more...I want that. All of it. best
And it's not that you're not tha thing on the planet - because I think you might be?" Her voice goes all high and squeaky with pain. "But I...I
want...I want to decide what my
destiny is. I want to be free." 
"Midnight," Jesse says, his voice breaking on the word. "What are you saying to
me?"
###Chapter 1010
"I'm saying," Midnight says, freely crying now, cupping Jesse's face in her tiny hands. "That I – I don't want to have your pups, Jesse. Ever. Ever. I don't want them." She shakes her head, vehement. "I think I'd be a bad mom. I'd leave them at the grocery store and forget they were there. I - I just don't want it."
He swallows hard, listening as she spills out her truth.
"And I don't want to kiss you," she continues, her little chin shaking as she stares up at him with her wide dark eyes. "And it's not that you're not handsome -"
He smirks a little at this, making her laugh. She smacks his cheek lightly with her palm. "You stop that, I'm being serious here -"
He does his best not to smile and nods, letting her know he's listening, intently. To all of it.
"Jesse," she says, sighing hard, her shoulders slumping. "I don't want to be your mate. I don't want to do the romantic stuff. I love you so, so much but...all of that?" she says, tossing out a hand to encompass the whole world. "I want that more. I want to be free. I don't want to be tied."
"I would never try to tie you, Mids," Jesse says, lifting a hand to stroke over her hair. "Being a mate - it's not like that -"
"I know," she whispers. "But I just...I waited my whole life to find you. And I wish..." her voice breaks now as she hangs her head, shaking it. "I wish I'd had a choice. I wish I'd had more freedom. I wish I'd had...more. And now I've got it - I've got everything at my feet - all the world, all the possibilities. And I want...that."
"Mids," Jesse says, his voice breaking with his heart. She lifts her head and cries harder when she sees him crying too. "You might...you might change your mind. You might not always feel this way."
"I don't want to ask you to wait for me," she whispers. "And I don't want to live my life by 'maybes' and 'somedays' anymore. I want...just me, in charge of me, making whatever weird choices I want, without worrying about who they affect and who wants me to choose what. I never got to choose. I want to choose. That's... that's what I want."
A sob breaks from Jesse as he wraps his arms fully around his tiny mate, pulling her close. She slings her arms around his neck and presses her face into his shoulder, crying hard. They hold each other that way for a long time.
"I don't want to lose you, Mids," Jesse whispers, his whole body shaking. "You're...so incredibly important to me."
"You're not losing me," she whispers. "I'll still be family. Right? Would that be okay? I can be family just...not a mate?"
"Of course," he says, tightening his arms, terrified at the thought that she wouldn't be. "Midnight Sinclair. I think...it has a nice ring to it. Family."
Her face bursts into a wide smile, even pressed to his chest. "Yeah, I think I like that," she whispers, nodding.
Bet
Jesse pulls back a little, taking a deep breath, looking his strange, wonderful little mate in the eyes, smoothing a hand over her hair. you've thought about it, Midnight. And it's what you really want. Then...I accept it. Whatever you need. 
"Okay,” she whispers, smiling at him through her tears. Just the most...lovely, rich,
warm smile. "Then...I reject you, Jesse Sinclair. I love you, but I reject you."
He stills for a moment and then moans moans, falling forward against her as his wolf howls long and low. Midnight's teeth howls in return before bringing her teeth to their bond and beginning to tear it away. Jesse and Midnight both sob, their bodies shaking in physical pain, their emotions raw and ragged. 
"Please," he whispers, his eyes pressed tight shut, groaning against the agony. "Just... leave a little, at the end, all right? So we'll always have a connection. I can't - I can't bear to not have a piece of you -"
She nods, not saying anything, biting her lip. Her wolf obeys, leaving just a thread
of connection at the end - strong and bright and pretty, even as the rest of the bond falls away.
And then it's done.
Jesse groans, letting her go and falling back onto the roof tiles, pressing his hands to his eyes, panting, tears slipping from beneath his palms.
###Chapter 1011
"I love you, Jesse," Midnight whispers, watching him, her little mouth trembling, her entire body feeling weak.
"I love you too, Mids," he replies. "Always."
She nods once. And then disappears.
Midnight fights hard against her emotions as she flits through the castle, moving back and forth between the Land of Darkness and the halls, using her shadows to disguise her progress. She barely concentrates on the push and the pull of the magic, so instinctual is it to her. Instead, her emotions are almost fully drawn to her sweet wolf, who howls so miserably in her soul.
"I know, pup," Midnight says aloud, sniffing hard. "We'll go lay down soon. Just... one more thing."
She appears outside the door she's looking for, low and deep in the castle, and then takes one last breath, flitting to Darkness and then stepping forward so she can appear in the seamstress's room.
Daphne shrieks when the demon appears. She skitters back and falls out of the little chair in front of the sewing table.
"Well, that's a little dramatic," Midnight says, frowning.
Daphne just pants, scuttling backwards like a crab, pressing herself up against the bed. Midnight sighs and rolls her eyes a little, deeply unsure as to why Jesse likes this one so much.
"Look, your boyfriend is on the roof and he's all sad," Midnight says, crossing her arms and looking up at the ceiling. She swallows hard, doing her best to appear very brash and tough so the girl won't see that she's been crying. "Also, I'm sorry I called you a whore. I've been assured that you're...very nice. I hope we can be friends and that you'll make me lots of uniforms."
Daphne just continues to heave ragged breaths, staring terrified at the demon in her room.
"Okay well, I'm going to go," Midnight says, pointing over her shoulder at the door. "But I rejected him, so he's really upset. You should probably go to him to make sure he doesn't throw himself off the roof or something."
"What!?" the girl sputters, staring at Midnight like she's the insane one now.
"I am very busy, I have to go learn Chemistree," Midnight says, turning before she starts crying again. "Go find your boy!" She vanishes and starts off into the night, wanting very much to go to her bed and starting the long process of putting back together the shattered pieces of her soul.
Daphne continues to pant for a moment, staring at the empty space on the floor where the demon-girl stood just a moment ago, wondering if...if she just imagined it. But then she gasps as her mind gets over its terror and finally processes what the girl just told her.
"Shit," Daphne whispers, pushing herself to her feet and stumbling to the door, yanking it open and dashing down the hall.
Ten long minutes later, she pushes open the window at the top of the library and scrambles out of it, gasping in fear.
Jesse sniffs hard and turns his head towards the noise, going still when he sees her kneeling there, gasping for air, her hands pressed flat against the tiles. "Daph?" 
"She -" Daphne says, staring at him, aghast and completely out of breath. "She -
she said you were going to jump off the roof -"
"What?" Jesse asks, starting to sit up. But then he groans, the physical pain of rejection radiating through him. "Oh, geeze."
"Jesse!" Daphne cries, crawling over to him. "Are you okay!?"
He sighs, closing his eyes and wiping at the tears on his cheeks, not wanting her
to see them. "I'm all good."
She snarls and smacks him on the shoulder.
He laughs and turns his head to her, giving her that dashing smile.
"You are not," Daphne growls, glaring at him. "Are you going to jump off the roof?"
"No, Daphne, I'm not going to jump off the roof," Jesse says, sighing and shaking his head, letting his eyes fall shut again. "But thank you for coming to stop me, if you thought I was going to. Means a lot 
She groans this time, collapsing to the tiles next to him, letting her own eyes fall shut. "I'm not athletic
enough for this kind of ove
MS
"That's okay,” Jesse murmurs. "You have other charms."
She laughs a little and shakes her head, relief running through her, her wolf howling with happiness that he's safe and okay.
"Will you sit here with me?" Jesse asks softly. "Just...just until I can walk again?"
"Sure," Daphne says.
He smiles and reaches out, slipping his hand over hers.
###Chapter 1012
She goes still for a moment and then laces her fingers with his, squeezes his hand. "We're not dating or anything," she snaps. "Just...because you got all rejected and stuff. I didn't come running up here just because you're single - I thought you were going to die -"
"Sure, you didn't," Jesse says, dry, nodding slowly, a smile curling his lips.
She laughs a little, turning her head to look at his profile in the starlight. "I mean it, Jess. I...stand by everything I said before."
"Okay, Daphne." Jesse says quietly. "I believe you. Let's just...see how it goes."
She nods, even though he doesn't see it, and then turns her face up to the night sky.
They lay there for a long time.
Neither drops the other's hand.
“Midnight?" I call, seeing the little figure crossing the grass, dragging her feet and looking down. I frown, standing from my place at Jackson's side on the little wicker loveseat that mom got us for our front porch.
Jackson looks up too, curious, and even Marigold lifts her head from her
collection of toys on the front porch, a little stuffed tiger taking pride of place in her
lap.
“Hi,” Midnight calls, climbing up our front steps, looking a little wobbly. "Um, I rejected Jesse."
"What!?" I breathe, going quite still.
"Oh, heavens," Jackson murmurs. "Are you okay?"
"What happened!?" I gasp. Jackson gives me a little nudge down the bond that's equivalent to a dirty look, letting me know that that's not what's important right now.
Like hell it's not, I snarl back, shoving his little nudge away. Inwardly he laughs.
"Um, it's a long story," Midnight says, looking totally exhausted. She eyes the couch and the empty space at Jackson's side. "Can I...can I come sit down? For a little bit?"
"Of course you can," I say, reaching for her, ushering her over to the seat.
Midnight sits down and begins to talk softly to Jackson, telling him everything I wait long enough to hear that she held on to part of the bond, and that Jesse is sad but okay, and that she sent Daphne to him. With a sigh and a glance up to the roof of the Castle, hoping Daphne found him, I head inside and make four big cups of cocoa. 
After I bring them back out and pass them around, I curl up in Jackson's lap and listen to Midnight tell the whole story. It takes a long time, but by the end of it...
"I'm proud of you, Mids," I say quietly, giving her a small smile.
She looks up at me in surprise.
"I mean, I'm sorry that you're hurting, and Jesse too," I continue. "But...you're going after what you want in this life. And not letting. anyone else define that for you think that's incredibly brave. 
swnovel
"You did it too," Midnight says, looking up at me, wiping away a tear or two and then taking a big sip of her cocoa. "You're half the reason I thought I could."
Goldie, I think sensing that her friend might want it, climbs onto the poor strained little wicker couch too and curls up in Midnight's lap. Midnight smiles at her and hugs her close.
I smile at my new cousin, glad that she's here, glad that she's come to talk to us about it.
"Life...is about to go through some pretty serious changes, isn't it?" Jackson says
to both of us, even as he tilts his head up to smile at me.
I press a kiss to his mouth, probably
more lingering than is polite, before I smile around at everyone. "Yeah," say, sighing and cuddling close to my mate, letting my eyes fall finally on our little girl while I send amental putse of joy and excitement to the twin bonds in my soul. "Yeah, it's all changing. And I, for one, can't wait for it." 
“Me too,” Jackson says, pressing a kiss to my cheek.
"Me too," says Midnight, closing her eyes and resting her head against the loveseat.
"Me too," says Marigold, grinning up at me.
And I smile right back, because even if her answer is the same as the others and
she probably doesn't know what it means, it's by far my favorite.
###Chapter 1013
Jesse sighs, glancing at his watch and then looking to the door, an undrunk glass of champagne in his hand. "Where the hell is your damn sister?"
"Your damn cousin," Rafe murmurs, draining his glass and then pouring himself another.
"You'd better stop that," Jesse says, turning his head to Rafe with a frown. "There won't be any for Ari at the rate you're going -"
Rafe laughs, shrugging. “Her fault! She was late! She knows the rules."
Jesse grins at Rafe and then turns his eyes to the chaos of the roof, which has kids running all over it. "Didn't we pick this place because it was quiet and secret? So that the three of us could have a moment alone every Midwinter?"
"Yes, we did," Rafe murmurs, frowning around at the shouting, laughing kids. "But that was before your ex-mate created the ultimate kid fort and gave the pups free reign." He raises his glass towards Midnight's converted yurt, in and out of which all the children run, laughing and playing even as the hour grows late.
As the pair watch, Seraphina growls and chasses Marigold back inside, where a waiting Mark snatches her up into his arms in a pretend attack. The little girl shrieks with delight as Seraphina jumps up and down, shouting that it's her turn.
"Don't blame Midnight," Jesse murmurs, smirking at the yurt. "First, because it was your mom that converted it into the kid paradise it is. And second because Midnight is getting... powerful. She'll probably kick your ass."
Both turn their eyes to where Midnight stands across the roof on a little wooden block, smiling down at Daphne, who kneels at her feet. Daphne laughs at something Midnight says, her eyes crinkling with joy, even as she plies her needle to hem the head-to-toe black outfit that she made Midnight as a gift for Midwinter.
Ben, Elias, and Pippa stand at Midnight's other side, curiously watching Daphne's process and chatting softly. Pippa presses a sleeping Bianca to her chest, the little girl nearly one year's old - slumped with exhaustion, her head on her mother's shoulder.
"Why does Mids even need a spy disguise," Rafe murmurs, laughing even as he sips more of the champagne. "She just...sinks into the shadows anyway."
"Because she looks cool," Jesse says, grinning over at the girls and watching as Midnight experiments with pulling up the hood and lifting the fabric that covers her nose and mouth. Even though he can't see most of her face anymore, he can tell by the shine in her black eyes that she's desperately pleased.
"It is very cool," Rafe concedes. He turns to Jesse. "How are things going with Daphne, anyway?"
Jesse beams, bright and shining. "Fantastic."
"Still no bond?"
Jesse shrugs, tearing his eyes from his girl and turning to Rafe, giving him his full attention. "Nah, but...same feeling like there should be, like we're waiting for it to snap into place any moment. But what about you?" he asks, leaning against the counter and giving Rafe his sneakiest grin. "I noticed Maryam wasn't at the festivities yesterday or today." 
Rafe groans, tilting his head back to stare up at the sky.
"Did you forget to invite her?"
Rafe snaps his head back up, glaring at Jesse. "Of course I invited her."
"How rude of her not to come,”
Jesse says, grinning so wide it
crinkles his eyes half shut. Rafe just
groans, shaking his head. "So seriously... it's not going well? 
IMS
"It's...going." Rafe says, clearly not comfortable getting into it. "Just...she's a very challenging person, Jess."
"Sometimes the challenging ones are the best ones," Jesse murmurs. "Keeps you on your toes. Nice and spicy."
Rafe smirks, his voice dropping low as he glances at his cousin. "You have no idea."
Jesse bursts out laughing and smacks Rafe's arm. "Tell me!"
"No way!"
"Tell me!" he smacks again. "Right now!"
Rafe hisses in pretend pain, leaning away to throw Jesse off the scent, but Jesse
just laughs harder and smacks his cousin again.
“Hi! Hi!”
They both turn towards Ariel's voice as she stumbles out the door, a little tiny form strapped to her chest "I'm here now! I'm sorry! Who's telling who what!? Tell me too!" 
“No, forbidden!” Jesse says, pointing at the baby in its sling. "We said just the
three of us, no offspring!"
###Chapter 1014
Ariel bursts out laughing and gestures out to the rest of the roof. "Of all the interference to our plans, you're going to point out this tiny, adorable, sleeping infant pup as the problem!?"
Both boys look down at the little dark-haired baby, whose amber eyes flicker open to betray her mother's words.
"Come on, kid!" Ariel hisses, smoothing a hand over the baby's soft little head. "You're blowing my cover!"
Rafe gasps, pointing towards the door. "And you brought your mate!? Ariel. Betrayal!"
Ariel spins towards the door to where Jackson appears, the second little baby strapped to his chest, this one fully asleep, just a little patch of rose-gold hair peeking out of her sling. "Jackson! What are you doing here!? I told you expressly to stay away!"
He stops at the top of the stairs and narrows his eyes at her. "You told me...to come up here and be sneaky so you didn't have to be away from the baby."
Jesse gasps and gives Ariel's shoulder a shove. "Subterfuge!"
"Jacks!” Ariel sighs, laughing as she smacks a hand to her forehead. "You and your daughter are determined to betray me."
"I'm very sorry, my love," Jackson says, laughing a little and sketching out a bow. "Clearly, I have failed you."
"Oh, I forgive you," Ariel sighs, unable to help the smile that spreads over her lips. Jackson smiles at his girl and then waves to all of them and wanders over to Daphne and Midnight. Ariel watches him go, her eyes moving steadily over his tall form, biting her lip.
"Look at you, all moon-eyed over your mate and baby-daddy," Rafe says, grinning at his sister.
"Don't be jealous," Ariel says, snatching her glass of champagne off the counter and raising it in the air.
Rafe smirks at his sister but doesn't protest. Because it's true, honestly - he does want what she has with Jackson, someday. But with Maryam, who still resents him a great deal, even if she perhaps doesn't hate him anymore? And her being a human, meaning children are impossible?
God, how will it ever work?
Rafe puts the thought from his mind, raising his glass in turn. Jesse joins in, clinking them all together.
"To the coolest three Sinclairs," Jesse says, lowering his voice for the sake of secrecy. "Which no one else will admit, even if they're all aware."
Ariel laughs, grinning at him and leaning close. "To the best brother and cousin a girl could have."
"You're just flattering so I let you cheat off my commander exam next semester," Rafe says, laughing a little as he playfully narrows his eyes at his sister.
"Yes!" Ariel says, grinning at him and raising her glass with such vehemence that a little bit of champagne sloshes over the side. "Now you say something! Toast, toast!"
Rafe pauses a moment, his eyes moving between Jesse and Ariel, the two people who are perhaps closest to him in the world. "To more of this," he says quietly, a soft smile curling his lips. "I've missed you two these past couple of months. Let's make a point to spend time together more often." 
"You got it, my guy," Jesse says, clinking his glass against theirs before taking a long sip.
"Yes, I agree," Ariel says, her eyes getting a bit misty.
"No crying on the child," Jesse says, putting a hand on Ariels shoulder and nodding down to the baby Ariel laughs and shakes her head, dipping her face to press about six kisses in a row to her daughter's hair. 
"Now," Jesse says, slipping his arm fully around Ariel's shoulders and giving them
a squeeze. "Rafe was just about to tell me all of the details about what's been going on with Maryam."
Ariel gasps, delighted, her eyes flying wide as she fixes them on her brother's face. "Yes! Finally!"
"No way," Rafe says, laughing and turning away.
"Oh, come on," Jesse wheedles, giving Ariel a squeeze. "Ariel's mated with three children. I'm ridiculously happy. We need to hear about your miseries, just to give us a baseline for our joy." 
"Well..." Rafe says, unable to help giving half a smile as he turns back to his
favorites. "It's not all misery..."
Jesse and Ariel both gasp, leaning in.
Rafe grins fully and leans in too, beginning to tell them the tale.
THE END
