###Chapter 1
"Miss Phoebe! Miss Phoebe!"
The chorus of excited squeals greeted her as she entered the packhouse kitchen. Phoebe smiled sinking to her knees as the ten young pups ranging from four to thirteen rushed to greet her. She laughed hugging each of them tight, rubbing noses with a few she was particularly close to.
"Thank you so much for taking them today," one of the female wolves said carrying a two-year-old.
Phoebe stood accepting the pup who giggled at her and said, "It's no problem at all. This is my favorite part of the day. All right everyone let's go on a scavenger hunt!" "Yeah!!"
Phoebe herding the pups out of the packhouse and led them to the woods. This was how all her days started since her rejection.
***
The Rimrock Pack was located in the southwest of Washington State about forty miles from Mount Rainier. Only a few miles to the north was the similarly named town. The town and the pack had been there so long no one remembered which had been established first. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net know that it's some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Regardless the pack used the city for most of their needs including shopping and schooling though their pups sometimes had a difficult time adjusting to a human-run school. Pack members who went on to college generally only went as far as Seattle or, more rarely, Portland and Phoebe was no exception.
Their pack was not overly large, about four hundred members, a respectable size carefully nurtured by their previous alpha. While most pack members lived in the packhouse Phoebe still lived in the small cottage she once shared with her parents. She was not an omega but also not one of the high-ranking members.
Like the majority of pack members she was one of the unranked masses: the nameless cogs without which the pack would cease to function. Her parents had been fated mates and also unranked members though not without their own bit of prestige. Her mother had been head cook and her father the chief groundskeeper in charge of the pack gardens as well as a tutor for members struggling with their studies as he was one of the few with a college education.
Human beauty standards didn't mean much to wolves who skewed more toward voluptuous profiles. High-ranking wolves were fit, muscular and aggressive whether male or female especially if they were warriors. The unranked members below them were not quite as extreme muscle-wise but still physically strong. Below them omegas lacked physical prowess and stamina. Though they didn't stand a chance in a fight against a high-ranking wolf or even most unranked ones omegas were still far stronger than humans. As an unranked member Phoebe was...average. She was average height, if somewhat petite by wolf standards. Her form was pleasingly curvy though her breasts were only B-cup. Like most wolves she had a mane of thick mousy-brown hair that reached just past her shoulders though her skin was on the pale side. Her only notable physical feature was her silver-gray eyes. Phoebe was average in every way: except her wolf.
Wolf spirits usually awakened in their mid-to-late teens. The more powerful the wolf the sooner it emerged. Alphas, betas and some gammas awakened as early as sixteen while omegas might awakened as late as their early twenties. Phoebe's wolf awakened when she was fifteen.
Phoebe was in a deep asleep when Máni suddenly woke her up with a bright, 'Hello, moonshine!'
To say she was surprised was putting it mildly but Máni proved to be excellent company for a wolf san siblings. An even greater surprise awaited Phoebe on the first full moon after her sixteenth birthday. Máni woke her in the dead of night and insisted she go out into the forest behind her parents' cottage. Sleepy and confused Phoebe nonetheless obeyed her wolf's directives.
Once outside she greeted the rising full moon only to be wracked by a sudden excruciating pain as her joints popped and bones lengthened and realigned. Fur bristled covering her body as her nose elongated to a muzzle. Máni talked her through the pain urging her not to resist and to let her wolf spirit take over. After an excruciating hour Phoebe stood on four padded paws.
'Shall we see ourselves?' Máni suggested bringing them to the water's edge of a nearby pond.
Looking at their reflection Phoebe saw a silver-white wolf. Their fur practically glowed in the moonlight with silver-blue eyes that shimmered like water. 'We're...beautiful.
'Yeah, we are. Let's go for a run.'
Phoebe let her wolf take over. They stretched and sniffed the cold, clean air before rushing off into the woods. It felt good to run, to feel the wind through her fur and fill her lungs. It all ended too soon and they returned home. Máni talked her through the shift bac and they safely returned to bed before the sun rose.
For some reason Máni insisted on keeping their early shift secret and usually stayed quiet deep in the recesses of Phoebe's mind to avoid others sensing her. Phoebe didn't argue though she was confused since the first shift was an important rite of passage for every werewolf. Even more confusing was her wolf's color. Gray was a fairly common color but Phoebe never heard of a silver wolf. Even Máni was at a loss to explain, or at least unwilling to. Desperate for answers Phoebe spent long hours in the packhouse library as well as her father's study researching werewolf history and silver wolves without any luck until she found a book of werewolf lore. According to it silver wolves were even rarer than white wolves. They were wolves of prophecy and considered harbingers of chaos and upheaval. Máni shrugged off the book's description saying, 'you read too much, but refused to give any definitive explanations. It was strange to think her own wolf would keep secrets from her but without anyone else to consult Phoebe let it go. She was just happy to have a faithful ally.
Phoebe thought her wolf's secretive nature was just to hide its early awakening but as her eighteenth birthday approached Máni showed no signs of revealing herself. As far as others could sense she was wolfless which led to some ostracizing and bullying. She didn't particularly mind it and Máni was amused by the pack's efforts to ridicule them. It was easy to ignore and she focused on her studies to graduate early and go on to college.
She assumed like most she-wolves everything would make sense once she found her Goddess-given mate. Her parents were fated mates and she never doubted their love and devotion to one another. It was sweet and she looked forward to finding her own. Little did she know reality would be a far cry from her dreams.
She met her mate when she was twenty-one and freshly graduated from college. During her four years of study Phoebe seldom returned to the pack. Her first week home after completing her studies Phoebe sat in the cottage's porch swing quietly reading Sense and Sensibility when her mate suddenly appeared.
Graham was the son of their alpha and destined to be their future leader which was why his father sent him overseas to attend the only Alpha School in the world. According to Phoebe's father the school was very exclusive only accepting the sons and daughters of alphas from the highest-ranking packs.
Packs were ranked based on history, size, collective wealth and the relative strength of the Alpha's bloodline. The criterion was vague and her father said the Rimrock pack barely qualified. Attendance was not mandatory for alphas by any means. The highest-ranking packs generally avoided it as the tuition was prohibitively expensive and preferred to train their heirs within the pack. But that wasn't to say there weren't advantages.
Despite the number of packs spread across the world werewolf communities tended to be very insular. They seldom interacted with packs outside their immediate neighbors. By attending the school future alphas and lunas had the opportunity to meet with others far beyond their usual territories and make allies in addition to taking practical classes about running a pack, managing finances and maintaining pack territory.
It also helped them find potential mates as it was usually difficult for alphas and many betas to find their fated mates within their own packs. According to her father packs intermingled more in the past so it was easier for high-ranking pack members to find their Goddess-given mates but as packs became more insular it became more difficult. While some thought it coincidence Phoebe couldn't help but think the Moon Goddess herself was telling her children they needed to change their ways.
Since Phoebe graduated early from high school and left for college before her contemporaries she hadn't had much interaction with their future alpha. From what she saw of him he was a typical young wolf ruled by his hormones carrying on several relationships throughout school with little regard to attachments. She thought he could use some maturing as did Máni.
When Phoebe heard their young alpha had returned from his studies she avoided his welcome home party which devolved into a drunken shamble according to her father who had to clean it up the next morning. Máni had been quiet all day so Phoebe hadn't been expecting any dramatic events when she suddenly caught scent of evergreen and chocolate. The combination was pleasant if not overly stimulating but she understood what it meant. Looking up Phoebe found herself staring at her pack's future leader. To say she was surprised to be mated to an alpha was putting it mildly. Máni immediately pressed forward eager to meet their mate but almost as quickly receded with a snort saying, 'Don't worry, Phoebe. I'll protect us!
'What do you...' Phoebe's internal protest fell silent as she looked again at her mate. His confused frown turned to a cold scowl. She tilted her head to the side instantly wary.
"You're supposed to be my mate?!" Graham demanded. "A Luna needs to be strong and tall and beautiful and you're..."
"Average." Phoebe said.
"Damn straight you are!" Graham growled. "And wolfless? Are you kidding me?"
Phoebe winced. She understood his confusion but his outrage was something different. The Goddess did not choose their mates randomly. There was reason behind it. Just as their wolf spirits were their center their mates were their second halves. Only together were they complete. At least that was what her parents taught her.
"What is your name?" Graham demanded.
"Phoebe Luan," she answered after a moment already anticipating his next move.
"You don't have a wolf so this won't hurt at all," Graham said as a word of caution. "I, Graham Archer, future Alpha of the Rimrock Pack, reject you Phoebe Luan as my mate and Luna.”
Phoebe leaned forward whimpering as a sharp pain pierced her chest. Her book fell to the ground as she hugged herself and a burning sensation spread to her extremities. It felt as if she were being stabbed by hundreds of needles. "Hurry up and accept it or it will just hurt more," Graham snorted unhappy with her dramatics.
"..., Phoebe Luan...accept your rejection," she managed to gasp. The pain eased to a dull ache similar to heartburn.
To her surprise Graham suddenly bent over groaning in pain as their bond snapped. Perhaps it was cruel but she was glad not to be the only one suffering. Slowly straightening he sneered at her before hurriedly departing. 'Máni? Are you all right?'
...I will be. We will be. The Moon Goddess loves us.
'If she loved us why did she make him our mate?'
'She has her reasons. You'll see."
Phoebe thought the worst was over but another surprise was waiting. Two weeks after her rejection Kristie arrived with Graham proclaiming her to be his Luna. Their Alpha Succession and Luna Ceremonies were held in tandem at the following full moon. Phoebe dutifully helped with preparations but declined to attend the actual ceremonies though attendance was supposedly mandatory so that the pack could swear fealty to their new alpha pair. She managed by faking ill something she never did before. Máni suggested a run, a precaution that proved advantageous when she was suddenly assailed with pain as her mate marked another. Despite the severing of their bond Phoebe suffered whenever Graham and his chosen mate were together. She hoped that the marking would finally bring an end to the pain but it continued to linger slowly dulling over time.
Phoebe kept her distance avoiding the packhouse except when it was absolutely necessary. She knew her parents wondered about this behavior and probably had an inkling why she did it but they respected her privacy and did not directly question her.
###Chapter 2
Five years had passed since then and Phoebe continued to avoid the packhouse. The only difference now was that her parents had passed away leaving her alone to maintain the cottage and garden. Now whenever Graham and Kristie mated she only felt a dull ache and thankfully those times were few and far between.
The alpha pair had yet to produce a pup and heir but that wasn't completely unexpected. Chosen mates were less fertile than fated ones. While a fated pair could easily produce four or five pups, chosen ones would only have one or two in the same amount of time Given that Phoebe felt his betrayal less often she could only assume the pair didn't mate as often as they used to making it even more difficult to conceive.
Though she wondered about the pack's future stability it wasn't her place to question their alpha. No one knew she had been his fated mate and no one would listen to a wolfless unranked she-wolf anyway. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net know that it's some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. So she focused on what she could do for the pack: namely educating the pack pups.
***
"All right, gather around," Phoebe laughed as the kids swarmed around her.
Phoebe carried the two-year-old on her hip while the others waited for the rules of their game. Sometimes it felt as if the pack treated her as a glorified pup-sitter but she didn't mind as it allowed her to spend time with them without interference. She used their numerous outings to teach them various bits of practical knowledge.
She had brought them to a wide clearing filled with wildflowers. When they arrived, a pair of deer spooked and leaped back into the safety of the forest shadow. It was a promising sign that no one from the pack had sullied the area so they should have no problem with their scavenger hunt. Piled off to the side were several baskets woven from wild grasses. The pups immediately noticed them and fidgeted with excitement.
"Okay, so did everyone bring their herb book?" Phoebe asked holding up her own.
Eagerly the pups held up their homemade pamphlets they made during their craft project earlier in the week. Taped to each page was a medicinal herb that had been pressed and dried specifically for the application. Each page also included the plant's name and most common uses written in Phoebe's neat scrawl for the younger pups while the older pups wrote theirs themselves. Over the last few weeks they had learned about herbs, how to identify edible plants and poisonous ones and where to find them. Now it was time to put that information into practical experience.
"So today we are going to have a scavenger hunt!" Phoebe announced to excited cheers. "As I'm sure you've figured out we are going to collect herbs. I want you to split into pairs because...why?" "Safety first!" the pups answered in chorus.
"That's right. So in pairs you will take your baskets and collect as many herbs from your books as you can find," Phoebe said. "I will award special prizes for the most herbs picked, the biggest variety of herbs collected and for the rarest herb found." The pups bounced on their heels eager to begin.
"Remember to stay in the boundaries of the clearing. Ready? On your marks. Remember our safety rules! Go!"
Squealing the pups darted to the pile of baskets before dispersing through the clearing. Phoebe smiled cooing at the two-year-old pup in her arms. He was too young to take part in this event but he would still benefit from being able to run around in the fresh air. "Miss Phoebe! Miss Phoebe!"
She turned as an eager pup hurried up to her holding a sprig with bright yellow flowers.
"Is this wormwood?"
"No. That's mustard," Phoebe answered kneeling down to the pup's level. She never liked to talk down to them. "Let's see what wormwood looks like again, shall we?"
The pup dutifully opened her book to the appropriate page for comparison. Phoebe was always patient with the pups and never lost her temper. They were young and still learning so it was natural for them to make mistakes.
Once the mini-lesson about the difference between the two herbs was over the pup returned to her brother and continued their hunt. The pups were free to ask her any questions but she wouldn't help them find the herbs. Phoebe smiled at the young pair. Blake and Emma were brother and sister born one year apart so they were close. Their parents had also been unranked members of the pack. Their mother was the alpha's maid and their father an architect who designed most of the packhouse as well as many of the private homes scattered throughout the territory. Unfortunately both had been killed in a rogue attack two years ago leaving the pups orphaned.
Since then Phoebe did her best to look after them, taking them shopping for clothes and school supplies as well as making sure they were included in activities. Orphans could easily be ostracized by other pack members and that was something Phoebe wanted to avoid. Strong bonds kept a pack together and she wanted the pups to maintain and cherish those bonds. So far her efforts seemed to make the difference. The others included the orphaned pair in their games and didn't bully or belittle them for what they lost. After an hour the pups gathered around her to show their efforts. Phoebe led the group to the pack hospital where Bridget waited to receive them. Bridget separated out the herbs and gave the pups what appeared to be an impromptu lesson in first aid demonstrating how some herbs could be used with minimal handling and how to bandage injuries.
Like Phoebe, Bridget was on the petite side though slightly taller than the former. Her hair was a rich chestnut with a hint of an auburn sheen and her skin a soft tan color as was usual for werewolves. She had a round, pretty face and a small, pert nose. Bridget was another unranked wolf that kept the pack working. A couple years younger than Phoebe, they met shortly after the latter's rejection. In fact the young, talented nurse was the only pack member who knew about it. She didn't know who rejected Phoebe but she knew they were a pack member and assumed they were fairly high-ranked given Phoebe's aversion to the packhouse and official ceremonies.
As one of the few Phoebe considered a close friend she often turned to Bridget when she was in need of assistance. Luckily Bridget was a brilliant herbalist and talented chemist so she had plenty of practical knowledge to share. Once the demonstration was over Bridget handed out her homemade lollipops made with medicinal herbs. If one peered through the semi-transparent, jewel-like creation they would see whole leaves or petals of the herbs used and now that the lesson was over the pups could even identify them. The excited pups followed Phoebe back to her cottage where she handed out their prizes. Praising them for their impressive finds and sheer amount collected she gave out prizes accordingly. A pair of boys collected the most and received a pair of gloves and a baseball. Surprisingly Blake and Emma found the greatest variety and received a jug of bubble solution and bubble guns. A young pair of she-wolves found the rarest herb to receive a styling kit with a variety of barrettes and colorful hair extensions. Phoebe always made sure the prizes suited the awardees and their interests. All the pups received large bouncy balls for participating. She was certain the winners would share their special prizes during their daily games.
After the prizes were awarded, Phoebe led her troop back to the packhouse. The pups were eager to play with their new toys and Phoebe hoped they would retain the lessons that earned them their prizes. What she wanted most was for the pups to take pride in their own abilities. Not everyone would rise through the ranks as warriors but everyone could contribute to the pack in some meaningful way.
Most would always be in the middle like herself. It was important to do what they could do. Finding, collecting and delivering herbs to the pack hospital benefited everyone. Being able to perform simple first aid could save a life in dire circumstances. Those were the kinds of lessons she hoped to instill in the pups.
"Miss Phoebe."
She paused seeing Blake and Emma had remained while the other pups dispersed.
"Can we come over tonight?" Emma asked.
"Are you sure you won't get into trouble?"
"Jake is patrolling tonight and he never checks on us," Blake wrinkled his nose.
"All right. I'll make something special for us," Phoebe smiled.
The pair hugged her before hurrying to catch up with the others. Phoebe watched them feeling a familiar pain in her chest. Ever since they were orphaned she did her best to care for them. She remodeled her own childhood bedroom to suit the brother and sister filling it with books, toys and games as well as a closet full of clothes. Phoebe even petitioned to adopt the pups officially but had been denied. Her face warmed at the memory.
***
"Alpha!" Phoebe stormed into Graham's office without waiting for permission. "Explain this!"
Phoebe tossed the denied adoption papers onto his desk staring at him as he flinched. It had been years since she last set foot in the packhouse and it was the first time she entered his office. Despite the vast difference in their status Phoebe showed no inclination to give him proper respect. Her eyes shimmered silver as she glared at him and his wolf cowered.
Trying to maintain some semblance of his authority he looked at the paper she tossed at him stating, "It seems pretty obvious."
"I didn't ask you to identify it," Phoebe practically snarled. "I told you to explain it. Why did you deny the application?"
"Why would you want to adopt two pups in the first place?" he snorted. "Their family can take care of them."
"They don't have any family," Phoebe snapped. "Their aunt and uncle were killed three years ago in a rogue attack. Their grandparents passed the year before that. Their mother was from a different pack."
"Was she?" Graham frowned.
"She was your exclusive maid. Do you even remember what she looked like?" Phoebe snorted in disgust. "Have you compensated those pups for their loss before you sent your yes man to turn off the water and power to their home? A home they were still living in. They nearly froze to death!"
Graham winced. He did remember signing the order to turn off power to the abandoned home but he had been assured it was empty.
"Those pups have been living with me for the past six months so why can't I adopt them?"
"You aren't even mated!"
"And why is that I wonder?" Phoebe growled. Máni had never made herself known since she awakened but now she pressed close to the surface adding power to Phoebe's anger and enhancing her aura.
Graham involuntarily shuddered as her anger washed over him. It made his wolf completely withdraw. Feeling his wolf become submissive irritated him. He was alpha and everyone was beneath him especially a wolfless female.
What made it worse was that she was right. He should have been aware the pups' parents were gone and that they had no close relatives within the pack. They should have been placed in appropriate lodgings and whoever adopted them compensated for raising them.
None of that had been done because he hadn't bothered with the paperwork. Compounding the issue was the fact Kristie overspent her weekly clothing allowance and he had to get the money from another part of the pack's finances.
"It's not your place to question your Alpha," he forced himself to stand giving him a height advantage since he was little over six feet and Phoebe only five-four. "The pups will be taken care of. They don't need you. Understand?"
###Chapter 3
The pups had been given a room in the packhouse that was hardly larger than a closet. Somehow they crammed in two camping cots and a pair of trunks inside. According to the pups it was drafty and dark since it only had one small window and no one bothered to
install a light bulb in the single overhead light. Even worse the pups' had mandatory bed checks.
After bedtime the patrolling security made periodic checks to ensure the pups were actually in bed. It had been bad in the beginning but now the patrols were getting more lax allowing Blake and Emma to sneak away returning to her cottage where she kept their room ready.
Her heart ached knowing her anger made life difficult for pups that already had enough tragedy in their young lives. Máni whimpered in her mind sharing her guilt. Their anger was completely justified but they expressed it in the wrong setting. Even so Phoebe continued to care for the brother and sister providing them with new clothes, much better than the shabby hand-me-downs from the pack's donation closet.
Turning away from the packhouse Phoebe made her way back to her cottage. Her mind raced with meal ideas. She smiled already looking forward to company. Normally her meals were solitary affairs unless Bridget stopped by so the pups would most certainly be a welcome change.
Máni perked up. Phoebe could practically feel her tail wagging in anticipation. One day they would find a way to keep the pups close. She just had to be patient and avoid Luna Kristie's notice. "There you are Phoebe."
'Speak of the devil,' Máni huffed.
Inwardly she cringed as she turned, "Hello Luna."
Kristie was almost a half foot taller than Phoebe with a lithe body punctuated by an hourglass figure. Her long, blonde hair was neatly highlighted and professionally styled as were her nails. It was clear she spent a lot of time and money on her appearance. Yet her aura was minimal. In fact Phoebe barely felt it even when Kristie tried to exert influence over her. Máni confirmed the Luna's aura was exceptionally weak so Phoebe knew she didn't imagine it. Despite this, or maybe because of it, Kristie resorted to rather extreme measures to keep her authority over the pack. Phoebe struggled to maintain a neutral expression keeping her disgust contained.
"How can I help you, Luna?"
Kristie smirked, "We're having some very important visitors next week and I don't want those annoying little spawn to bother them. Do I make myself clear?"
"Yes Luna. I'll arrange some activities to keep them busy and out of the way."
"Good." Kristie smiled tipping up her nose. "Poor Phoebe, I do pity you."
"Pardon?"
"If only the Goddess had been kinder to you and gave you a wolf then you wouldn't have to deal with those snot-nosed kids."
With a condescending smile Kristie walked away. With a sigh Phoebe tried to calm herself. A luna was meant to be the heart of the pack and ensure the pack's future. How could she not like pups?
'She is no true Luna, Máni gave a dismissive snort. 'A Gamma maybe. Delta most likely!
'Hmm. Phoebe really couldn't argue considering the alpha had been her fated mate. 'I don't see why she has to act like that. She'd get more respect if she was more personable.'
'She is in a position she was never meant to have so I suppose an inferiority complex is natural, Máni said. 'Especially since her wolf is submissive to us!
'It is?'
'Oh yes. Imagine how much her pride must smart every time her wolf shows its belly to you...a wolfless she-wolf!
Phoebe frowned. This was not the first time Máni mentioned something similar. Although her wolf continued to hide itself other wolf spirits instinctively sensed her presence and reacted in various ways. Higher ranks acted subservient causing disconnections to their human half while the lower ranking wolves showed difference and respect.
Phoebe found they had a calming influence on others defusing arguments even if she didn't directly intervene. Yet despite this others continued to think she was wolfless but as Máni wasn't inclined to explain it was a mystery she never expected to solve. 'Well we'll just have to stay out her way!
'Or she could stay out of ours,' Máni countered. 'Next time...I vote we don't save her!
Phoebe chuckled remembering the night as if it had happened yesterday. It had been the night of the Winter Solstice and the pack was celebrating the longest night of the year in fine style.
***
Avoiding the party as usual Phoebe's quiet night was interrupted by Máni suddenly declaring an urge to go for a run. Since the majority of the pack would remain at the party there was no reason to be overly cautious.
Phoebe headed to her garden. Satisfied they were alone and unseen she slipped out of her clothes folding them neatly and stuffing them in a small bag she hid under her mother's rhododendron. The cold, night air caused her pale skin to prickle with goose bumps as she stepped beyond the garden gate and into the woods beyond but the discomfort faded as she shifted. Her first shift had been painful but now it was exhilarating as she gave into her wolf and dropped to all fours. Thick silver fur kept her warm and her senses sharpened.
It was an odd sensation as Phoebe and Máni switched places. Still aware, Phoebe's consciousness faded to the background as Máni pressed forward. The switch wasn't strictly necessary but it was more efficient to allow her wolf to take the lead in this form where Máni's control was instinctual and automatic just as Phoebe's was in human form.
Stretching Máni sniffed the air and assured them they were indeed alone. A light snow gently fell, landing on their fur but not melting. Delighted with the picturesque night Máni turned in circles with her tail held high. Leaping straight up, she snapped at the lazily falling flakes before sprinting off with freshly warmed-up muscles. It was exhilarating to run like a ghost through the dark woods. Their breaths came out in clouds that quickly vaporized behind them as they ran onward through the snowy landscape. Máni suddenly slowed and stopped. She sniffed the air, hackles curling back as she caught the faint scent of arousal in the crisp air. They were relatively close to the packhouse but still far enough away for it to be unusual to meet another. Cautiously she eased forward until her sharp vision located the pair currently engaged in illicit activities.
Phoebe jerked to attention recognizing the she-wolf as none other than their luna. She was pressed up against a tree moaning as her partner plowed into her rather forcefully. Phoebe recognized the male as one of the delta warriors though she never had contact with them. Máni growled softly at the sight. Either it was too quiet to hear or the pair was too occupied to notice because they didn't stop.
'H-how can she do this!' Phoebe stammered.
Máni didn't answer immediately. In the brief encounters they had with her they had picked up on subtle smells of her affairs. Though Kristie tried to hide it with frequent baths and perfume it followed her like a cloud.
'You really shouldn't be surprised,' Máni finally said. 'We've known she's been doing this for some time!
'But...shouldn't the alpha be tearing everything apart because of her betrayal?'
'Under normal circumstances but remember they are chosen mates. The bond between them is weaker.'
'I know, but still...
'Plus, their wolves never bonded.'
'They didn't?'
'No. The alpha's wolf has been disconnected since he rejected us and the luna's...well I'm surprised she can still shift at how weak it's become since rejecting her fated mate!
'She rejected hers too?'
'Of course.'
Phoebe cringed at the thought of the pain the other must have suffered. She didn't know if there was anything crueler than rejecting one's fated mate. Máni whimpered comfort and turned to leave just as hunting howls chorused through the forest. Five rogues emerged from the night setting upon the distracted pair. Though the warrior attempted to protect his Luna and lover he was quickly overwhelmed. He only managed to kill one before he was brought down. Kristie screamed in horror watching the rogues tear him apart. She was completely frozen in fear unable to shift or defend herself.
Máni briefly considered leaving her to her fate but a gentle prod from Phoebe resigned the wolf to interfering. Rushing forward she was on top of them before they even sensed her. Máni leapt landing on one and breaking its back before attacking another. She sank her teeth into its neck ripping its throat out. Whirling around she charged a third bowling it over and ripping into its belly before darting back into the woods leaving one for Kristie to manage on her own.
Angry howls filled the air signaling the pack warriors were on the way. Kristie would only have to handle the remaining rogue for a few minutes. Máni raced through the woods with unmatched speed quickly distancing them from the fight. Once clear she rolled in the snow to remove any traces of blood from her coat before heading home. She took a long, meandering route back to avoid pursuit.
Phoebe quickly dressed before heading inside. Locking the door she turned off the lights before going to the shower to wash away any lingering scent of the rogues then headed to bed as the hunting howls continued to echo through the territory.
###Chapter 4
"Jace. Earth to Jace. Hey wake up!"
Jason jolted awake grumbling as his Beta playfully swatted him. They had known each other since they were pups so there was no need for formality between them when they were alone. Yawning Jason stretched in the passenger seat and looked out the window at the same scene that had surrounded them the past several hundred miles.
"Where are we?"
"About another hour before we reach the next pack," Luke answered.
"And which one is that again?" Jason sighed. After visiting six other packs they were all beginning to look alike.
"Rimrock," Luke cued the information on his iPad before handing it to him.
Jason dutifully read the pack's dossier. At just over four hundred members it was only a mid-level pack. Like other packs they had been experiencing more rogue attacks of late which was the reason for his little tour...at least publicly.
Jason was Alpha of the Blue Moon pack, one of the six ancient packs. With over five thousand members strong it was the largest pack in North America and one of the most prosperous. At thirty he had been running the pack for almost ten years making him one of the youngest as well. As with most alphas, Jason was tall and muscular without excess bulk.
He had dark brown hair. His chin was usually softened by a trim goatee but due to the tight travel schedule he had a bit more stumble as of late. There was very little his sharp, brown eyes missed. Others characterized him as a hard-ass but those who knew him knew he was quite amicable, witty and charming despite his growing despondency.
His wolf spirit had awakened early a testament to the sheer power contained within it. Lobo was a large brown, nearly black, wolf with burning amber eyes and stood almost a foot taller than other wolves, even other alphas including his own father. Lobo's early emergence was part of the reason Jason assumed the mantle of leadership sooner than planned. His alpha aura was simply too powerful over-shadowing his father's and funneling the pack's loyalty away from his predecessor whose rule was waning. Jason always knew he would be Alpha so he had no problem assuming the mantel. His one regret was not having his Luna at his side. As his father's successor, normally Jason would have marked his Luna before leadership was passed but despite years of searching and traveling among his neighbors he had yet to scent the one fated to stand by his side.
After a werewolf's wolf spirit awakened and once they experienced their first shift they were able to sense their fated mates. He had been promised he would know her immediately by her scent. It would be so intoxicating he would have difficulty focusing on anything else. Yet despite the fact his Beta and Gamma, even his sister, found their mates with relative ease Jason still searched for his.
To pass the time most wolves engaged in s****l activity to take the edge off their pent-up drive. Jason; however, abstained from such frivolous activity. The last thing he wanted was to be covered in another she-wolf's scent when he finally found his mate. He was determined she would be his first, only and last. Lobo was in complete agreement.
But after a decade of searching they were both were feeling the strain. A pack was meant to be led by a pair. An Alpha was the pack's strength but a Luna was its heart. His pack desperately needed the heart they had been missing as much as he needed his Luna by his side. Tensions were ready to snap and discord wormed its way into the pack harmony. Jason was beginning to wonder how long it could maintain its tenuous balance.
Wanting to help his mother suggested a security tour. Rogue attacks were on the rise. It was a good time to tour the packs most affected and evaluate their security levels to determine if they were adequate. It was also good cover to extend the search for his Luna as he would be visiting packs he hadn't been to before. That was the real reason for this trip but after a half dozen packs he was beginning to lose hope, especially after the last one.
Jason cringed at the memory of the alpha's daughter naked in his bed covered in rose petals. Despite numerous complaints and even threats she continued to try and enter his bedroom. Lobo was ready to go on a killing spree so Jason cut his visit short. "Cheer up, Jace," Luke eyed him with concern. "Hey, lucky number seven. Right?"
"Right." Jason sighed looking again at the dossier. "Looks like the alpha's a little younger than me...and he's mated. Lucky bastard." "Y-yeah...well, maybe not. If rumors are true they aren't fated mates."
"He took a chosen mate?"
Jason frowned. It was common knowledge a mated alpha was more powerful than an unmated one and a fated bond stronger than a chosen one. That was the reason why alphas went out of their way to locate their fated mates as it would guarantee them more influence and strength. There was no reason for a young alpha to resort to taking a chosen mate if his fated was not yet found. Was the Rimrock's alpha just impatient or had he lost his mate in a rogue attack in which case the Goddess would certainly have granted a second chance mate?
There was no way the Alpha would have done the unthinkable and actually...rejected his mate. The Goddess was benevolent and caring but she never forgave anyone if they rejected their fated mate. While the rejected wolf would be given a second chance the one who rejected them would not. Their soul would be cursed never to know the serenity of finding their match. They would have no choice except to settle for a chosen mate which was cruel enough but when they died they would be cursed to wander the Moonlit territory alone...forever. Lobo stirred, whining. His wolf was desperate to find its mate but not so desperate to resort to taking a chosen mate. No. Their fated mate was out there and when they found her she would be...perfect. Lobo settled in the back of his mind, comforted for the time being.
Jason turned his attention back to Rimrock's dossier and tried to forget his anxiety but that was easier said than done. His apprehension remained as they entered the pack's territory and arrived at the packhouse. With a sigh Jason opened the door and climbed out while Luke conferred with their escort emerging from two other vehicles and reminding them of proper visitor conduct.
Grabbing his jacket Jason breathed deep and suddenly froze as Lobo practically leapt to attention and surged to the forefront of Jason's mind. It was a struggle to keep his wolf in check even as he breathed in the cool air again. There was no mistaking it: she's here. "Jace, what's up?" Luke asked joining him. "Jay? You look like you've seen a ghost."
"She's here."
"What? Who?"
"My mate."
Luke blinked hardly willing to believe it, "Are you sure?"
"Yeah. It's faint but it's definitely her scent. She's here."
"I told you lucky number seven," Luke grinned. Spying their approaching hosts he said, "But let's keep it together for now."
Jason growled. His dark eyes swirled amber as Lobo pressed closer wanting nothing more than to tear straight through the pack until he found his mate. He had waited long enough.
"Easy Jace," Luke muttered feeling Jason's aura washing over him. "Your mate is here, right? Well we'll be going on a tour soon so it'll be the perfect time to find her, right?"
"Right." Jason breathed deep slowly regaining control.
Lobo whimpered, 'Mate!'
'I know. We'll find her. We are not leaving without her.'
'Yes! Find Mate!' Lobo finally receded allowing him to withdraw his aura.
'Patience, buddy. We'll find her.'
***
Jason stepped out of the bathroom drying his hair before dressing. After a tedious tour of Rimrock's packhouse and surrounding grounds he now had to sit through a welcome party with his hosts. Lobo impatiently prowled the back of his mind. They had picked up their mate's scent just about everywhere but it was always faint and impossible to track.
His mate was like a ghost: everywhere and nowhere, except in the packhouse. Oddly enough her scent was everywhere except within it. It was strange. The packhouse was the one place most wolves spent the majority of their time, especially unmated ones. It was only through mingling and meeting others that one found their mate after all. Unless...
Had his mate given up on finding him? Or did she have a mate previously and lost him? Though he was somewhat disappointed he would not be her first, his heart also ached for her if she had gone through the pain of losing a mate. Lobo whimpered his sympathy. In either case they wouldn't know the answer until they found her.
Dressing in a pair of simple slacks and a button-down shirt Jason was ready long before Luke arrived to collect him. Together they headed to the back patio where tables and decorative lights had been set up. Pack members manned grills and a steady stream of omega servers brought out salads and sides from the kitchen.
Every pack he visited insisted on these welcome parties hoping to impress him. This meant he sat through the same party seven times, only the faces changed. Still it was a pleasant and relaxed atmosphere. Jason saw several of his warriors mingling with the crowd. Aside from Luke, his escort was comprised of unmated wolves.
It was not only difficult for alphas to find their fated mates but also for warriors to find theirs. To help his warriors as much as possible he always traveled with unmated ones giving them the opportunity to search for their mates. Whenever his warriors found their mates he was both happy for them and jealous. But now, finally, he was close to finding his own mate.
Reaching the coolers Jason considered his options. There were bottles of water and a few sodas but most were beer. That fact alone wouldn't bother him as werewolves' superior recovery rate eliminated alcohol almost as soon as it was imbibed. However, werewolves had developed their own brews using small amounts of aconite, otherwise known as wolfsbane.
In large amounts the herb was deadly but in small doses in conjunction with alcohol it slowed their recovery rate and allowed them to get drunk. There were three different strengths to this special concoction determined by how much aconite was used. It was easy to tell the strength of the three brews based on the color of the label: blue for the weakest followed by amber and finally red for the strongest.
Looking in the coolers Jason was rather disappointed to see the majority were red-labeled with a few amber ones but no blue. Lobo growled as Jason grabbed an amber-labeled bottle. He supposed it wouldn't look good for an alpha to walk around with a bottle of soda though he had no intention of drinking the beer in his hand. The red-labeled beer wasn't even allowed in his own territory.
Greeting nervous pack members he made his way to his host who held one of the red-labeled bottles with two empty ones on the table in front of him. Jason was careful to keep his expression neutral. Lobo hated it when Jason imbibed aconite beer as it caused some pain to their wolf spirits and weakened their connection. Jason wondered if Alpha Graham could even feel his wolf anymore after three.
Luke joined Jason shooting him a glance seeing their host's growing stock of empty bottles. No doubt the Beta was thinking the same thing he was. They didn't have a problem with someone kicking back and relaxing but that didn't mean there wasn't a need for self-control.
"Alpha Jason," Luna Kristie greeted sauntering toward him in a rather short skirt and a blouse so tight she was practically bursting out of it. She sidled close to him fondling his arm and making his skin crawl. "How do you like our little party?"
"It's nice to see the whole pack together," Jason agreed gritting his teeth trying to control Lobo who wanted nothing more than to rip out her throat as she stroked his arm.
"I'm sure it's far below what you're used to," Luna Kristie smiled batting her eyes. "You're from an ancient pack so this must be quaint."
Jason's brow furrowed trying to figure out if she was complimenting his pack or insulting her own. A pup brushed past them chasing her brother. He chuckled at the pups' excitement. Tonight must feel like a festival.
Beside him Luna Kristie practically snarled, "Where is that useless, wolfless girl...these spawn are her responsibility."
Jason frowned. A Luna was the heart and soul of her pack and the one who secured its future. As such lunas were particularly maternal treating all pups like their own. He recalled the rumors Luke mentioned during the drive. Though it was far from proof he found it hard to believe she was a true Luna. "Finally!" Luna Kristie exclaimed moving away much to his relief.
Jason sighed as the night breeze cleared away her overwhelming perfume. A new scent reached him far more intoxicating than any artificial odor. It was a mix of sage and lilac and made Lobo practically roll onto his back. 'Mate! Mate is here!'
Jason turned into the breeze and watched as a petite she-wolf stepped onto the patio. She was rather pale for a werewolf but her hair was a mane of rich, walnut brown. Her clothing was simple: turtleneck, denim jacket and jeans that hugged her small frame and teased him with what lay underneath. But it was her eyes that captivated him. Her gaze shimmered silver in the moonlight like captured slivers of the moon itself.
Jason broke into a sweat, his hands went clammy and his throat constricted at the vision in front of him. After a decade of searching he finally found her. And she was perfect. Lobo practically bounced off the walls of his mind. Their mate was here! "Miss Phoebe!" an excited squeal erupted from the crowd as several pups emerged from the crowd.
They ran up his mate like moths drawn to a flame. A dazzling smile warmed her face as she knelt embracing the first little she-wolf who reached her. They rubbed noses in a familiar gesture usually reserved for mates or between mothers and their pups. Another she-wolf approached carrying a two-year-old handing off the pup to Jason's mate. She accepted the pup with open arms. The pup didn't show the least amount of stress as its mother gave it to another. It was clear the pup was used to these handoffs and contentedly clung to his mate who tenderly nuzzled him.
###Chapter 5
Phoebe. Her name is Phoebe.
'Yes! Phoebe!' Lobo happily whined, eager to learn the name of her wolf.
"I thought I told you I didn't want to see these heathens while we had guests," Luna Kristie snapped as she neared Phoebe surrounded by pups.
Phoebe bowed her head, "Sorry Luna. It won't happen again."
"It better not. I won't have our guests' night ruined by these spawn."
"Of course, Luna. Come along pups," Phoebe herded the little ones inside the packhouse and out of view.
"Jace? You okay?"
Jason's hair bristled as he tried to calm his wolf, 'Easy!'
'How dare she talk to Mate like that! I'll rip her throat out!' Lobo growled.
'Easy, let's be smart about this.
Jason frowned. It wasn't right for his mate to bow to any wolf, Luna or no. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net know that it's some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Kristie's attitude had been rubbing him the wrong way since his arrival and now he had a hard time controlling his disgust. Jason never heard of a Luna who hated pups or treated them with such contempt, chosen or not.
As his mate disappeared inside, Jason struggled to suppress his urge to follow. He searched for her for so long he wanted to keep her within his sight at all times. But he was the guest of honor and could hardly leave without drawing notice. He had to handle this situation carefully. Alphas were very protective of their territory and there was protocol to follow for a wolf to transfer packs though no one would prevent an alpha from claiming his rightful mate.
'Mate come home with us!' Lobo growled.
"Jace! What's wrong?" Luke's voice finally cut in.
"My mate. That was her."
"You mean the one who took the pups inside?"
"Phoebe. Her name is Phoebe."
"What do you want to do?"
"Go inside and watch her for me, please."
"Sure. Don't worry. She'll be safe."
"Keep me updated. I want to know everything."
"Yeah, yeah. It'll be like you were there yourself."
Jason suppressed a growl. He wanted nothing more than to be at her side but something told him not to reveal his hand too soon to his hosts. There was something off about them that went beyond simple, chosen mates.
"What was that about?" Jason casually asked as Kristie returned.
"Oh nothing. Just a little trouble with the staff," she smiled. "Staff?"
"Yeah, poor wolfless Phoebe. Minding those little heathens is all she is good for."
Jason raised an eyebrow looking at Graham for insight as the latter downed the rest of his beer. With a belch Graham set down the now empty bottle with the others before demanding another from the nearest pack member. A new bottle soon replaced the last and he didn't hesitate to drink deeply from it despite the fact his wolf had to be suffering. Jason warily eyed his hosts. Something was very, very wrong with these two.
***
While Jason was too prominent a figure to slip away Luke had no such issue quietly returning to the packhouse. Entering the dining hall the echoes of laughter directed him to a small room off from the kitchen.
This room, unlike the dining hall, was plastered with the children's artwork and educational posters from their lessons. It made the room cozy unlike the sterile atmosphere of the larger room. The same sense of unease that made Jason wary of their hosts also piqued Luke's mind. Packs thrived on their pups which were literally their future. It was unnatural to hide them away like some dirty secret. Not wanting to disturb the little group Luke stood near the door out of sight peeking around the corner to keep an eye on his pack's Luna.
She was average height standing only a little over five feet but more concerning was the fact she seemed thin. Luke didn't recall seeing her at lunch and now he wondered if she was getting proper meals. Wolves tended to have a higher metabolism than humans so it was important they consumed enough calories or else they would rapidly lose condition especially if they shifted often.
She also seemed paler than normal though she could also have a naturally lighter complexion. Luke knew wolves from certain parts of Europe and the east coast tended to be paler than those on the west. Her hair was a mane of rich chestnut with a healthy sheen and her smile was warm causing her eyes to shimmer from gray to silver. It could also be her wolf hovering close to the surface though he never heard of a wolf with silver eyes, most had brown or amber.
The pups quickly took their seats at a long table laden with colorful paper, glitter glue, markers, sequins, buttons and string. In front of the younger pups the paper had been cut into star shapes with rows of plastic bins full of different craft supplies so they could color and decorate their stars as they wished. The older pups were given plain, paper squares. Once they were seated Phoebe demonstrated how to fold the paper square into an origami star once they finished decorating it. The older pups colored their paper, folded it and, if they chose, Phoebe would spray the finished project with adhesive and they could sprinkle glitter over it for the final touch.
Attaching strings to the finished projects Phoebe climbed up on a step stool to hang the stars from the ceiling much to the pups' delight. When they were done they cleaned up their project table before pushing it to the wall. Once it was out of the way Phoebe brought out her final surprise, a bucket. She placed a light in the bottom before setting it on the ground. Over the bucket she added a paper fire effectively making a faux campfire. The pups giggled gathering around it as if it was real holding branches with paper marshmallows and hotdogs on the end.
"Excuse us."
Luke jerked back allowing the kitchen omegas to enter bearing plates laden with real hotdogs, salads, coleslaw and other goodies from dinner. The pups squealed delight using the ketchup, mustard, relish and other condiments on their hotdogs. Each was given a soda and they happily ate their dinner around the pretend campfire.
Luke's stomach complained about its own empty state. He stepped into the kitchen and helped himself to the sides lining the center counter. Outside he knew there were barbeque ribs and steak along with burgers and hotdogs but he didn't mind missing out as he watched over his future Luna keeping Jason informed about her activities.
Slowly he became aware he had an audience. Luke turned to see one of the cooks watching him closely. The she-wolf studying him was an omega but well within her prime giving her an aura of experience and elevating her status somewhat even toward a beta like him. Luke gave her a respectful nod.
She pressed her lips together before asking, "Just what do you want with her? She doesn't like playing games especially the ones you want to play."
Luke grimaced at her candor before turning his head to show his mark. He thought the gesture would be enough but she continued to study him unimpressed.
"I'm just confused," Luke finally said. Maybe he could glean some much needed information, "why are the pups in here and not outside?"
"Because our Luna doesn't like pups. She thinks they get in the way."
"But pups are a pack's future."
"Not according to her."
Luke frowned. Alpha Graham was still young by werewolf standards so there was no reason for him to feel rushed into securing a mate. He didn't have to wait as long as Jason but certainly he could have given it a little time. Given the advantages of a fated mate not to mention the risks of taking a chosen one every alpha made an effort to find their destined mate.
"Phoebe takes care of those pups like she was their mother," the omega continued. "She's sweet and gentle so I won't tolerate no playing around with her."
"I promise you, I have no intentions of doing that."
The cook watched him a moment longer before returning to her duties. Luke hesitated but slowly sidled back to the door as the pups finished their supper.
"Miss Phoebe! Tell us a story!"
"Yeah! Story time!"
Phoebe chuckled as she gently cleaned the two-year-old's face, "And what kind of story would you like?"
"An adventure story!"
"A story about kids like us! Adults are boring."
"A scary story!"
"Oh my, that's a tall order," Phoebe laughed. "Let's see...how about Treasure Island? I haven't told you that one yet, have I?"
"What's it about?"
"Well it's about a treasure hunt."
The pups shared dubious looks.
"It has adventure on the high seas, about a young boy just your ages...and it has scary pirates!"
"Okay!"
Phoebe chuckled urging them to settle down. When all were comfortable she started, "Once upon a time in a small English town..."
***
Jason struggled to keep his revulsion in check as Graham continued to drink heavily. Kristie flashed him flirty smiles and tried to play footsie under the table. The only thing keeping his wolf under control was Luke's running commentary of his mate's activities. Jason could almost picture the scene as she and the pups crafted their stars then pretended to camp around their campfire. By the time she related the plot of Treasure Island Lobo was practically purring. 'Mate is amazing!'
'Agreed.'
Jason sighed looking out across the patio with a relaxed smile. Her scent still lingered in his nostrils. What he wouldn't give to trade places with Luke to watch over her himself. A pressure on his leg caused his skin to prickle bringing him out of his revelry. His eyes shifted to his host where Kristie sat smirking. He could feel her trying to mindlink him but Jason shut her out changing position so he was out of her reach. Lobo stirred with a growl. How dare anyone interrupt their fantasies about their mate?
As the party wound down couples began to disperse. Jason assumed they were retrieving the pups to take them to bed. His suspicions were confirmed as Luke continued giving him updates. The last pups Phoebe escorted to their own room within the packhouse before she departed leaving through the back door and disappearing into the night.
Luke followed at a discrete distance tracking her to a cottage. Jason was on the edge of his seat as Luke described the single story structure surrounded by a cozy garden with the woods butted up against it. The windows were dark when she arrived and remained that way as she went directly to bed. Luke prowled the perimeter not picking up any strong scents but hers. It seemed she lived alone.
Jason frowned. Not that he minded the fact his mate was not surrounded by unmated males but it was unnatural for a she-wolf to live alone. She-wolves generally possessed more gregarious natures than their male counterparts and preferred to live in close proximity with one another.
In all likelihood the cottage was her parents' home and where Phoebe grew up. The fact she was living alone meant they had already passed. Lobo whimpered in sympathy upset they hadn't found their mate sooner and would have been there for her during what was certainly a trying time. But why would his mate continue to live alone so far from the others? Most in her situation would have moved into the packhouse to be closer to other she-wolves, their support and comfort.
"Looks like she's gone to bed," Luke commented. "What do you want to do?"
'Go to Mate!' Lobo immediately demanded.
He would give anything to follow through with his instinct but Jason hesitated. Waking her from slumber by suddenly appearing on her doorstep was sure to be confusing for her. No, he needed to talk to her. They needed time to get to know each other. But... "I don't like leaving her out there alone so far away from the pack."
"Agreed," Luke answered. His pack's Luna needed to be protected at all times. It was an instinct he didn't dare fight. "What about a guard?"
Jason hesitated. Aside from Luke the rest of his escort were unmated males a fact that made Lobo bristle. He didn't doubt the loyalty of his warriors but he also couldn't fight his instinct to protect his unmarked mate from interlopers. "What about Cam?" Luke suggested knowing his thoughts.
Cam was a fierce warrior and a skilled fighter. He was also gay. Unmated or not, he would certainly be no threat to the bond slowly forming between Jason and his mate.
"Good. Have Cam meet you."
"Should I tell him why he'll be guarding a random she-wolf?"
"He's smart. He'll figure it out on his own. But yeah. Tell him to keep it to himself for now...At least until I can speak with her."
"Got it."
###Chapter 6
in her neck and breathe her scent.
Jason escaped the party and Kristie's amorous overtures as soon as he could, retreating to his room. Double locking his door he hopped in the shower to try to cool his eagerness to see his mate. His arms itched to hold her, caress her. He was dying to bury his nose 'Mate!' Lobo growled pacing in the back of his mind like a caged animal.
'I know pal,' Jason sighed. 'I want to be with her just as much as you do but we have to be cautious. There's something wrong with this pack.
'If that Luna touches us again we rip her throat out!' Lobo snarled.
'Strange Alpha Graham didn't react at all, Jason suddenly realized something that had been bothering him the whole night.
A chosen bond wasn't as strong as a fated one but it still connected one's wolf spirit to another allowing them to communicate and sense each other. If one member of the pair betrayed the bond the other would certainly feel it. Though Kristie had only been flirting her mate should still have felt her intentions and yet Graham hadn't even flinched despite the fact she was sitting next to him. Then again he had been drinking quite heavily so perhaps he couldn't sense his wolf through the haze. Or was he drinking to deliberately suppress his wolf and dull the ache of his mate's betrayal?
Jason couldn't decide which scenario was more disturbing. In either case his instinct told him it wasn't safe to announce his fated mate had been found, at least not until he had a chance to speak with her. The sooner they could leave and get his mate back to the safety of his own pack the better.
'Yes! Take Mate home!'
'We will. We are not leaving without her.
Lobo growled assent. No matter what he had to convince Phoebe to leave with him. Nobody could stop him from claiming what was his. Stepping out of the shower Jason felt more exhausted than when he entered. Quickly drying himself he splayed out in the large bed. Sleep didn't come easily.
His mate was etched in his mind and he saw her as soon as he closed his eyes. He wanted nothing more than to curl up with her in his arms, her warm scent wafting around him and filling his nose. Only with that image firmly in place did he finally manage to fall asleep.
***
The buzzing of his phone woke him the next morning. With a groan he reached for it setting it against his ear without looking at the screen before answering, "Yeah?"
"Oh, I'm sorry, dear. Did I wake you?"
"Mom?" Jason was instantly awake. "Is everything all right?"
"Of course. Ben has the pack running like clockwork," his mother assured him. "But we did have a pretty serious breach."
"What do you mean?"
"Rogues. They breached our southern border. Ben and the warriors drove them out."
"Causalities?"
"None on our end. It's just..."
"Just what?"
"You know how packs are. They get anxious when their Alpha is away."
"Yeah. Got it loud and clear," Jason sighed.
Since he had no Luna tying the pack together they relied on him to maintain the pack bonds. While loyalty and trust were powerful it didn't quite make up for the natural strength of a Luna's care and love. "I'm sorry, dear. I know you were counting on this trip."
"It's all right, mom...I found her."
"...You did? Is she there with you? Can I talk to her? What's her name? What's she like?" the questions spilled out of his eager mother like a river.
"No, she's not with me at the moment. I just scented her last night. Her name is Phoebe. Mom she's...she's gorgeous. You should have seen how she interacts with her pack's pups."
Just the mention of it had Lobo wagging his tail.
"Oh, sweetie. She sounds wonderful. I'm so happy for you," his mother gushed. "But you haven't spoken to her yet?"
"No, not yet. This pack...the Alpha and Luna are...strange."
"What do you mean?"
"I'm pretty sure they are chosen mates but their bond... it almost seems, well, repressed," Jason sighed. He couldn't think of a better word to describe it. "It's not like yours and dad's bond and how strained it became. It's like they are doing everything they can to deliberately weaken it."
"...If that's true it means the alpha most likely met his fated mate and rejected her before taking his chosen mate."
"You think so? He had to know it would be risky."
Aside from the advantages of a fated mate there was another danger when it came to rejecting them and that was the possibility of losing one's wolf entirely. Their wolf spirits hungered for their fated mates. If their human counterpart rejected that mate it could drive their wolf insane. Their spirits became unpredictable or depressed refusing to even communicate with their human half. Sometimes they completely lost the ability to shift. Other times they went feral and became a crazed rogue.
For an alpha the risks were far too great. Why take such a gamble? Just what could the Rimrock alpha have been thinking when he rejected his mate for another?
"You're right to be cautious," his mother intoned. "If he finds out your fated mate is a member of his pack it could send his wolf over the edge. There's no telling how it could react." 'Must protect Mate!' Lobo growled.
"Cam guarded her place last night," Jason said. "I'll talk to her today and wrap up my visit as soon as I can."
"Take your time and don't rush the bond. Your mate deserves some romance before you sweep her away. Once I tell the pack you've found your Luna they'll settle down and prepare to welcome her."
Jason grimaced. His pack had been waiting over thirty years for their Luna. Though his parents were fated mates their pairing had been strained by his father's previous indiscretions and his mother was never able to properly bond with the pack. Perhaps that was why it was so easy for Jason to assume control even though his father was still in his prime. Most alphas handed down leadership only after years of training and preparation.
Jason had taken over his pack when he was twenty-one. He had been through warrior training and alpha training since he was twelve but he was hardly ready for such responsibility. Yet the moment Lobo awakened it was clear he was no ordinary wolf and almost immediately eclipsed his father.
His father tried to deny it but there was no hiding how even his wolf bowed to his son. Once Jason turned eighteen his father finally accepted the truth and started preparing to officially hand over control of the pack even though Jason had yet to find his fated Luna. For years Jason managed his pack on his own building their confidence and loyalty in stages until they were united under his leadership. Their bonds were strong but still lacking. The final piece was finally within his grasp: his Luna. "Good luck, sweetheart," his mother's voice broke through his thoughts.
"Thanks. I'll call you later."
"You do that but don't interrupt your time with your Luna. Use this time to establish and strengthen your bond. When you come back it is sure to be hectic and it will be more difficult to spend time together." "Right."
"See you soon. And I can't wait to meet her!" "Bye mom."
Jason hung up the phone. Running a hand through his hair he headed to the bathroom. His mother said to use this time to establish his bond but how? He had only given this pack a total of three days for a security assessment so his schedule was tight and it would look suspicious if he extended it without reason. After breakfast he was supposed to evaluate their warriors and observe their training methods.
The full schedule hadn't bothered him at the other packs but now he realized how little time he had to simply mingle with the rest of the pack. He had to find time to meet his mate and speak with her. Lobo prowled the back of his mind growling softly. They were both anxious to see their mate again. Which reminded him...
"Cam."
"I'm here, Alpha."
"How was last night?"
"Uneventful. Luna was up early though. She's been awake for an hour already."
"Is she...And what is she doing now?"
"Right now she's sitting on her porch swing with a cup of herbal tea reading. I can't see the book title from here though. Should I get closer?"
"No. Don't disturb her. I suppose she'll head to breakfast soon."
"I don't think so, Alpha. I smelled eggs and bacon earlier so I'm pretty sure she made her own."
Jason frowned. Made her own? It certainly wasn't out of the ordinary for wolves to enjoy a private meal from time to time especially if they lived away from the packhouse. However, wolves were social by nature. So far the only ones his Luna spent time with were the pack's pups. He wondered why.
Not to mention her scent in the packhouse was virtually non-existent. It seemed she avoided it as much as possible but why would she do that? Wolves were not solitary by nature. Lobo whimpered at the thought of their mate being lonely. They should be with her. "All right, Cam. Keep watch. I'll send Luke to relieve you so you can eat."
"Actually if you just send him out with food I'll be fine."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah, I already know my mate isn't here and after last night's party I got a sense my kind wasn't appreciated."
Jason grimaced. Wolves generally didn't hold the same prejudices as humans when it came to s****l orientation. Wolves judged others by their aura and ability rather than their bed partners but some younger packs did harbor such views especially if they associated closely with human settlements.
Such prejudice made it difficult for wolves like Cam though he was more than capable of putting others in their place. For those who lacked pack status or physical strength to defend themselves staying with their pack could be impossible and sometimes they were even driven out, forced to become rogues which was truly cruel.
Packs like Blue Moon worked to help such wolves transfer to other packs. In the day in age of computers and internet helping wolves forced out by such circumstances was even easier. In fact the Strawberry Moon Pack in California made helping such wolves its mission establishing a network of safe havens ensuring they could find a permanent home and their mates. Though Cam probably never thought about it visiting the Rimrock Pack was a stark reminder he was lucky to be born in a pack like Blue Moon. "Very well, I'll let Luke know. Keep an eye on her."
"Of course, Alpha. No one will harm our Luna."
Jason's lips twitched with a smile. It warmed him to know his pack members were already showing loyalty to their Luna when he hadn't even spoken to her yet. As his mother said, she would be welcomed with open arms once he brought her home. Lobo bristled with pride. Jason dressed and was ready by the time Luke knocked on his door.
"How'd you sleep?" Luke asked with a smirk.
Jason growled warning. His Beta was trying to lighten the mood but it wasn't helping. Questions had run through his mind all night and the urge to hold his mate wracked his every thought. He didn't like she was so far away from the safety of the packhouse. One thing he knew for certain: he could not spend another night without her.
"Okay, bad joke," Luke held up his hands in surrender.
He was; in fact, impressed by Jason's self-control. When Luke first scented his mate he couldn't keep his hands to himself. All night long he held his mate close, nuzzling her, kissing her and rubbing his scent over her before they mated and marked each other that very night leaving the party early.
"My mother called," Jason said.
"What happened?" Luke asked immediately on edge.
"There was a breach. No casualties but the pack is getting anxious."
"Without their alpha present I can understand why," Luke nodded. Even with Ben, Jason's sister and mother present the pack would still be anxious without their Alpha especially with no proper Luna to keep them calm. "So...what do you want to do?" "I'm cancelling the rest of the tour," Jason said. "The one thing I've been looking for is here. Mom said not to rush but I plan to head home as soon as possible."
Luke nodded. Jason took the safety of his pack very seriously so it didn't surprise him that they would drop the rest of their schedule. But he also knew Jason was anxious since he hadn't even had a conversation with his Luna yet. Somehow he had to introduce himself and convince her to leave her home to go with him back to his pack.
Normally, if a newly mated pair came from different packs they would discuss which pack they wanted to join. But in this case there could be no discussion. Jason couldn't simply stop being alpha. It shouldn't be too difficult with the bond pulling her to stay with her mate but it was clear she was very attached to her pack, or at least the pups. Luke wasn't certain how this would fall out.
###Chapter 7
Together they headed down to the dining hall. Because of his conversation with Cam Jason didn't expect to see his mate at breakfast but he was still disappointed by her absence. As they loaded their plates a shrill voice called to them.
"Over here, Jason!"
He suppressed a growl as he looked over at the table where their hosts sat. Kristie stood waving them over enthusiastically while Graham nursed what had to be a severe hangover with a strong cup of coffee. After one day it seemed they thought they were free to address him casually. "Well, have fun," Luke said.
"Don't you dare leave me alone with those two," Jason warned. Last night had been t*****e in more ways than one.
"Yes Alpha," Luke said. "But I do still need to bring Cam his breakfast so don't take too long."
Together they joined their hosts. Jason made Luke sit across from the overeager luna allowing him to sit as far from her as possible. An awkward silence descended on the foursome while Jason warily eyed his hosts. "So...Alpha Graham," Luke said after a moment, "we're looking forward to training with your warriors today. I'm always interested in new techniques."
Graham grunted sipping his coffee. He hadn't shaved and dark bags hung under his bloodshot eyes. Luke was fairly certain he never saw any alpha in such a condition and certainly not Jason who took his responsibilities seriously.
Given the conversation Jason related to Luke he was inclined to agree with his pack's former Luna. Not only had Graham taken a chosen mate but he had rejected his fated one. As a result a rift opened between him and his wolf spirit. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net know that it's some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. The disconnection also damaged his bond to the pack affecting his connection to it and perhaps the pack's bonds to each other as well. All of that could have been negated if his chosen luna was serious about her position but Kristie was not a proper Luna in the least. If her designer clothing was anything to go by she was only concerned with shopping and self-gratification.
If not for the fact Jason had found his mate they would certainly have cut this visit even shorter than the last. Hopefully the warriors would make up for their lackluster leadership.
After an arduous breakfast Luke slipped out to deliver Cam his meal before meeting Jason at the training facility ahead of their host who continued to linger over his coffee. They were disappointed to see Rimrock's warriors didn't have any more motivation than their leaders. Far fewer than they predicted even showed up despite knowing Jason and his visiting warriors were training with them.
Compounding the problem was the fact neither Alpha Graham nor Beta Michael showed up. Jason gritted his teeth struggling to suppress Lobo who prowled the back of his mind.
"Do you suppose this is their actual, everyday training?" Luke asked eyeing the disorganized troop struggle with inadequate equipment.
Jason rubbed his temple fending off a headache.
"Well, at least there is good news."
"Such as?" Jason sighed.
"Now you can spend time with your Luna," Luka smirked.
Jason blinked glancing at his Beta. That was right. If their hosts were not attending the training session than sneaking away was much simpler. Luke could handle the joint training without him. A smile twitched his lips as Lobo came to attention. "Cam, where are you?"
"In the woods."
"Woods?"
"Head south if you are coming from the packhouse."
Giving Luke a silent nod Jason slipped away and headed in the direction Cam indicated. The nature of his bond with his pack members made it easy to locate them. Entering the woods he stuck to trails and eventually reached Cam standing just off of it. "Cam, where..." "Up ahead," Cam nodded.
Anxiously Jason peered through the trees to see Phoebe watching over the pups as they scattered through the woods with baskets in hand. The two-year-old that normally was always on her hip was now being carried by one of the older girls eager to test their motherly skills.
"What's going on?" Jason asked.
"I think they are looking for wild mushrooms and berries," Cam said keeping his voice low. "It seems to be part of a lesson on plants and foraging. Looks like she's teaching them life skills."
Jason smiled. She was concerned with the health of her pack. Teaching them how to forage for food and healing herbs made good sense, especially considering the current state of the pack's leadership. While the pack warriors were definitely adversely affected by their leadership the pups still held strong bonds with their fellow playmates no doubt due to Phoebe's influence as one would expect of a proper Luna.
"Keep an eye on the pups, make sure they don't wander too far," Jason instructed.
"Right. Good luck, Alpha. Go get her." Cam patted his shoulder in encouragement before slipping away.
Jason took a deep breath trying to calm his racing heart as Lobo paced his mind. They were finally going to meet their mate. All his years of waiting were at an end. But what was he going to say?
Jason hesitated. How should he even approach her? He didn't want to be overbearing or overwhelm her with his aura. If he walked up to her and said 'Hello Mate' would that be too much?
"I know you are there," she suddenly spoke. "Come out."
Shit.
***
"Miss Phoebe, can I take Jack? Please! I promise I'll be careful."
Phoebe finally relented at the young girl's urgent plead handing over the two-year-old. In general she knew the girls would take care of him and new better than to intentionally place him in harm's way but toddlers tended to find trouble easily enough on their own. She watched the pups carefully. There was no fear of them wandering too far and they knew the safety rules which she was confident they would adhere to them.
The wind shifted and Máni was suddenly on alert. Ever since last night her wolf had been anxious and unsettled. Nothing seemed to help and even her wolf didn't know the reason. But now she caught the smell of dogwood and campfire that stirred a part of her she thought long dormant. But that couldn't be...unless...
'Mate!' Máni exclaimed.
'But, it can't be. Graham...
'Not him! Our real Mate!'
'You mean, our second chance mate?'
'Yes! He's here! He's here!'
'But why would the Moon Goddess give us a second chance mate? I'm not...she wouldn't care about someone like me!'
'The Moon Goddess loves us! I told you so!' Máni said. 'Oh call him over and you'll see!'
Phoebe bit her lip and steeled her nerves before she slowly turned, "I know you are there. Come out."
"...Shit." was the muffled reply.
It was followed by snapping twigs as a tall, well-built male stepped into view. An undeniable alpha aura washed over her. Like most males he sported a trim goatee and a bit of a five o'clock shadow. It wasn't easy for wolves to maintain a clean-shaved look so most gave up. His dark brown hair fell over his forehead making her fingers itch to run through it. Why? Why would the Moon Goddess do this to her again? Another alpha? She didn't know if she could survive another rejection.
'Don't think like that!' Máni admonished. 'He won't do that!'
'Our last one did.
Máni whimpered.
"Um...hi," he said his nervousness palpable.
Perhaps she caught him off guard by calling him out. She knew how important it was for alphas to be in control but she didn't have any desire to allow another to walk all over her.
Jason hesitated, "I didn't mean to startle you. I'm..."
"I know who you are Alpha Jason. The pack has been buzzing about your visit for a week."
Jason clenched his jaw at her dismissive and formal answer. He wanted her to call him by his name and only his name. There should be no titles between mates.
"So...do you want to do it here or do you want to move further away?" Phoebe asked.
"W-What do you mean?"
"The rejection."
"What!" his eyes practically bulged from his head.
"That's why you waited until now, isn't it?" Phoebe asked. "You waited until I was somewhere alone so no one would see you."
"Why would you think that?"
"It is what my first mate did."
"Your first...Then I'm your second chance," he said. She could almost see the wheels turning. No alpha wanted leftovers especially one that had already been rejected.
"So should we just get it over with now? Let's move away from the pups...I rather they didn't see..."
"No!" he suddenly closed the distance between them taking her hands in his. There was panic in his gaze.
Phoebe blinked as startled by his reaction as the electric charge of their bond tingling through her skin and up her arms.
"Please, no," he said more softly afraid he scared her before stepping close. "I have been looking for you for ten years. You have no idea how many times I dreamed of this moment."
Phoebe stood speechless as his scent wafted around her making her feel safe and warm. He bowed his head resting his forehead against hers. Breathing deep he sighed and she knew he was taking in her scent.
"You are so beautiful," he whispered. "I don't know what I did to please the Moon Goddess that she would bless me with you."
Phoebe remained silent. Did he really call her beautiful?
'Yes! Yes, he did!' Máni cooed. 'I told you so!'
"Please say we can spend some time together," Jason said slowly easing back afraid he might be overwhelming her. He still gripped her hands as if afraid she would disappear if he let go. "Can we have dinner? I'm dying to know more about you. I want to know everything. Please..."
###Chapter 8
'Say yes human!' Máni howled.
"Um...all right," Phoebe nodded hesitantly studying him as he smiled at her answer. "How about my cottage? Say seven?"
"Perfect," Jason eagerly agreed.
He smiled again revealing dimples as his eyes swirled amber. His wolf was close to the surface eager to see her. She shivered as his scent grew stronger and his aura protectively engulfed her. His arms encircled her pulling her close. He bowed his head close to her neck near her marking spot where her scent would be strongest. Breathing deep he filled his lungs with her scent: sage and lilac with just the slightest spicy note he almost missed. Slowly he pulled away and rested his forehead against hers again, "Seven. And not a second later."
"...All right," Phoebe agreed staring at him shocked by his behavior as much as her reaction as she fought the urge to press herself against him.
This wasn't what she expected but it was making her heart flutter and Máni was practically purring. Before reluctantly departing he raised her hands to his lips and gently kissed them. Studying every inch of her face he committed it to memory before he finally turned to leave.
"Wait!" Phoebe suddenly shook off her stupor and clutched his arm.
Startled he looked at her.
"Be careful where you step," she warned pointing down at the ground.
He followed the gesture to see a large trap glinting cold silver in the dim light of the woods. His nose wrinkled in disgust as he said, "Is that..."
"Silver, yes," Phoebe nodded. "That's our alpha's solution to the increasing rogue attacks. He and his warriors set traps like that throughout the woods."
"You're kidding."
Phoebe shook her head, "You should warn your warriors if you plan on accompanying patrols."
"I should ask for a map so they can memorize their locations."
"There aren't any," Phoebe said, "so it won't do you any good. I doubt anyone even remembers where half of them are located."
"The pups!" Jason suddenly whirled around looking for them.
"They are all right," Phoebe said. "We're in the woods all the time so they know where the traps are."
"They know..." Jason blinked. "Cam, watch where you put your feet."
"Yeah, I was going to warn you but I didn't want to interrupt. It's not so bad if you keep to the trails. The kids were having a jumping contest over one of them."
Jason suppressed a growl. Was he serious? These pups were so used to these deadly traps that they treated them like a game? What was wrong with this pack's leadership? Did they actually think it was okay?
"... Um Alpha Jason?" Phoebe hesitated sensing his boiling anger. She touched his arm. "J-Jason."
He jerked to attention turning to her voice. His swirling eyes glimmered amber before darkening to his usual brown as his wolf subsided. Seeing her startled expression he gently embraced her calming himself with her scent and assuring her he was fine. "Be careful, angel," Jason said. "One of my warriors is out here with you so..."
"I know."
"Y-you know?"
"Well, yeah. Him and your Beta last night," Phoebe nodded. "I figured he was doing some sort of security check when he followed me from the packhouse last night."
"How did you..."
"No one comes out to my cottage so it's not really hard to sense when something changes," Phoebe explained as if it should be obvious.
Jason looked at her, blinked then broke out into a laugh. Wait until Luke heard his stealth counted for nothing with their new Luna. Phoebe thought he would be mad with her confession but surprisingly he broke out into another broad smile that brought out his dimples as he chuckled and pulled her close so they stood forehead to forehead.
"You are amazing." He backed off slowly and kissed her forehead. "His name is Cam. Call him if anything happens. He can contact me directly if you need me so don't hesitate. I'll drop whatever I'm doing. All right?" "Okay." Phoebe nodded.
Reluctantly he released her and headed back the way he came carefully skirting the trap. Phoebe watched him go with a mixture of emotions. Her heart hammered in her head. His scent lingered in the air making her shiver with longing suddenly feeling cold and wanting his warm body next to hers. What was wrong with her?
'Nothing,' Máni answered. 'It's natural to want your Mate close to you. Especially one as yummy as ours!
'Máni!'
'What? You think he's yummy too. Don't deny the thoughts that have been running through your head the moment he kissed your hands!
Phoebe blushed. The blessing and curse of having a wolf spirit was that you could never keep a secret from them. Every thought that flitted through her mind when their mate held her no matter how lewd or fleeting was shared with her wolf currently prancing about in her mind.
'You don't have to be embarrassed. It's natural'
'But our first mate...
'Oh, forget about him! Focus on our new Mate. He'll make the waiting worth it!'
Phoebe sighed. There was no talking to her wolf when she was like this. Máni might be ready to accept their mate at face value but she couldn't help but have reservations. She had been looking forward to meeting her fated mate but the dream had become a nightmare in a single moment. Could she really have faith in this second chance and know it wouldn't also become a nightmare?
***
Jason returned to the training facility to see not much had changed. Graham and his beta still hadn't shown up but Luke had organized the warriors and drilled them with a proper exercise routine.
'Go back to Mate!' Lobo demanded. 'Mate not safe out there alone!'
'She's not alone. Cam is watching her!
'We should be watching her!'
Jason couldn't help but agree. Her scent was still strong in his nostrils and his clothes. Most she-wolves he met invariably had a sweet smell either of fruit or flowers which generally made him gag. Phoebe's scent on the other hand was much richer and earthier, more soothing and enticing. It was like her scent was specifically crafted just for him and perhaps that was true of all fated mates.
But he was her second chance mate. The thought of another wolf touching her irritated him. Yet she said she had been rejected which was all the more infuriating. Who would reject such a perfect mate? Her gentle curves fit so neatly against him and he could only imagine how soft her pale skin would feel under his fingers. And her gray eyes that shimmered silver...
Silver...
Jason frowned. Kristie claimed Phoebe was wolfless but... How then would Phoebe have the ability to sense his warriors if not for a wolf's extended senses? When her eyes shimmered was that not her wolf coming to the surface? Why would they say she was wolfless when she clearly possessed a wolf? Unless...they didn't know? But how could that be?
If she was rejected perhaps the shock of the bond breaking caused her wolf to regress. He heard of it happening before. Rejected wolves were often weaker because their wolf spirits suffered horrendous pain and loss when the bonds were broken. They also sometimes lost the ability to shift because of that. Perhaps that was what happened to Phoebe.
Lobo whimpered at the thought of their mate enduring such pain but it made sense. It explained why Phoebe avoided the packhouse and chose to live alone. No doubt her first mate was as member of the pack and she would want to avoid him especially if he took a different mate.
It also explained why she was so thin. When he held her Jason couldn't help but notice she was underweight even for her petite size. After the rejection she probably lost her appetite further weakening her and making it more difficult to shift which took a lot energy and calories to maintain.
'Mate hurting. Lobo whined.
'Yes. But not anymore. It stops with us!
'Yes! We make Mate feel protected and loved!'
Jason grinned. He and his wolf were in full agreement. They would erase every bad memory their mate suffered one by one.
"Someone looks happy," Luke commented. "And by your smell...I take it the talk went well?"
"We're having dinner tonight," Jason couldn't wipe the smile from his face if he wanted to. "At her place."
Luke smirked. Given how long Jason waited for his mate he was certainly entitled to enjoy this moment. In fact Luke was a little jealous. His own mate was a horrible cook but the thought of enjoying a meal cooked by one's mate was very appealing. If he had any skill in the kitchen he would treat his mate to a meal as a surprise.
"So it went very well."
Jason's smile faded.
"What?"
"When I first saw her she asked if I was going to reject her."
"Why would she ask that?"
"Because that's what her first mate did."
"First mate...so you are her second chance," Luke said.
Jason nodded.
"Well that explains a few things."
Like Jason Luke now understood why Phoebe avoided the packhouse and lived alone. Depression and loss of appetite wasn't uncommon for rejected wolves especially if their mate betrayed the bond after the rejection. But it also meant Jason had his work cut out for him.
Wolves who suffered rejection were often reluctant to commit to their second chance mate, afraid of being hurt again. In such cases their mate had to work twice as hard to earn their trust and win their hearts. Luke knew Jason was up to the task. Hopefully he had enough time before they headed back to their pack.
"Well, good luck. Not that you need it."
"Thanks." Jason grimaced. Though Luke seemed confident Jason was not so sure. He was not a Casanova and had avoided all romantic entanglements choosing to stay faithful to his mate. With his lack of experience did he really stand a chance of winning over his mate?
###Chapter 9
Jason could barely contain his anticipation as he anxiously watched the clock for dinnertime. Returning to his room after the disastrous joint training he hopped in the shower to wash away the dirt, grime and frustration. Not only did the Rimrock pack's warriors lack discipline but also strength and stamina. His warriors could run circles around them. However when pressed by Luke's aura they quickly fell into line and pushed themselves so there was some hope. What was truly lacking was the pack's authority. The warrior's lackluster performance was clearly due to their alpha's absence and lack of motivation. Even if just their beta participated in training it would be a huge improvement to morale.
Luke's reaction to learning about the traps was predictably incredulous. He shook his head at the sheer idiocy of the whole idea especially if the pack's warriors didn't know the location or placement of the traps. If the warriors didn't know where the traps were located their movements would be equally hampered and the traps just as deadly to them as their enemy.
For a small pack controlling a vast area traps weren't necessarily a bad thing but implementing them called for strategy. Placing them in areas difficult to patrol would be smart but not everywhere and especially not remembering where they were placed was a problem. Rimrock was a mid-size pack so there should be no reason to employ so many traps given the size of their defensive force. It all came down to laziness and their alpha's disconnection with his pack duties.
Stepping out of the shower Jason shook his head to clear his mind of such thoughts. Right now the only thing that mattered was his mate. He wouldn't let anything interfere with his first meal with her. Tonight would be perfect. Not wanting to appear too formal he dressed in a sweater and jeans with his leather jacket as the final layer. Jason considered his reflection carefully.
Normally he didn't care what he looked like but tonight he hoped to impress. Touching his now smooth cheeks he thought he struck a handsome profile. Hopefully his mate would be impressed. Lobo was practically climbing the walls of his mind eager to see their mate again.
Leaving the packhouse through the kitchen and out the back door Jason avoided his hosts and any needless questions. Luke already had a prepared excuse for his absence blaming the recent rogue attacks for an emergency call home.
Following Luke's directions as well as using Cam as a guide Jason had little trouble finding Phoebe's cottage. As his Beta described, it was a neat little structure making a cozy home tucked into the woods and surrounded by a garden teeming with herbs. The perennials had long since gone to seed and minded themselves with little effort from their caretaker.
Though it was picturesque scene Jason did bristle at the thought of Phoebe living out here alone with no one to protect her but border patrols whose abilities he now seriously questioned. Lobo growled in agreement. It simply wasn't safe for their mate to remain here.
"Alpha?"
"Anything to report, Cam?" Jason asked without looking at his warrior newly emerged from the forest shadows.
"All is peaceful."
"Good. You can head back to the packhouse and get yourself a proper meal. I won't be needing you the rest of the night."
"Planning to guard Luna on your own then?" Cam asked with a smirk.
Jason growled at his warrior's audacity but Cam was already off. With a sigh he calmed himself. It was his hope to spend the night with his mate. If she was uncomfortable with that idea he would sleep on the porch. But tonight would be perfect. 'Remember, don't push her,' Jason said to his eager wolf.
'I know! I know! But...Mate!'
'Tonight is all about her so she is in control of what happens!
'Right. Yes. Now go to Mate human!'
Jason couldn't help but smile. A wolf's s*x drive was generally high and tempered only by their desire for their one-true mate. Their wolf counterparts seldom found anyone tempting if it wasn't their mate and so had no desire to be with them. It was the human counterpart that lacked self-control and chose to engage in sometimes numerous trysts waiting for their mate to appear.
While it wasn't uncommon for young wolves to engage in s****l activities Jason had abstained. The idea of touching any wolf who was not his mate was nauseating especially after learning about his parents' troubles. Jason was determined not to repeat his father's mistakes so he avoided affairs with others.
Apparently other wolves found his level of self-control appealing and many sought to be his first partner but Jason shrugged them away following his wolf's instincts to save himself for his fated mate. He wanted her to be his first and selfishly wanted to be her first. Jason certainly wouldn't have faulted her if she took other partners before meeting him but now it seemed his selfish wish had come true.
When he held Phoebe and breathed her scent he hadn't detected any trace of another. It seemed her first mate had rejected her immediately and perhaps because of that Phoebe hadn't had any desires to be with another. Lobo was eager to express the pent up urges they had suppressed but Jason insisted they take it slow. They had to be mindful of the trauma she suffered because of her rejection and gradually breakdown the barriers she erected to protect herself.
Once again in control Jason let himself through the garden gate and stepped onto the porch. With a deep breath he knocked and anxiously waited for an answer. What if she changed her mind and refused to let him in? Lobo whimpered at the thought. After an agonizing minute the door opened a crack. Verifying her visitor Phoebe undid the last latch and opened it wide. Shyly she smiled, "Come in."
Jason stepped across the threshold and was immediately engulfed in her scent. Around the packhouse he only ever caught a faint whiff of her, just enough to tantalize him but in her home he was practically swimming in it. Jason breathed deep letting her scent soak into every fiber of his being while Lobo rolled onto his back, belly up.
Blinking, he realized Phoebe was still anxiously watching him. Smiling he said, "Your home is almost as beautiful as you."
Her gray eyes blinked wide, startled by his announcement then a rosy blush colored her cheeks, "Thank you. Umm...dinner will be ready in a few more minutes. Make yourself at home."
She closed the door and hurriedly retreated to the kitchen where he could smell the tantalizing odor of chicken, sautéed vegetables and rice.
Make myself at home. Jason smiled at the idea. He had every intention of doing just that.
Spying a coat rack next to the door he shrugged off his jacket and hung it up. His eyes shifted to her front door and he frowned as he counted the number of latches and deadbolts that had been installed. It wouldn't do much to deter a wolf from entering if they wanted but it was an indication she didn't feel safe.
Quietly he turned taking in the small, neatly arranged interior. There was a sofa and chair set arranged in front of the fireplace with a coffee table, side tables and lamps. An upright piano was tucked in a small nook and he immediately wondered if it was for decoration or if she knew how to play. But what caught his attention was books. Books were everywhere arranged in several bookcases, on top of the piano, on the coffee table, over the mantel. There was easily a thousand or more. Has she read all of them? He wondered.
He could count on one hand the number of books he had read. He recalled what Luke told him concerning the pretend campfire as she related the plot of Treasure Island. Approaching one of the cases he read the bindings on the shelves: Great Expectations, Scarlett Letter, Moby d**k, Frankenstein and the Prince and the Pauper among many others all carefully arranged by the author's last name.
"So...have you read all of these books?" he asked taking one from its place and paging through it.
"No. Over half...yes," Phoebe answered. "My father used to read to me every night a couple chapters at a time until I was seven or eight, I think. After that I read on my own. We used to debate different aspects of the plot or the characters over the dinner table." Jason smiled at the thought of a little Phoebe curled up in her father's lap as he read to her. Putting the book back in place he quietly wandered to the mantel where he found a framed family photo nestled among the books. Handling it with care he studied the faces of her parents. Phoebe looked a lot like her mother with a few characteristics from her father though neither of them possessed her gray eyes. It was clear they were a tight-knit family group.
He frowned. Her parents seemed older than he would have guessed. Werewolves in general aged slower than humans often appearing no older than their thirties well into their sixties or seventies but Phoebe's parents already showed some gray and fine lines around their eyes.
"Dinner's ready."
###Chapter 10
Setting aside the picture Jason walked back to the kitchen. A small, round table sat in front of a bay window with two place settings arranged across from each other. The kitchen was small but not cramped with everything carefully arranged for function. As he watched Phoebe plated chicken breasts on top of a mound of rice with vegetables on the side. She brought them to the table setting them down before heading to the refrigerator, "I don't have any wine. I hope milk is all right."
"Milk is fine," he agreed though he would have agreed to anything as she poured two glasses before returning to the table. With a nervous smile she gestured to his chair, "Um...have a seat."
Jason stepped into the kitchen taking her chair and helping her to sit. When she was comfortable he carefully moved his place setting so that he sat beside her rather than across before he took his own seat. Phoebe blushed but remained silent as he surveyed his meal. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net know that it's some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Tantalizing smells of herbs and oil made his mouth water as he studied a meal that was certainly camera worthy. Having been the victim of his sister's cooking in the past Jason was pleasantly surprised by the skill Phoebe demonstrated with this one meal.
"It looks fantastic," he smiled. "Are you a master chef?"
Phoebe blushed and chuckled, "No. My mother used to run the packhouse kitchen. I learned from her."
"And quite well," Jason added before picking up his utensils and cutting into the chicken. "I wish my sister had half your talent."
It was so tender he didn't even need the knife. His mouth was already watering before he took his first bite. The savory flavor exploded in his mouth punctuated by the clever mix of herbs and seasonings. Even the pack cooks never made anything so engaging. "So...you have a sister?" Phoebe asked by way of conversation as she cut into her own meal.
"Yes. Lucille. She's a few years younger than me and already mated," Jason said through mouthfuls. "My Gamma, and one of my best friends, was her fated mate. I couldn't tell you who I was more jealous of at the time."
Phoebe stifled a chuckle.
"And you? Siblings?"
"No," Phoebe shook her head. "My parents met late in life. My mother wasn't originally from this pack so it was pure chance she met my father at all."
"Really?"
"She was the head cook at her original pack too and my father was one of our foragers and gardeners so he was the one usually sent out to buy groceries. One day he stopped at a farmer's market and it just happened that my mother was at the same one. They'd both had all but given up on finding their fated mates by the time they met."
Jason smiled picturing the moment the pair, well out of their primes, came face to face. Aloud he said, "Then they had you."
Phoebe nodded, "My father went to school for teaching. He was something of a scholar and the pack tutor."
"Next you're going to tell me he was an expert piano player."
"No. That was my mother. She loved music."
"Amazing."
Phoebe shrugged, "Is it? I mean, my parents were unranked pack members...just nameless cogs in the machine."
Jason grimaced at the description but it wasn't wrong. The majority of pack members were unranked existing somewhere between the delta warriors and low-ranked omegas that did the majority of the grunt work. While delta warriors could advance to gamma fighters over time, other pack members had little hope of advancement unless they were lucky to find a mate in the higher ranks.
"So you learned to cook and music from your mother and garden and read from your father?"
Phoebe nodded, "I went to college after high school for my teaching degree. I guess that's why I decided to look after the pups. I make up lessons for them, keep them busy and out of everyone's way...especially Luna Kristie." Jason grimaced, "She doesn't seem to like pups in the slightest."
Phoebe shook her head. Kristie had a short temper and there were many in the pack that bore scars from incurring her wrath. Phoebe was determined to spare the pups by keeping them away from their unpredictable luna. "So you went to college."
Phoebe nodded.
"That's amazing," Jason said.
"Is it?"
"Yeah, most pack members stick to whatever work they like but for someone to have the passion to actually go into higher education is pretty rare," Jason said. "You are amazing."
Phoebe blushed at his compliment making him wonder if anyone had ever expressed appreciation for her skill and dedication before. He for one would never stop being impressed by everything she accomplished.
They took turns talking about themselves as the meal continued. After dinner they moved to the living room and sat across from each other on the loveseat. Normally Phoebe would have washed the dishes immediately but this time she left them in the sink. Jason fondled her slim hand listening to her. "My mother passed away shortly after I graduated. She got sick and just never recovered."
Jason frowned but it wasn't an unusual fate for aging wolves. While their healing abilities slowed the aging process it didn't stop it. Their regenerative abilities worked better against injury rather than disease.
"My father only lasted another year or so," Phoebe continued. "But he was never the same."
Jason nodded. That was also not unusual. It was not easy to overcome the breaking of mate bond regardless of how. Once one half of the pair passed the other usually deteriorated and followed rather quickly. While his own father had passed away years ago his mother was alive and well but she was a special case. She had a strong desire to watch over her children and was eager to hold her grandchildren before she left the world.
Jason raised her hand to his lips, "I'm sorry you had to go through that alone."
Phoebe gave him a shy smile and a slight blush colored her cheeks. He wasn't sure if it was a reaction to his sympathy or the kiss. Despite the fact she had been rejected it was clear she had never been romanced.
"How about you?" Phoebe finally asked hoping to take the spotlight off herself. "What's your family like?"
"Well, I already told you about my sister. Our mother is still alive though my father has passed on."
"Really?"
"Yeah, that was...five years ago?" Jason nodded. "Not long after I took over the pack my father began to deteriorate."
Phoebe frowned. Alphas lost some of their prowess once their heirs took over however they often went on to live a decent retired life. For Jason's father to have reacted that way indicated the passing of leadership was not amicable but she didn't think it was her place to ask.
"My father and I never really saw eye to eye," Jason sighed continuing without prompting. "We had different ideas of what it meant to be Alpha...especially when it came to our Luna."
Phoebe inclined her head to the side.
"He thought I was being stubborn waiting for my fated mate," Jason explained. "An alpha's aura is more potent with a mate so he thought I should take a chosen one."
"... But you didn't," Phoebe said. If he had it would have broken their bond sight unseen.
"I knew somewhere out there was my perfect match. The Goddess is never wrong. But I never imagined she would choose someone as perfect as you."
Phoebe's blush deepened. She looked away her gray eyes shimmering silver. Her brow furrowed as if having an internal debate. Biting her lip she slowly looked back at him. Her gaze still shimmered with her indecision. "...Um...can I ask you something?"
"Of course, angel. You can ask me anything."
"Could you...I mean I don't want to push you or anything, so you definitely don't have to...It's just I never did it before so...would you...kiss me?" Phoebe's blush deepened further until she was nearly as red as a beet.
Jason blinked surprised at the candor of her request but a smile warmed his expression as Lobo perked up from his near comatose state. His wolf pressed forward and Jason struggled to keep him in check. As eager as they both were he refused to overwhelm Phoebe so soon.
Leaning forward he closed the gap between them. Gently he pulled her close before tilting her chin and pressed their lips together. Her lips were soft, pliable as he tasted her for the first time. A soft moan escaped her encouraging him to deepen the kiss pressing for entry. His tongue slipped into her mouth, curling around hers.
He pulled away slowly breathing deep as they sat forehead to forehead. His heart was racing and desires he had laid dormant stirred. He waited so long every part of him screamed to claim his mate. But he didn't want to scare her. He wanted her willing and ready. "How was that, angel?" Jason hoarsely whispered.
"It was the best first kiss ever," she answered.
He rubbed noses with her certain he couldn't remove the smile from his face if he tried, "I'll make sure all your firsts are just as good."
Phoebe blushed as the implication of his promise ran through her mind. Her body shivered with eagerness but she just...she wasn't ready. "...Jason."
"Shh. Whenever you're ready, angel," he assured her. "I'm here."
She shivered. It was all so new to her. No one treated her with such consideration or attention. Was it wrong for her to hope it never ended?
"Angel..."
"Hmm?"
"Can I...stay?"
Phoebe blinked pulling away from him. Her heart raced. It was difficult to fight the urge to scream Yes! but did she dare say it? She had already invited him into her home and allowed him this close. What if he suddenly turned on her? A rejection would be ten times more painful now that she allowed him in. Máni whimpered though she insisted this time would different even she shuddered at the idea of suffering such pain again. What if he tried something she wasn't ready for?
"Just to sleep," Jason suddenly said sensing her internal debate. "I promise, I won't try anything...I just...I don't think I can sleep knowing you are out here alone, unprotected. I'll sleep on the porch if that's what you want."
'Oh he's so cute when he begs, Máni cooed. 'Let him stay. And don't you dare make him sleep outside. We'll sleep better too.
"All right," Phoebe finally said. She was going to trust her wolf.
He smiled letting out a relieved sigh as Lobo turned circles. They were going to spend the night with their mate! Jason struggled to control their eagerness as a hesitant Phoebe stood and led them further into the cottage.
At the back of the cottage a short hallway terminated in a small bathroom. On either side was a door leading to a bedroom. To his left was the master bedroom with a full-sized bed and suitably antique furniture probably over a hundred years old though no doubt new when originally purchased. Phoebe immediately disappeared inside returning to the door to shove a bundle of clothes at him indicating the bathroom before closing the door.
Jason fought his wolf's disappointment but he hadn't expected anything different. It was too soon for her to be comfortable changing in front of him. Sheepishly he retreated to the bathroom to look what she gave him to discover a plain white t-shirt and flannel pants. Jason smirked. Like most wolves he preferred sleeping n**e but he understood why Phoebe wanted a few layers between them. Jason leaned over the sink running cold water to splash over his face both to calm him and cool his ardor. "Luke?"
"I'm here. You've been quiet all night. I assumed it was going well. So?"
"I'll be sleeping here."
"So it's going very well."
Jason fought to suppress a growl, "It's not what you think."
"Like hell. It's almost impossible for one to sleep without your mate once you find them."
"Anything to report?"
"Only that the Alpha and Luna here are getting more annoying. The Beta isn't bad but..."
"I know. He seems to be aware of what is going on but he lacks the authority to keep the Alpha in line or override him. And he's still unmated."
"Yeah, if he was mated it would definitely give his aura a boost and if it was his fated mate it might even push him over the top."
"Did they buy your excuse for my absence?"
"To be honest I don't know if Alpha Graham even heard me. But Luna Kristie was disappointed."
Jason grimaced.
"Don't worry about it. Just focus on your mate."
"Gladly."
###Chapter 11
Jason closed the connection. Now calm he managed to change in the bathroom that was hardly bigger than a linen closet. The t-shirt was far too small so he tossed it aside. The flannels were loose if short and were like capris on him but would suffice for tonight. Leaving his clothes in a neat pile on top of the hamper he stepped back into the hallway.
Reaching the bedroom doors he paused to peak into the opposite room. To his surprise it was not just a childhood bedroom but one made for two with twin beds and dressers. Even more surprising was the relatively fresh smells of others wolves that permeated it. Phoebe said she was an only child and she didn't claim pups of her own but there was no doubt the room was recently used. The scents were beginning to stale meaning they were at least a week old.
Intrigued and confused he pushed aside his questions to focus on his mate. There was time enough to ask her about the room later when he had built some trust. Facing his mate's room he took a deep breath and knocked hoping she hadn't changed her mind. After an anxious moment the door opened to reveal his mate. Phoebe wore pink, two-piece, silk pajamas. The shorts gave him his first unimpeded view of her supple legs. Jason swallowed a lump in his throat noticing the blush rising to her cheeks. She averted her eyes and he recalled his bare chest.
Stepping forward he gently took her in his arms and kissed her temple. He wanted to assure her he wouldn't try anything but also didn't trust himself if he tried a more passionate kiss.
Still blushing she retreated to the bed hurriedly slipping under the covers and settled on one side of the bed facing away from him. Jason watched holding his breath as he glimpsed her round b**t yearning to touch it. 'This is going to be hard.'
'You can say that again, Lobo laughed. 'You should check your pants.'
'Quiet. You are not helping!
Jason tried to ignore the uncomfortable feeling in his borrowed pants. It was not easy to do, surrounded by his mate's heavenly smell. Once he was certain he could control himself he circled to his side of the bed. He eased under the covers noting her reaction. It was clear she never shared a bed with anyone by her rigid posture and how she positioned herself on the very edge giving him ninety percent of the mattress. Once he was lying down he eased closer to her and pulled her into his embrace spooning her so she rested firmly against him.
"...Wait."
"Shh. It's okay, angel," he kissed her temple. "I promised nothing will happen that you aren't ready for...but I can't have you falling off the bed."
She snorted at the thought of falling out of her own bed but slowly relaxed as he nuzzled her. His embrace was firm but not wandering though he desperately wanted to caress every inch of her. Satisfied he would keep his promise she relaxed letting his scent sooth her to sleep. Though Jason had gotten used to restless nights this time he fell asleep easily with his mate safe in his arms.
***
Sunlight peaked through the curtains as Jason stirred. He couldn't remember a night he slept so deeply and he found it difficult to stir with his mate's scent permeating his lungs. Breathing deep he reveled in it reaching for her only to find he was in bed alone. Jerking awake he bolted upright.
The bedroom was small and a bit cramped with a bed, two bedside tables and a dresser. And of course there was a bookshelf heavily burdened by books making the space even smaller. The closet door was partially open allowing him a view of the equally small space. It pained him knowing his mate had lived in this cramped environment for so long. She deserved so much more. For starters he would build her a library, maybe an entire replica of the cottage since they couldn't take it with them. But first... Swinging his legs over the bed he stood. As he did the bedroom door suddenly opened and Phoebe entered wrapped in a towel. Her thick, brown mane contained and twisted in another. Her eyes suddenly went wide seeing he was awake and hesitated. With a sigh of relief Jason closed the distance between them and held her. Bowing his head near her neck he breathed in her scent now freshened after her shower. Raising his head he kissed her forehead before pressing his lips to hers with a relaxed, lazy kiss. "Good morning, angel."
"Morning." She blushed at his intimate yet chaste gestures. "Did you, um, sleep well?"
"Best I have in years." He chuckled nuzzling her. "And you? Did you sleep well?" "Yes. I did."
"Good." Jason kissed her temple.
"Hope I'm not interrupting..." Luke's voice suddenly announced through their mental link.
Stifling a growl Jason answered his Beta's entreat, "This better be important."
"I took the liberty of packing your things. I left your bag on the porch."
"Fine."
"Why so grouchy?"
"It just so happened I'm greeting my mate good morning before you interrupted."
"Oh. Oops. I'll be going now."
"Is something wrong?" Phoebe asked feeling his tension.
"No. My Beta thinks he's funny," Jason shook his head.
Phoebe smiled at his excuse. It never occurred to her that a beta could be funny but perhaps that was the difference between an older pack like Blue Moon and a younger one like Rimrock. Or perhaps the difference was in how the alphas managed their respective packs that allowed them to be more casual.
He kissed her forehead again before slowly releasing her, "He dropped off my bag so...if you don't mind I'll use your bathroom."
"Oh! Yes. That's fine. The towels are in the linen closet right as you walk in." "Thanks."
"...I'll make breakfast. Omelets sound okay?"
"Sounds perfect." Jason smiled taking a final long look at her wanting nothing more than to rip away the towel hiding her from his sight before he let himself out of the room.
His ill-fitting pants were already uncomfortable and it was getting more difficult to temper his desires when he was around her. It was his instinct to claim his mate and mark her as his. And it was clear she desired him but her mind and body were at war with each other. She had been hurt deeply and her trust was not easily earned. This wasn't how he envisioned meeting his mate but he would not give up. He would show her his earnestness and find a way into her heart.
Jason headed to the front door finding his bag where Luke left it. Silently he hefted the duffle and carried it to the bathroom. He leaned over the sink breathing deep. The small space was hot, humid and heavy with Phoebe's scent. Lobo lazily stirred. Normally his wolf was restless in the mornings trying to claw its way out of his mind but now Lobo was practically comatose, utterly relaxed surrounded by their mate's scent. All night long he hadn't stirred once.
'You still alive, buddy?' Jason chuckled.
'Mate smells so good.'
'Yes. She does.'
'And she feels so soft and warm.'
'Yes.' Jason agreed remembering how neatly she fit against him.
'But she's too thin. Lobo whimpered.
'Yeah. I know. Jason sighed.
Luke had mentioned it and there was no denying it when he held her. While Phoebe certainly wasn't skin and bones, it was clear she was thinner than she should be. He heard rejected wolves often pined for the mates who rejected them. They often fell into deep depression and loss of appetite was not uncommon. Some even went as far as harming themselves.
Thankfully that didn't seem the case with Phoebe but it was clear she suffered the effects of the broken bond. Lobo growled at the thought of their mate longing for another.
'We'll make her forget she ever had another mate, Jason assured him.
'Yes! Mate is ours!'
Though curiosity gnawed at him Jason refused to ask about Phoebe's previous mate. He didn't want her thinking about that wolf and not just because of his selfish pride but because he didn't want her to remember the pain. From now on she would never have to think about it. She had him. Lobo yipped agreement.
Shedding the too short flannels Jason struggled to change in the small space and was again struck by how cramped the cottage was and how much more Phoebe deserved. Yet this was her parents' home and she would be reluctant to leave. Somehow he had to convince her to go home with him. His pack anxiously waited for their Luna.
Normally it wouldn't be an issue. Mates were naturally attracted to one another and wouldn't dream of being separated but Phoebe had suffered one rejection already so she was hesitant and distrustful. He had to prove to her he was different from her first mate and that it was safe to trust him. But how?
***
Phoebe tried to marshal her thoughts as she made omelets over the griddle. Her mind was muddled. Though Jason had only been in her home for a short time his scent and aura was already permeating every corner of the cottage especially in the bedroom. It made it difficult for her to think straight even in the shower. The entire time Máni whined they were washing away their mate's scent. Her wolf didn't calm down until they returned to the bedroom and Jason embraced her rubbing his scent back on her. Phoebe hated to admit it, his presence and scent were soothing but it was making it hard to think.
Jason was an alpha and not just any alpha. Blue Moon was one of the oldest packs in the world. In fact it was one of the six ancient packs first originating in Europe. Wanting to expand territories three of those packs joined the Vikings to immigrate to the Americas where they established themselves hundreds of years before other Europeans set foot on the continent. With such a long history it was no wonder the pack held so much sway that even the Royal pack often differed to them. And she was supposed to be his Luna?
Phoebe wasn't sure what the Moon Goddess was thinking. She had been surprised enough being mated to Graham and the prospect of being Rimrock's Luna but the thought of stepping into that position with the Blue Moon Pack was daunting and terrifying. She couldn't do it.
'We'll be fine. Máni said. 'You'll see.'
Phoebe frowned. Her wolf made it sound so easy.
"What are you thinking about, angel?" Jason asked as he came up behind her. His arms wrapped around her waist and he nuzzled her neck breathing deep.
Phoebe's heart raced at his touch and she struggled to keep herself from moaning. Desires she assumed dormant were stirring. She wanted him to stay, to sweep her off her feet and take her back to bed, though that might have been her wolf talking too. "You smell fabulous in the morning," Jason said growling against her skin.
After one night she would already feel the possessiveness in his aura expanding around them. She could almost sense his wolf prowling around the perimeter warning away intruders. The very thought made her own wolf roll on its back belly-up wagging her tail. Before she even realized what she was doing Phoebe leaned against him offering her neck. Jason's embrace tightened as his teeth grazed her marking spot. His scent took on a sweeter smell, like roasted marshmallows, that made her mouth water. "Oh angel..." Jason struggled to gain control of himself.
He could feel her succumbing to his aura and longing. If he swept her into his arms and carried her back to bed she probably wouldn't protest but she would regret it later. Her mind and body were at war with each other, fighting for control. He wanted her willing which meant her mind and body had to be in agreement.
###Chapter 12
"Is this breakfast?" he said finally dampening his aura.
"Um...yes. It's almost done," Phoebe struggled to regain her composure. "C-could you grab the juice from the fridge: apple or orange whichever you prefer." "My pleasure," Jason kissed her temple before releasing her.
Opening the refrigerator he grabbed the carton of orange juice before moving to the table. He paused before filling their glasses smiling to see she had set the table with the place settings beside one another rather than across. It was already progress. Breakfast with his mate sounded no less appealing than dinner. Lobo was already strutting through his mind.
Phoebe plated the omelets and brought them to the table along with fresh toast and jam. Jason held her chair for her and helped her to sit before taking his own seat. His omelet was as large as the plate and hers was nearly as big which he was happy to note given how thin his mate was. He hoped his presence was helping her get back the appetite she lost after her rejection. Pleasing aromas of egg, cheese, bacon, hashbrowns, peppers and mushrooms seeped from his meal letting him know she packed their omelets with a farmer's market. His mouth watered.
Reaching over he grasped her hand and kissed it saying, "I love eating anything you make...but you know I don't expect this, right?"
Phoebe blushed, "I like to cook. It's relaxing."
Jason kissed her hand again, "As long as it makes you happy, angel. I'll never say no."
Phoebe's blush deepened and he released her hand before he pushed her too far. He didn't want to ruin the progress they made by rushing her. Turning his attention to the meal in front of him Jason cut into the omelet and took his first bite. Jason softly moaned in ecstasy of the medley of flavors invading his mouth. He knew nothing of cooking so he didn't attempt to name the herbs she used. But it was heaven.
"Is it really that good?" Phoebe asked watching his reaction trying not to laugh.
"Phoebe..." Jason hesitated then took her hand and kissed it. "It tastes almost as good as you."
She blushed crimson. He kissed her hand once more before returning to his meal. They ate in companionable silence enjoying their private meal. After weeks of visiting other packs it was a welcome moment of rest for Jason but also a reminder he had a schedule to maintain and today he was supposed to patrol.
The thought of spending even one minute away from his mate was intolerable but her safety was his top priority which meant a patrol of the pack's land was a must. Lobo prowled restlessly torn between guarding his mate and securing the territory. "...So do you have plans today?" Jason asked.
"I'm taking the pups swimming," Phoebe said.
He breathed a sigh of relief immediately picturing them poolside splashing and carefree, "I'm sure they'll enjoy the pool."
"Oh no. Not the pool," Phoebe shook her head. "The Luna banned them permanently after she came here. There's a pond in the north woods I take them to."
"A pond?" Jason repeated. Lobo growled.
"Yeah, it's actually very pretty with a natural waterfall and a rock they like to jump from."
It did sound picturesque but all he could think about was how far she would be from the safety of the packhouse. From the sound of it she wasn't planning to take any warriors with her either. "The pups are banned from the pool?" Jason asked. "Why?"
"Luna Kristie likes to relax beside the pool and they are not allowed to go anywhere she will be."
"Since when does a luna hate pups?" Jason growled.
"I don't know other lunas," Phoebe said after a moment, "but she was a chosen mate so perhaps that makes a difference?"
"So, she is a chosen mate," Jason said. "My Beta and I had our suspicions."
"You did?"
Jason nodded.
"Is a chosen mate...bad?"
"They would be fine if they took the position seriously...but a fated Luna wouldn't have to try. They just do."
"So what are fated Lunas like?"
"They are strong and dignified," Jason thought for a moment and Phoebe's heart sank. She knew she wasn't up to the position. "They are kind and gentle, maternal and protective." Phoebe's brow furrowed. Could one be strong and kind at the same time?
"A Luna is the heart of the pack. They are a pack's guiding star and moral compass. That's why they are so cherished and loved by their pack...and of course their Alpha," Jason coyly smiled. Phoebe felt her face warm and looked away.
"My mother used to say an Alpha may lead the pack, but a Luna rules the Alpha."
Phoebe fought a laugh, "Your mother sounds like an amazing Luna."
"She is. I can't wait for you to meet her."
Phoebe bit her lip. What would she do once she was face to face with such a prestigious Luna? She could only imagine how disappointed Jason's mother would be to have her as a daughter-in-law and successor. "She's looking forward to meeting you," Jason said watching her reactions closely. "I told her about you the first night I saw you. She said the whole pack is preparing a party to welcome you." "Th-they are?"
"They will absolutely love you," Jason assured her his eyes swirling with desire as his wolf pressed close.
His gaze was too intense for her to hold and she averted her eyes to focus on her breakfast. He sounded so sure but she found it hard to believe. What did she know about leading a pack or being Luna? "Phoebe," Jason reached for her hand gently caressing it. He waited until she dared meet his gaze. "You're a natural. You'll make a fantastic Luna."
"What makes you so sure? You've only known me for a day."
"A day is all I need," Jason smiled, "especially after seeing you with the pups. No wolf could be better than you. I just hope I don't fall short of your expectations."
"H-how could you fall short of anyone's expectations? You're perfect...and..." Phoebe fell silent and blushed realizing what she said.
Jason chuckled kissing her hand, "I'll do everything I can to live up to your high standards."
Phoebe's blush deepened as she thought it should be her making that promise. Even so it was a nice feeling someone thought she deserved to be earned, that she was worthy. Was it selfish of her to want him to keep saying such things? Jason suddenly frowned, "I don't like the idea of you and the pups out there unprotected."
Phoebe blinked giving him a curious gaze.
"I haven't patrolled your pack's lands yet but after seeing the warrior's train and knowing they are using silver traps...I don't think it's safe."
"The kids and I go to the pond all summer," Phoebe protested. "It's fine."
His grip tightened and he let out a growl that startled her as his aura swept over her. Jason struggled to contain the outrage bubbling up from him and his wolf.
"Phoebe," he said when he was finally able to speak, "you have gotten so used to being unsafe I can barely stand it. It's not right. And the pups...The fact the pack thinks it's all right for them to wander in the woods... Right now all I want to do is rip that so called Luna's throat out."
"...Jason." Phoebe shook her head wanting to protest but his aura surrounded her like a protective blanket. It was overwhelming. He was fighting his wolf for control but she knew they both wanted to keep her safe. What should she say to calm them down? 'Sit in his lap,' Máni suggested.
'Máni!'
'I'm serious. Our touch and scent will calm them faster than words.
Phoebe hesitated recalling how he embraced her breathing in her scent each time. Perhaps her wolf had a point. Without a word she moved to his lap. His arms wrapped around her as he growled possessively.
'Run your fingers through his hair,' Máni suggested next.
41
'It'll help. Trust me.'
Hesitantly Phoebe followed her advice running her fingers through his silky, dark brown hair. Jason groaned pressing his face close to her neck breathing deep. He pulled her against him as his growls slowly faded to satisfied sighs nuzzling her. Phoebe chuckled as his morning stubble tickled her, "Your stubble tickles."
"...Yeah, I forgot to shave," Jason muttered. Lobo finally quiet. "Sorry."
"I like it," Phoebe said.
Jason slowly sat back looking up at her his dark eyes sparkling with amusement, "You do?"
Phoebe bit her lip hesitantly stroking his cheek. It was a lot of work for wolves to maintain a clean shaved look as their hair tended to grow rather quickly so most didn't bother. Her father let his grow to a full beard and she remembered being tickled by it every time he kissed her good night. A full beard was a bit much for her but Jason's stubble felt just as nice.
"I do."
"Then I'll keep it like this just for you," Jason smiled pulling her close kissing her neck as he continued to breathe her scent. His hand caressed her thigh, squeezing.
"...Jason."
He sighed slowly easing back not wanting to make her uncomfortable. He reached up stroking her cheek. Her gray eyes shimmered silver.
"I won't tell you not to go," Jason finally said. "All I ask is that you take two of my warriors with you."
"But..."
"Two, I can spare without drawing attention or else I cancel my schedule and escort you myself with all of my warriors in tow."
"But if you do that then everyone will know...I'm your mate."
"They'll know it sooner or later," Jason said. "The only reason I'm not shouting it from the treetops is because I don't trust this pack, especially not that Luna. I'm not going to let her near you."
Phoebe's gaze widened. He was doing all of this to protect her from threats he sensed. Just thinking what Kristie would do if she found out about Phoebe's connection to an alpha more powerful than Graham made her shiver. Kristie's jealousy knew no bounds and the entire pack would suffer for her frustration.
"I won't let her hurt you, Phoebe. She tries anything I really will rip her throat out."
"Jason..."
He cut her off with a kiss. Last night his kiss had been tender and gentle. This one was possessive and hungry. Nipping her lower lip he begged for more before slipping his tongue into her mouth twisting it around hers. Their lips parted reluctantly. "Phoebe..."
"...Okay. I'll take two of your warriors," Phoebe said not wanting him to beg. It felt incredibly good knowing someone cherished her and wanted to protect her.
Jason sighed relief and Lobo relaxed. His wolf was still not happy but satisfied for now. She would at least be protected while he patrolled the pack's lands himself. From now on he would not allow her to wander alone. She would be guarded at all times. "Thank you," he whispered kissing her again. "We should finish breakfast before it gets cold."
"Right." Phoebe agreed her blush returning as she realized she was still seated on his lap.
He was reluctant to let her go but helped her back into her seat. Throughout the rest of the meal he held her hand occasionally kissing it in as much to sooth his wolf as comfort her.
As Phoebe cleared their empty plates Jason opened his link to his Beta, "Luke, how's breakfast?"
"More of the same. The cooks around here definitely lack imagination. How about yours...or should I even bother asking?"
"Omelets with bacon, hash browns, peppers, mushrooms and cheese."
"Stop already! There is such a thing as cruel and unusual. But I don't think you want to talk about food."
"I'm pulling Cam and Noah from the patrols today."
"Okay..."
"Phoebe is taking the pups swimming at some local pond. They will be her guards."
"Ah! That makes sense. But why a pond when they have a perfectly serviceable pool?"
"The Luna banned the kids from the pool."
"...I'm getting real tired of calling her Luna when she doesn't act like one."
"Agreed. And Phoebe confirmed she is a chosen mate, not the Alpha's fated."
"So it's as we suspected...I just spotted Cam and Noah now. I'll let them know to report to you after they are done eating."
Jason closed the link and returned to Phoebe who was busy washing dishes. He slipped his arms around her waist as he kissed her neck.
"Jason!"
"I can't help myself, angel. And it will keep my wolf quiet."
Phoebe chuckled leaning into him and tilting her head to offer him better access. Jason growled in appreciation. Lobo remained close to the surface reveling in their mate's nearness as well as her receptiveness to their advances. "If I had it my way we would spend all day in bed," Jason huskily whispered.
Phoebe softly moaned forgetting about the dishes as his hands gently caressed her. Máni swooned in the back of her mind sending the occasional lewd suggestion and stirring her dormant desires. It felt so good to be touched. "You smell so good, angel."
"...Jason."
"Alpha, we're here."
Jason growled at the intruding voice. His warriors had about as good of timing as his Beta.
"Jason?" Phoebe asked sensing him tense.
"Just my warriors. They got here more quickly than I thought," Jason sighed. "I'll go tell them what is happening so take your time."
"Okay." Phoebe nodded already nervous. She tended to avoid her pack's warriors so had no experience in interacting with them. On top of that she wasn't sure what these wolves would expect from someone proclaimed to be their Luna. "They'll love you," Jason whispered kissing her temple before heading to the front door.
###Chapter 13
As Jason stepped out onto the porch Cam and Noah cautiously entered the garden. Noah seemed confused by the situation though Cam had a knowing smile on his face. It was clear Jason hadn't spent the night outside which meant he at least earned a place inside, probably the bed. "Alpha," they both greeted with a respectful nod baring their necks to appease the sudden wave of his territorial aura.
"Have you been told what is expected of you?" Jason asked.
"Beta said to report to you," Noah answered with a shrug
"I'm pulling you two off the patrols today," Jason announced.
Cam expected as much but Noah was taken aback by the news. He opened his mouth to protest but Jason signed for quiet.
"Instead. You two will be guarding your Luna."
Cam nodded. Noah's next question spilled out of him, "Alpha, when you say our Luna...does that mean?"
"Yes." Jason answered with a smile he couldn't control.
Before he said anything else Phoebe stepped out of the cottage with a duffle bag on one shoulder. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net know that it's some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Though the pups usually brought their own towels she always brought extras. Sensing the tension between the three males she looked up and gave the warriors a nervous smile.
"Luna," Cam smiled and bowed. Since he had been debriefed previously none of this surprised him.
Noah was slower to respond his eyes wide as he studied the petite she-wolf. Jason growled reminding him of his propriety. Noah quickly averted his eyes and followed Cam's example.
"Phoebe," Jason pulled her into his arms standing forehead-to-forehead with her. "Please be careful."
"I think you worry too much," Phoebe smiled stroking his cheek.
"I can never worry too much when it comes to you," Jason kissed her palm before capturing her lips. "You are my everything, Phoebe."
Her cheeks turned pink at his confession. No one had ever said such things to her before. It both pained him but also made him grateful to be the first who noticed her.
"Cam, Noah, I don't have to tell you what I'm asking of you, do I?" Jason asked his gaze sliding to the waiting warriors.
"No Alpha," Cam assured him. "We'll guard Luna with our lives."
"Good." Jason tried to breathe easier as Phoebe stepped off the porch. "Phoebe..."
She paused looking up at him with a curious rise of her eyebrow. He hesitated. Despite his worry she seemed wholly carefree and happy. He didn't want her to be afraid just because he was anxious.
Her eye shimmered silver and she chuckled, "I'll be fine, Jason. Promise."
Jason smiled despite his lingering doubts. Swallowing a lump in his throat Jason managed a nod as she turned away and continued to the gate. Cam and Noah nodded to their Alpha before following. Whether their Luna realized it or not she already had Jason wrapped around her fingers. The thought of their stern, businesslike Alpha brought to heel by such a petite and unassuming Luna made both warriors fight smiles of amusement.
"Luna, let me carry that for you," Noah suddenly said as they made their way toward the packhouse.
"Carry?" Phoebe paused unsure what he referred to.
Noah nodded to the duffle bag and held out a hand. Phoebe hesitated. It wasn't that heavy and she had carried it plenty of times before. Yet the warrior seemed earnest so she handed the bag over. With a smile Noah slung it over his shoulder and they continued Nearing the packhouse Phoebe slowed saying, "Could you two hang back a moment. I don't want to scare the pups."
on.
Sharing a look the pair nodded and slowed their pace allowing her to approach the packhouse on her own. Phoebe avoided the front making her way to the backdoor that came off the kitchen. There she found the pups already waiting with bathing suits under their clothes and towels over their shoulders.
The pups let out a cheer as they quickly surrounded her eager to be off. Because of the distance they didn't get to swim often. Phoebe chuckled at their exuberance taking the two-year-old from its mother.
"I'm glad you're taking them today," the mother she-wolf said as she handed off her young pup. "Oh?"
"Luna is a ripe mood. She's annoyed the visiting alpha isn't paying her any attention," the she-wolf explained. "And Alpha has been drinking heavier than usual."
Phoebe frowned. It wasn't unusual for Luna Kristie's mood to fluctuate suddenly and without warning especially if she was frustrated. But the thought she was trying to catch Jason's eye made Phoebe uncomfortable. 'That b***h better stay away from our Mate,' Máni growled stirring deep within her mind. 'Máni!'
Her wolf offered no apology. Phoebe's thoughts turned to their alpha as she herded the pups away from the packhouse. He'd always had a drinking problem but he usually managed to keep it under control at least when there were visitors. But as of late it seemed he was getting worse.
'It's because he's at odds with his wolf, Máni explained as if it should be obvious. 'This is what happens when you reject your fated Mate.'
'Is it?'
'It would have been different if he marked and mated his chosen Luna before rejecting us, Máni took a rare moment to explain. 'His wolf didn't want to reject us so it put them at odds with each other!
Phoebe pondered her wolf's explanation. It wasn't often Máni offered information for things she deemed obvious especially when it came to mate bonds. It seemed meeting their second chance mate opened her wolf up. She had a lot of questions but for now she had to focus on the pups.
"Um...Miss Phoebe."
"Yes Kyle?" Phoebe looked at the oldest of the pups at thirteen.
"There are two wolves following us."
Phoebe gave him a questioning look before glancing over her shoulder at Cam and Noah. She had forgotten about her guards. Knowing how curious pups were she assumed it wouldn't take them long to notice the pair so she had come up with an excuse she hoped they wouldn't mind.
"Those are Cam and Noah. They are two of Alpha Jason's warriors."
The pups' eyes widened as they listened glancing shyly at their escorts.
"Alpha Jason is joining patrols today and since we're going north these two are going to patrol the northern border."
"So we're showing them the way?"
"That's right."
The pups nodded at that and Phoebe was relieved they accepted her excuse. Jason's caution made her wary of rumors starting. Now accepting of the warriors the pups happily pointed out traps along the trail and cautioned them to avoid certain areas. Like the others Noah had been briefed about the traps prior to patrols but he found it disturbing how common they were not to mention how readily the pups accepted them as if they were as natural trees.
Little over three miles into the woods they reached the secluded swimming hole. As promised it was a picturesque pond with a rocky outcropping reaching over it creating a small waterfall and a perfect launching point for cannonball contests. As soon as the pups reached the edge of the trees and spotted their goal they let out excited whoops!
Racing ahead the boys quickly shed their clothes and left them in haphazard piles with their towels and shoes before leaping into the cool, clear water. The girls followed as step behind, leaving their clothes in more organized piles and entered the water with slightly more caution.
Cam and Noah chuckled at the pups' carefree exuberance as the boys climbed the rocks before leaping off and cannonballing into the pool below. It had been a while but the warriors remembered their own carefree, younger days. The girls squealed as a splash battle ensued.
"I suppose it's always like this, eh Luna?" Noah asked.
When she didn't answer he turned away from the pond to see her with the two-year-old now in a waterproof diaper while she herself wore only a bikini. Phoebe cooed to the excited pup as she stepped toward the pond noticing the warrior's shocked expressions. "Something the matter?"
"N-no." Noah flushed as he hurriedly looked away.
Shooting them a curious glance she stepped into the water. She walked in as far as her waist before pausing and bouncing the two-year-old in the water as he giggled and splashed. Phoebe laughed lightly.
"Damn, Alpha sure is lucky," Noah sent Cam a glance.
"Why am I lucky?" Jason's voice suddenly intruded.
Noah paled realizing he hadn't limited his mental connection to just Cam. Beside him Cam palmed his forehead at his partner's carelessness. They were out in the woods with their Luna of course their Alpha would be monitoring their connection in case of trouble. "Noah, what's going on?" Jason demanded when he didn't answer.
"Ah...nothing Alpha. We just arrived at the pond and the pups are having a good time."
"Good. How's Phoebe?"
Noah, hesitated, "She's good. Luna is enjoying the water too."
Cam smacked his shoulder with a grimace. He shook his head but his warning was already too late.
"What do you mean she's enjoying the water?"
Noah hesitated realizing his mistake.
"Noah..."
"...Well, Luna is swimming...in a bikini."
Cam groaned mentally paying his respects to his partner's grave.
"She's what!"
***
"Jace what's wrong?" Luke hissed as Jason hesitated on the trail. Luke waited for their escorts to move ahead before shaking Jason's shoulder. "Are you okay?"
Jason tried to keep Lobo from taking over. Unable to speak Jason mindlinked his Beta, "Fine, accept my warriors are ogling their Luna in a bikini."
Luke chuckled shaking his head, "Take it easy, Jace."
"That's easy for you to say," Jason growled low.
"Calm down. We aren't alone out here," Luke reminded. "Let's just finish this patrol quickly."
Jason took a deep breath catching the faint smell of Phoebe from his clothes when he last embraced her. Lobo backed off soothed by the scent. He supposed it was due to his own frustration for how the day had gone.
After seeing Phoebe off Jason went to the training facility to meet up with Rimrock's warriors and plan patrol routes for him and his own warriors. Both the Beta and Alpha were late, late enough Jason was ready to either call it a day or organize the patrols himself. It was also very clear Michael had dragged Graham from bed and forced several cups of coffee in him to make him somewhat lucid.
Jason wasn't sure if he intimidated the Rimrock warriors or if they were genuinely interested in impressing their alpha but most tried to join him and their beta on patrol. For his part Graham seemed oblivious to his warriors' efforts and enthusiasm. In fact he seemed on edge looking over his should and sniffing the air constantly.
Jason and Luke refrained from speaking letting the Rimrock Alpha and Beta lead their warriors and assign patrols. They didn't speak until the end when it became obvious they were neglecting a large, swath of territory to the west. "What about here?" Jason pointed to the area on the map.
"That's rough territory," Michael explained, "it's not easy to navigate and difficult terrain to cross."
"All the more reason to patrol regularly," Jason insisted. "Rogues prefer rough territory with places to hide and avoid patrols."
Michael hesitated. Jason's arguments were not without merit. It was important for pack members to patrol the pack's borders and keep their scent marks fresh and strong. Scent markings could ward off rogue intrusion, especially if they were fresh. Pack territory was also how a pack maintained and grew their notoriety and prestige.
In the end Michael acquiesced to Jason assigning a handful of warriors to attend him and Luke as they explored the western border. Jason didn't mind the rough terrain and Phoebe had already warned them about the traps. It seemed they were better prepared to traverse the terrain than Rimrock's warriors who struggled to keep from stepping in their own traps. It was truly a mine field.
In the midst of this Jason wondered how it was Phoebe knew trap locations with such accuracy. Then Noah's thoughts slipped through. The idea Phoebe and the children were enjoying themselves at the pond didn't bother him and the image of Phoebe in a bikini was tantalizing. But not in front of his own warriors! Not while he was dealing with such frustrations.
"Take it easy, Jace," Luke repeated. "Look we'll follow the border north and gradually work our way toward her. How about that?"
Jason sighed and Lobo perked up. It was enough to relax him. As wary as he was of Rimrock's Alpha the thought of his Luna in his arms again was not an image he could fight. As inattentive as their escorts were it wouldn't do that difficult to send them home. "Alpha! Rogues!"
###Chapter 14
"Miss Phoebe, can I take Jack?" one of the older girls swam up to her.
Phoebe handed off the two-year-old with a smile. The older girl often helped wrangle the younger pups so she felt confident in letting her handle the toddler. Watching the pups Phoebe smiled letting herself relax. It had been a rather unusual week. 'Phoebe, rogues,' Máni suddenly spoke up.
'Where?'
'They just crossed our northern border'
Phoebe waded back to shore grabbing her towel and hurriedly drying before pulling on her jeans. She didn't want to appear panicked as she looked at the warriors, "Rogues."
"Luna?" Cam immediately jerked to attention.
"They just crossed our border. You should raise alarm with your warriors," Phoebe said pulling on her shirt. "Pups! Let's go!"
"But we just got here!" the pups protested.
"Rogues! Now!"
The pups immediately rushed back in without further protest. The lack of panic surprised Cam and Noah as the kids reached the shore, wiped off most of the water before pulling on their clothes leaving their shoes. "Kyle run to the packhouse and raise alarm. Go!" Phoebe ordered taking back Jack.
The oldest and fastest of the pups immediately sprinted off into the woods. Though Phoebe sent warning through the pack's link she knew from experience many would ignore it as it didn't come from a high-ranking wolf. "How far is the border?" Cam asked as Phoebe swaddled Jack in his towel.
"Roughly five miles," Phoebe said.
Cam grimaced. For a wolf five miles was nothing but for the pups even half that distance could take awhile. Even as Noah alerted their warriors the pups broke into pairs with older ones guiding the younger ones as they disappeared into the woods. "Where are they going?" Cam asked wary of leaving the trail.
"Cutting through the forest cuts almost half the distance," Phoebe explained.
"But the traps..."
"They know where they're located so they can avoid them."
Cam stared at her slowly comprehending her words. This was not the first time the pups evacuated the pond. Quite probably Phoebe practiced this drill with them several times. It explained why neither she nor the pups were panicked despite the threat heading their way.
"You two..."
"We'll stay with you, Luna," Cam said. "Alpha will skin us alive if we let rogues harm you or the pups."
Phoebe nodded as she clutched the two-year-old to her chest and took off into the woods with the dedicated warriors close behind her. As she ran she called out warning for traps in their path.
"Stay away from that tree! Avoid that log!"
Behind her Cam and Noah struggled to keep pace. Despite remaining in human form she was fast and agile, flitting through the woods like a fairy and avoiding the deadly traps with ease. "Cam! Noah! Where are you?"
"Heading south, Alpha," Cam answered. "We're taking a short cut through the woods but there are a lot of traps."
"Phoebe..."
"She's fine. Luna is leading the way. I can't believe she knows where all these traps are." "Stay with her! We're headed your way. Keep the link open!"
Jason's desperation filtered into the link. It had taken their Alpha so long to find his Luna they understood his anxiety at the mere thought of losing her. But they wouldn't let that happen. Their pack needed its Luna and they would make sure she made it home. Behind them they heard the rogue's hunting howls as they reached the pond and found their discarded belongings but there were no answering howls from the Rimrock's warriors. Where were they? Shouldn't they have felt the intrusion of the border as well? Unless...
Their Alpha and Beta were concerned Rimrock was not maintaining its borders. If the border markings were weak then rogues could infiltrate without the pack knowing unless they were as close to the breech like Phoebe. No wonder she sent a pup on ahead to raise the alarm.
The howls grew louder and they realized any aide would come too late. Sharing a look the warriors suddenly came to a halt turning back the way they came. Phoebe paused with her escort giving them a curious glance.
"Keep going, Luna," Cam said. "Take care of the pups. We'll take care of the rogues."
"But you don't know how many there are."
"It doesn't matter. It's a warrior's duty and honor to lay down their lives for their pack and Luna."
Phoebe hesitated.
"Go Luna!" Noah said shooting her a nod. "Now."
Phoebe bit her lip before turning and running with Jack still clutched to her chest. Noah gave his partner a look as they faced the approaching howls. Each of them was more than a match for two or three rogues but if they were surrounded they could still be overwhelmed. What was important was to buy their Luna as much time as possible to get to safety.
"Cam! Noah! We're still six miles out!"
Cam grimaced, "The rogues are only two, Alpha."
"Reinforcements are on their way!"
"It's all right, Alpha. Just focus on Luna. She's gone on ahead. We'll hold them here."
"Cam..."
"He's right, Alpha," Noah seconded. "It's our honor to lay our lives down to protect our Luna."
They abruptly closed their link to focus on the task at hand. Six miles was nothing for their Alpha to cover even in human form. Their Luna would be safe they just needed to buy her a few minutes. The pair pulled off their shirts tossing them aside. They stood in a small clearing giving them some space and ground clear of traps. It was as good of a spot as any. Without a word they shifted, their wolves shredding the last of their clothes as they stood side-by-side.
Ravenous and foaming at the mouth the first of the rogues broke cover before coming to a sudden stop at the sight of a pair of mottled gray wolves. The trained warriors were almost twice the size of the mangy rogues with a clear advantage in strength as well as size but the rogue's desperation wouldn't make it an easy fight even for two veterans.
"Might as well get this started," Noah growled leaping on the attack.
Phoebe darted through the woods pausing when she heard the rogue's howls change and she knew they had found the warriors. She bit her lip. If only she could have given them more information.
Máni's connection to the territory was stronger than most others and often sensed intrusions before even their elite warriors. Not only that but she could usually estimate the size of the opposing force with relative accuracy. But the pack's borders had deteriorated making it difficult for even Máni to sense the encroaching danger.
'They'll be fine,' Máni said. 'They are trained fighters.
'They aren't immortal.'
'Maybe we should have stayed to help. You're a good fighter.'
'And what were we going to do with the pup? Fight with it in our teeth?'
Phoebe grimaced, holding Jack close. She could have given him to one of the older girls but carrying the extra burden would have slowed them considerably. In all their drills it worked best for Phoebe to carry the pup.
'Do you know how many of them there are?'
'More than five. Maybe ten?'
"Ah!"
Phoebe stumbled to a stop at the pained cry. She was within a half mile of the wood's border with a clear path to the packhouse but she could hardly ignore the call for help. Turning left she plunged toward the sound.
***
"Oww! It hurts Blake!"
"Don't worry. I'll get you out!"
Blake crouched down pulling on the edge of the rotten log entrapping his sister. Emma whimpered tugging at the wood as well but her foot was hopelessly stuck. It had been so long since they came this way they had forgotten the placement of the traps and almost stumbled into one. To avoid it she had leapt to the side and ended up in another kind of trap. Blake grunted trying to pry away the log but he didn't have the strength to widen the opening.
"Blake, you're too little," Emma said wounding his pride. He was the big brother.
"Blake! Emma!" Phoebe exclaimed as she reached them.
"Miss Phoebe!"
"What are you doing here!" Phoebe handed Jack to Blake who struggled to hold the pup as he watched her seize the log. Phoebe pried apart the rotten edges breaking the hole wider and freeing Emma's foot with ease. Checking the pup for injuries she said, "You two are supposed to head directly to the packhouse, you know that."
"But if we go there Luna Kristie won't let us into the safe room," Emma said. "That's why we were going to your house."
Phoebe frowned. Like all werewolf homes her parents built theirs with a hidden safe room in case of sudden rogue attacks. The entrance was a trap door hidden in the pups' closet. As with all drills Phoebe had taught them how to open the hidden door and secure once inside. In some ways it was actually more secure than the packhouse room which was neither hidden nor secret.
"My house is three more miles away. You know you need to go to the nearest safe point."
"But Luna Kristie..."
"Luna Kristie would let you in with me," Phoebe said. "I was right behind you."
The pups fell silent. That was true. Despite the difference in status Kristie could never contradict Phoebe when she made her decisions. On the other hand Phoebe had no difficulty in defying Kristie's orders when she chose to. Perhaps that was why they didn't get along. Helping Emma to her feet they suddenly froze as a rogue came crashing through the undergrowth and stumbled to a halt. Its glaze eyes settled on them. Phoebe pushed Emma behind her as she stared at the hesitating rogue. 'Where did it come from?'
'Must have slunk off when the others faced those guards,' Máni answered. Though they didn't share a direct link to either Cam or Noah they had spent enough time with them to establish a temporary bond. Through it Máni could sense the warriors were very much alive and still fighting though they couldn't mind link them.
"Blake, take Jack and Emma and run to the packhouse, now."
"But Miss Phoebe..."
"Now Blake! Run!"
Awkwardly clutching the two-year-old Blake grabbed his sister's hand and pulled her into the woods in the direction of the packhouse. The rogue growled its gaze following the retreating bodies.
"Hey! Don't look at them! Look at me!" Phoebe demanded raising her hands to catch the rogue's attention again. The rogue's gaze snapped back to her.
'Good. Now what?'
Máni could handle the rogue but it was not without danger. And how would she explain what happened when she was supposed to be wolfless? Stay and fight or run?
'We can't let this one near the kids.
'West, Máni suggested. 'I sense our Mate there!
Phoebe shivered at the thought of the mate they only met yesterday. After one meal she felt so at ease with him, so much so she agreed to let him spend the night. All night long he held her and for once she felt perfectly safe. She couldn't recall a night she slept half so well. Even now his scent lingered on her clothes.
The rogue in front of her snarled, readying for the attack. Phoebe's eyes shimmered silver as she waited. Not until the wolf sprung forward did she bolt to her left running west. No longer burdened with the two-year-old Phoebe was much faster as she weaved through the trees. Her sharpened gaze picked out the gleam of traps with ease. She had run these woods many times and knew where they were located.
A thought occurred to her and she started cutting closer to the traps skirting them by inches hoping to catch her pursuer off-guard. Yet the rogue kept pace its feet narrowly avoiding the traps it couldn't see in its eagerness to catch its prey. Cutting around a tree Phoebe was finally rewarded with the sound she wanted: a sharp metal snap followed by a piercing yelp.
Phoebe skidded to a stop catching her breath as she turned. There the rogue lay on its side stunned for a moment before it struggled to its feet. The chain clanked noisily as it pulled at the trap firmly clamped on its leg. It whimpered as the silver burned and festered in its wounds, slowly leeching into its bloodstream. So in pain it seemingly forgot all about Phoebe as it struggled.
Phoebe winced as it bit at its leg and twisted trying to shake it free. It growled and whimpered as it struggled, its glazed eyes finally settling on her. Phoebe stepped back as it snarled baring rotting teeth.
The silver would eventually kill it but it would be a painful death and would take hours unless it managed to bite off its leg. It would probably still die. The thought of anything suffering so much pain was intolerable and she couldn't simply leave. Even if it was a rogue it deserved the dignity of a quick death.
"Easy," Phoebe said slowly approaching.
The rogue quieted watching her approach. Pain seemed to make it blind, or perhaps that was its madness. Wolves that went rogue eventually lost their mental faculties. Since they spent most of their time in the wild they remained in their wolf forms for extended periods. Gradually they forgot how to shift back. Their ability to link and communicate faded and eventually they forgot they were ever human.
How quickly this process happened depended on the rogue and whether or not they spent time in human cities or joined a group which would help them maintain their mental awareness. There was also a possibility of joining a new pack depending on the circumstances that forced them out in the first place. If enough joined together and staked out an independent territory they could even form a completely new pack, though that was rare. By the look of the one in front of her, Phoebe knew this rogue was too far gone to be saved even if they treated its wounds.
"I'll make it quick, promise."
The rogue continued to watch her, wary and uncertain. When Phoebe was within a few feet it suddenly lunged, gnashing its teeth and aiming for her throat. With a shout of surprise Phoebe stumbled back.
Snap!
Pain coursed through her as another trap's silver teeth sunk deep into her leg. Phoebe fell back with a cry. She could feel Máni surge forward trying to lessen the pain even as the rogue readied for another attack.
###Chapter 15
Jason raced through the woods with Luke a pace behind the moment Noah's warning reached him he only had one thought: Phoebe. Lobo pressed forward giving him added speed as he ran. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are incomplete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. He would have shifted, but the height of his human form was necessary to spot the traps scattered throughout the territory. Barely skirting another he cursed them with a growl. If not for the traps he
would have been at Phoebe's side already.
"Cam! Noah! We're still six miles out!"
Cam grimaced, "The rogues are only two, Alpha."
"Reinforcements are on their way!"
"It's all right, Alpha. Just focus on Luna. She's gone on ahead. We'll hold them here."
"Cam..."
"He's right, Alpha," Noah seconded. "It's our honor to lay our lives down to protect our Luna."
The link abruptly closed but Jason already had their general location. With a growl he raced on determined to reach them. Suddenly he came to a halt as a pain pierced his mind. Jason shook his head but it persisted. 'What was that?'
'Mate hurt!' Lobo howled. 'Get to Mate! Now!' "Jason?"
Not giving his Beta an explanation Jason took off in a new direction following the tenuous link connecting him to Phoebe. By focusing on it the connection strengthened and her pain seeped more and more into his mind. Nothing would stop him from reaching her. Bursting into a small clearing he took only a moment to register the scene in front of him as a rogue prepared to attach Phoebe's prone form. Without hesitation he rushed forward snapping the rogues neck in a fluid motion before it even knew he was there. Jason didn't spare it another thought as he fell to his knees beside Phoebe. "Phoebe! Angel!" J-Jason?"
Phoebe blinked his scent permeating the pain induced haze Máni struggled to keep at bay. Unlike other wolves, Máni seemed to have an innate resistance to silver Phoebe could never explain. Jason's face filled her vision and she immediately felt at ease. He really came for her.
"Jason.."
"Shh...I'm here angel. I'm here." Jason kissed her forehead.
"Jace"" Luke called his attention kneeling beside the trap biting into her leg.
They shared a look as Luke grasped the trap's jaws forcing them apart despite the burning sensation that coursed through his hands. Once the trap was open Jason carefully pulled Phoebe's leg free wincing as she whimpered. Luke released the trap letting it snap shut before kicking it away.
Jason gently laid her leg on the ground. Shedding their jackets they ripped their sleeves to use as bandages wrapping her wounds as best they could.
"Phoebe, angel," Jason returned to her pulling her into his arms and holding her to his chest. "Angel, Phoebe?"
..Jason." She snuggled into him breathing deep."
...the pups."
"Pups?"
"Alpha, the last of the pups just made it out of the woods," Chaz, the warrior they left at the packhouse in order to coordinate, announced. "They're saying something about Luna facing off against a rogue on her own?"
"We're with her now, Chaz," Luke answered. "She's alive but hurt. We're going to need a doctor to meet us at the pack hospital."
"Everyone's gathered in the safe room. I'll bring these pups there and grab the doctor. What about the rogues?"
Luke turned his attention north hearing the howls of their own warriors as reinforcements reached Cam and Noah," They've been taken care of. Reinforcements have arrived." "I'll sound the all clear."
"Jason, we need to move," Luke said
Jason clutched Phoebe close. The scent of her blood was driving him crazy as Lobo pressed forward eager to exact revenge but the rogue was already dead and rage would not help Phoebe now. The trap had bit deep infecting her with silver and there was no telling if she could survive the poison slowly creeping through her. "Jace!" Luke shouted to get his attention. "Let's get her to the hospital."
His Beta's words finally registered. Wrapping his jacket around Phoebe Jason cradle her as he stood. Carrying her bridal-style he followed as Luke took point to spot traps in their path. If Phoebe died nothing would stop him from killing everyone responsible starting with Graham.
Reaching the forest edge their pace increased rushing to the hospital where a worried nurse met them.
"Oh my Goddess! Phoebe!" she exclaimed the moment she saw them. "This way, hurry!"
The nurse led them to an exam room where Jason could finally lay Phoebe down. He smoothed away the hair that had fallen over her face as he stroked her cheek, "Phoebe, angel. Can you hear me?"
He paid no attention to the nurse circling around them until she grasped Phoebes arm preparing a needle. Jason growled low his eyes gleaming amber as his wolf saw it as a weapon. The nurse yelped feeling his aura press against her. "It's-It's an IV to help her fight the silver."
Jason forced Lobo back down nodding to her and allowing her to continue. The nurse worked quickly to start the drip before moving to Phoebe's leg. She gasped as she unwrapped the leg and cut away the jeans to see the damage. "Where the hell is the doctor?" Luke demanded.
"He might still be in the safe room," the nurse said. "Luna
Kristie didn't want him to leave until the attack was confirmed over."
"What? We called the all clear," Luke struggled not to snarl.
Snapping at the nurse certainly wouldn't help.
"It's what the Luna said," the nurse shook her head.
"Then why are you here?" Luke asked. Certainly the nurse had been in the safe room too.
"Blake and Emma were so panicked I knew it had to be Phoebe that was hurt," the nurse said as she cleaned and disinfected the wounds. "I wasn't going to let anyone stop me."
"You know Phoebe?" Jason looked at the nurse for the first time.
"She's pretty much my best friend," the nurse nodded.
"You're name?"
"Bridget."
Jason felt Lobo relax. If the nurse was Phoebe's friend then she could be trusted. He turned his focus back to Phoebe resting his forehead on hers trying to reach her through their untested link
"I don't think her leg is broken," Bridget announced. "I just have to close the lacerations. Hey you!"
"Me?" Luke blinked startled by her informal tone.
"Yes. Wash up and glove up."
"I don't know anything about medicine."
"I don't need your opinion," Bridget snapped. "I need your hands. Help me for Goddess's sake!"
Luke hesitated before hurrying to the sink. He scrubbed quickly before snapping on a pair of latex gloves and coming to the nurses side.
"Stand here, now hold her leg so the edge of the wounds line up while I close them."
Luke winced trying not to look as the nurse worked to close the deep gashes. After stitching the worst of the wounds she smeared a generous amount of a thick, yellowish balm over the injuries before bandaging the leg with practiced efficiency. Jason tried not to watch. The sight of his mate's blood only infuriated his distraught wolf. Instead he continued to rest his forehead against Phoebes breathing her scent and hoping their physical contact soothed her. "Phoebe, angel?"
"...Um, Alpha?"
Jason looked up at Bridget.
"You're Phoebe's second chance mate, aren't you?"
"You know?"
Bridget nodded, "I might be the only one who knows about her rejection. I don't think she even told her parents."
"Do you..."
"No. She never told me but I assumed they were a pack member given how she avoided the packhouse."
Jason nodded. It was probably best he didn't know. Turning back to Phoebe he kissed her hand. Physical contact and her scent were the only things keeping him sane.
"Alpha! How's Luna?" Cam and Noah suddenly burst into the exam room.
The warriors wore only borrowed shorts given to them by their reinforcements. They were also covered in wounds though thankfully none of their injuries seemed fatal. Cam did have a rather deep gash in his shoulder however. "Alpha we..." Noah suddenly froze blinking in confusion.
His brow furrowed as he stared at Bridget. It was several moments before he said, "Mate."
Bridget shivered her eyes wide in wonder at the unexpected meeting. She knew a long time ago her mate wasn't a member of their pack and hadn't had much hope in ever finding them. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net know that it's some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. She didn't move as Noah closed the distance between them gently cupping her chin in his palm and staring at her as if memorizing every inch of her face.
"Alpha?" the door opened again as Chaz entered.
Noah jumped spinning around and growling as he stood between his mate and the unmated male.
"Whoa, easy," Chaz held up his hands in surrender. "We got an issue."
###Chapter 16
"I'll say. This pack is screwed if their doctors are so incompetent they don't even show up," Luke snorted.
"That's not even the half of it." Chaz shook his head herding a pair of pups into the room and helping them sit on another exam bed. "Pups?" Luke raised an eyebrow.
"Blake. Emma." Bridget immediately went to them checking them for any injuries something she hadn't been able to do in her rush to help Phoebe. "The Luna here wouldn't let them into the safe room, something about them using up all the oxygen or some s**t," Chas growled.
"Luna Kristie is always like that," the little girl said. "She hates us."
"Why?" Luke asked curious and impressed by the pup's forwardness in a small room surrounded by warriors.
"Because we don't have a mommy or a daddy," Emma answered.
"Emma..." Blake warned her to hush.
"What?" Emma shrugged. "Miss Phoebe is the only one who cares about us. She takes care of us but the Alpha made us live in a closet."
"Emm..." Blake admonished nervously glancing at the warriors.
Luke shared looks with Chaz, confused but it made sense to Jason who recalled the bedroom in the cottage that was made for a pair of pups. He had no trouble believing
Phoebe would take the pups in but the bigger question was why she seemingly had been prevented from adopting the pups outright. It wasn't uncommon for pack members to adopt orphaned pups if they didn't have any close family relations.
"Is Miss Phoebe going to be okay?" Emma asked. "Is she going to die?"
"What? No Emma, no," Bridget assured her. "She's going to be fine."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. There is nothing to worry about."
"But she got hurt because of us," Emma said. "She was protecting us from the rogues. Are we going to be punished?"
"No. Of course not," Bridget hugged the worried pup.
"Alpha Jason!" a crazed shout echoed through the hospital causing the pups to yelp and set the warriors on edge.
Graham stormed into the already cramped room trailed by his Beta, the doctor and a whining Luna. Jason stifled a growl as he glared at them. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Luke and the others immediately tensed not liking the hostile atmosphere near their injured Luna. Noah took a defensive stance protecting Bridget as Chaz did the same for the pups.
"This is my territory! You can't walk around like you own it!"
Graham said. "Get out!"
Jason growled raising his aura to match Grahams. No one commanded him especially not this pathetic excuse for an alpha. In a calm voice he said, "My warriors raised the alarm. They were also the first to reach the invading rogues. They were injured defending your territory! So a little thanks should be in order."
Graham shuddered as Jason's aura overpowered his own.
"And where was the doctor when we warned you there were injured wolves?"
"..t... It wasn't safe," the doctor stuttered as the competing auras cascaded around him.
"My warriors called the all clear," Jason's eyes flashed amber. "What good is a doctor who doesn't do his job!"
"It's all right," Kristie stepped forward. "Let's all calm down."
She reached for Jason as if she could settle his mood with a touch.
"Don't touch me!" Jason snapped.
Kristie stumbled back as Jason's aura enveloped them all and forced them to submit. The pups whimpered "Jason!" Luke called warning but it was too late.
***
'Phoebe, you have to wake up, Máni pleaded quietly. 'Mate needs you... Phoebe, wake up...just a little..." Phoebe stirred at her wolf's prodding. Máni was weakened by the silver but still aware of their surroundings. Everything was heavy and indistinct and she reached for the one thing that seemed real," ..Jason..."
Jason's amber eyes immediately darkened and he retracted his aura as he spun around and grasped her hand," Phoebe? Angel?"
"What's wolfless Phoebe doing here?" Kristie asked earning a chorus of growls from the Blue Moon warriors. "Watch your tone," Jason barely spared her a glance kissing Phoebe's hand.
"What are you doing?" Graham demanded. "Let go of her."
"You will not tell me what to do with my mate!" Jason snapped bristling again though he maintained control. "Your...mate" Graham repeated. "That's impossible. She's mine."
The tense atmosphere stilled as if they were in the eye of a storm. The words slowly clicked and Jason quietly said,"
So you are the one who rejected her."
It all made sense. The reason Phoebe avoided the packhouse..the reason she had lost her appetite... why she was so good with pups..why she assumed Jason, another alpha, would reject her...why Graham denied her adoption of the pups... "What?" Kristie looked from one alpha to the other. "What's going on? Are you saying you're both mated to little, wolfless Phoebe?"
"I warned you once, mind your tone," Jason growled. "It seems your Alpha rejected his fated mate. But the Goddess always grants rejected wolves a second chance mate. And here I am."
Jason stepped closer to his rival dropping his voice low as he glared at him, "You were dumb enough to let her go.
Now she's mine. And it'll be my name she screams when I fill her up."
"NO!" Graham moved to attack but his Beta gripped his arm. "Let me go!"
"Graham! Would you look at the room!" Michael demanded.
"This is neither the time nor the place. He's her mate now."
...Jason?" Phoebe stirred with a moan.
Jason immediately returned to her side kissing her hand,"
I'm here angel. I'm here."
She sighed, relaxing and turning her head towards him. A smile twitched his grim expression. He had been worried about earning her trust but it seemed he succeeded
Graham shook as he watched Jason kiss Phoebe's forehead and nuzzle her. Her pained expression softened comforted by his presence. Rage and jealousy shuddered through him as his wolf whimpered. "Get off my land!" Graham growled. "Out of my territory!"
"Oh, I will," Jason's eyes swirled amber as he glared at the other alpha. "And I'm taking everything that belongs to me...
Luke."
"Moving truck," Luke nodded taking out his phone dialing with a single press of a button and making Jason wonder if he didn't already anticipate this to some degree.
"Moving truck? For what?" Graham demanded.
"Phoebe belongs to me. I'm not leaving a single trace of her behind."
"...You can't."
"I would advise you to be careful what you say I can and cannot do with my mate," Jason warned. "Now get out. My mate needs to rest."
Graham winced refusing the alpha command for as long as he could but there was no denying the compulsion forever. He, his Beta and the doctor retreated quickly. Jason snorted at their departure.
"Noah, Cam, get yourselves treated as quickly as possible and get your asses to my mate's home to help pack," Jason ordered. "Chaz, make sure the pups pack too." "Alpha?"
"They are precious to my mate, so they are precious to me.
Understood?"
"Yes Alpha."
The warriors quickly retreated taking the pups and Bridget with them. Jason breathed easier as the small room was vacated giving him much needed space. "Oh baby, you are so tense."
His skin prickled and his eyes flashed at the shrill voice.
Turning he saw Kristie had remained. Smiling coyly she reached for him.
"I can help with that. I can make you feel so good."
Jason moved like lightning clutching her throat. Her doe-eyes widened in surprise and she almost seemed turned on until he squeezed enough to cut off her air.
Gasping she tried to pry his fingers away but in a contest of strength she was sorely outmatched. Fear finally shone from her gaze as she stared at him.
"No one, and I mean no one, touches me except my mate," Jason growled letting his aura surround her. "I've wanted to rip your throat out and feed it to the rogues since I set foot in this territory. If you value your life you will stay as far from me and my mate as possible. Got it?"
With a snarl Jason tossed her toward the door. Even before she landed in a whimper he had already turned back to Phoebe. Tenderly he smoothed her hair and kissed her forehead. Kristie whined as she stood clutched her side where she cracked two ribs during her landing. She glanced at him hoping for sympathy but Jason was no longer aware of her as he quietly caressed Phoebe's pale face.
Growling Kristie moved to approach him again when another aura suddenly slammed against her. Turning she saw Luke watching her, guarding his Alpha and Luna from interference. She wanted to protest but found herself unable to break his aura. But how? She was Luna and he only a Beta. Her aura should be dominant but it wasn't. His presence easily overpowered hers and held her in check. Flushed with embarrassment she finally fled allowing them to relax.
Luke breathed a sigh of relief before looking to Jason who continued to stand over Phoebe. Jason pressed his forehead to hers willing her to feel his presence and know she was safe. She had to wake up. She couldn't leave him like this. Lobo paced through his mind whimpering. They couldn't lose their mate after only just finding her.
Luke wanted to comfort his friend but remained silent.
There was nothing he could say that would make it better or ease his worry. Deep down he knew Phoebe was strong.
She would pull through.
He didn't know how long they waited like that before a knock interrupted them. Jason and Luke were immediately on edge but relaxed when Noah asked for permission to enter. The warrior stepped in nodding to both before letting Bridget into the room. She had changed out of her scrubs and now wore a blouse and skirt. A duffle was slung over one shoulder as she nervously eyed the Alpha and Beta.
Noah's wounds had been treated and he wore a t-shirt and cargo shorts.
Jason continued to hold Phoebes hand as he surveyed them, "Congratulations to you both. I'm always happy when one of my warriors finds their mate. Bridget, Noah is a good man."
She blushed and even Noah's cheeks flushed a bit.
"You are welcome to come back to Blue Moon with us," Jason said, "or if you prefer to stay I'm sure Noah can make himself useful here."
There were always hoops to jump through when it came to switching packs but finding one's mate made considerably less red tape. If the pair came from separate packs they were free to choose which pack to join. Usually the she-wolf joined her mates pack but that wasn't always the case especially if she had extended family she didn't want to leave in which case her mate would join her pack and take her last name. "We already discussed it, Bridget glanced at her new mate.
"Phoebe is my best friend. I'd rather follow her to your pack.
If...that is all right."
"Of course," Jason nodded.
Noah was an excellent fighter and Jason would have been sorry to lose him. What was more trained medical staff was vitally important to every pack so he was more than happy to accept Bridget mate or no, but most importantly he appreciated her loyalty to his Luna. "So...um...the mover's are busy packing and I thought if we're leaving I should help Phoebe change," Bridget gestured to the duffle. "So...maybe you can give us some privacy?"
###Chapter 17
The trio of males blushed at the same time realizing what Bridget was asking. Jason's gaze immediately shifted to his Beta and warrior with a growl. Just the thought of another male seeing his mate bare raised his hackles.
Normally Noah would have immediately backed down but his mate was here and he wouldn't tolerate anyone threatening her.
"All right boys!" Bridget said as the male's auras grinded against each other. "This is a hospital not a bar! Out so I can get her dressed. All of you!"
Sheepishly Jason followed Noah and Luke out the door which closed firmly behind them. He looked at his equally embarrassed warrior while Luke could only chuckle and shake his head.
"Did we?" Jason asked.
Noah nodded.
"Your mate...she's..."
Noah nodded with a smirk.
Jason couldn't help but echo Luke's laughter. There was a reason warriors had a difficult time finding their mates.
Warriors had a physical presence that intimidated others. In fact, it was something of a running joke that they made for a good night but you didn't want to make a life with them. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. It took a special kind of person to match a warrior. Perhaps that was why so many seemed to find their mates among medical professionals: people who were not only caring but also authoritative
It was several minutes before the door opened again.
Bridget bowed to Jason before joining Noah who happily wrapped his arms around her. Jason had no interest in watching his warrior much preferring to be with his own mate.
Returning to the bedside he found Phoebe was now wearing a hoodie and sweatpants so she would be comfortable and warm for the journey to come. The IV had also been removed. Jason leaned over her kissing her forehead. How many hours had passed since he last heard her voice? Since he last looked into her beautiful silver-gray eyes?
Please Phoebe, open your eyes even just a little.
Lobo whimpered.
Jason felt his wolf trying to link with hers. Despite what her pack thought he knew she had a wolf. Her rejection might have suppressed it but it was there and Lobo had been gently coaxing it out ever since they met. In fact his wolf had claimed some success but what about now?
Depending on the severity of the silver poisoning her wolf could be unconscious for hours or days, even months in the worst case scenario. They could only hope Phoebes wolf was as resilient as she was. "Jason."
He stirred glancing at Luke. "We're ready."
Nodding Jason stepped up to the bed carefully cradling
Phoebe in his arms. She was so light and small, vulnerable.
Luke preceded him to the door holding it open as he walked through. In the hallway they found Chaz waiting. He took the lead escorting them to the waiting SUV where another warrior waited. They were taking no chances with their Luna's safety and Jason appreciated their attention to detail.
Jason slid into the back seat still cradling Phoebe to his chest as Luke closed the door. The others climbed in with Chaz driving to the little cottage that had been his mate's home.
There he found his warriors patrolling its perimeter as the mover's loaded its entire contents into a large truck. Jason stepped out of the SUV carefully setting Phoebe back in the seat. He reclined it so she could rest comfortably before turning back to the cottage. Chaz and the other warrior remained on guard as their Alpha stepped up to the small, cozy home.
Jason stifled a growl as he watched the proceedings. He couldn't help his protective instincts. This was his mate's home and it was being invaded. Jason took a deep breath to calm himself. This was all necessary. He wouldn't leave any part of his mate behind. As he looked on the movers were loading the last of her furniture and appliances. Even the porch swing had been taken down and loaded up. The cottage looked forlorn as if it knew it would remain empty.
"Bridget packed Luna's clothes and keepsakes. They put those in one of our vehicles," Luke said. "Those can be taken directly to the packhouse. The rest will have to be stored until Luna can decide what she wants to do with it all." "And the other thing?" Jason asked.
"Riley took pictures of everything. Every room and every inch of the garden," Luke said.
"Good." Jason nodded. He had played with the idea of making himself a private home for years...just a place to escape to every now and again though he never carried through with such plans. But now he had incentive. He was certain Phoebe would miss her childhood home. Imagine her surprise if he manage to recreate it.
His gaze took in the scene once more before settling on the pups waiting nervously at the garden fence. With a concerned frown Jason quietly approached them. They sensed him almost immediately looking up at him with wide startled expressions. Jason crouched bringing himself to their level hoping he didn't seem as threatening though he couldn't really do anything about his aura.
"What are your names?" Jason asked
Blake," the boy said after a minute. "And this is Emma."
"Blake, Emma, has anyone explained what is going on to you?"
"They said you're taking Miss Phoebe away because she belongs to you," Emma said.
Jason grimaced. It wasn't technically wrong but it also didn't paint the right picture. With a sigh he said,
"Phoebe
and I are mates. Do you know what that means?" The pair shared looks before Blake said, "It means you are supposed to be together...like our mom and dad."
"That's right. I need to return to my pack so Phoebe is coming with me. She'll become a member of my pack...and I'd like you two to come with us."
"You want us to come too?" Emma asked.
"I do. My pack is a lot bigger than this one and there are a lot more pups to play with. Everyone will welcome you."
"And if we go with you...we can stay with Miss Phoebe?"
Emma asked.
"That's right," Jason smiled. "What would you say to Phoebe and me adopting you?"
"Adopting us?" Blake repeated in awe.
"What does that mean?" Emma asked.
"It means you two would be our pups and we'll be your mommy and daddy," Jason explained
"You and Miss Phoebe will be our mommy and daddy?" Emma asked
"That's right. And you will have an aunt and uncle too and a grandma once you meet my sister, her mate and my mother."
"And they'll like us?" Emma asked. She was tired of the pity stares they received from the pack.
"They'll love you."
Emma shivered with anticipation of having a family, not just a daddy and mommy but a whole family. It was like a dream. She glanced at her brother but his response was less favorable. He was suspicious of anything that sounded too good to be true. Though he had misgivings about the male in front of him he also didn't want to be left behind. As long as Miss Phoebe was there he knew they would be taken care of even if others changed their minds.
..Okay," Blake finally agreed.
"Good," Jason smiled. "You two go with Bridget and Noah.
They'll take care of you until we get home."
"We can't go with Miss Phoebe?" Emma asked.
"Phoebe's still sleeping," Jason explained. "But as soon as she wakes up shell want to see both of you."
The pups nodded and looked to the waiting Bridget. She, at least, was a familiar face and they knew she was good friends with Phoebe. With some confidence they followed Bridget to one of the waiting vehicles where Noah helped all three buckle-up for the drive. Jason stood watching the movers secure the truck and receive directions from Luke. Everything was finally ready.
Leaving the arrangements to Luke Jason returned to Phoebe. She still seemed to be resting comfortably but he worried she would catch a chill. Without a word Chaz handed him a blanket from the vehicles emergency kit.
With a nod of gratitude Jason buckled Phoebe in before tucking the blanket around her careful to avoid disturbing her injured leg.
He leaned forward kissing her temple. Soon they would be home and she would safe. She would never suffer like this again. Quietly closing the door Jason paused as his skin prickled with the knowledge of being watched. Turning he scanned the tree line before he keen eyes finally settled on a lone figure: Graham. He could feel the other alpha's indignation and envy.
Lobo growled wanting nothing more than to tear apart the one who caused their mate so much pain.
'Let him look,' Jason said. 'Let him see exactly what he lost ...and we gained."
"Yes! Mate is ours!"
Smirking at his would-be rival Jason circled the SUV and climbed in beside Phoebe. He would love nothing more than to hold her the entire trip but it was safer this way.
Jason settled with holding her hand..for now. Chaz and Luke joined him sitting in the front seats. The moving truck slowly pulled away and they followed
The trio of SUVs lined up randomly as they trailed the larger truck and would shift positions as they continued their journey north making it more difficult to know who was in which vehicle. They paused as Rimrock's border to allow Bridget and the pups to renounce their pack bonds.
The pups cried at the severing of the bond but Bridget was there to comfort them and they soon settled especially after stopping at a McDonald's drive thru.
Jason worried about Phoebe and her pack bond but Lobo informed him it was already done. Perhaps her rejection had started the process allowing it to break on its own or perhaps her wolf was aware enough to sever it itself. In either case he was happy her last bonds with her former pack were gone. He would do everything he could to ensure she didn't regret it. A new pack waited for her, eager for their Luna.
Once on the road he dialed his mother. She answered on the second ring, "Jason? How is everything? When should we expect you?"
Jason chuckled, "Everything is fine. Were on our way home now. We probably won't be there until tomorrow, late. I have a moving truck filled with everything from her house. It'll have to be stored until she can sort it."
"I'll have them clear out storehouse E. That should give her plenty of room sort it out. But sweetie, you sound stressed."
"....There was a rogue attack. Phoebe was hurt."
"Is she all right?"
"It's a long story but yeah. She'll be okay. She's asleep now or else I'd let you talk to her."
"Let her rest. We have plenty of time to talk once she gets here."
"Maybe less than you think."
"What's that supposed to mean? Now Jason the pack needs to bond with their Luna so don't think you can hog her all to yourself."
"I know. It's not that."
"Then what?"
"We got three new pack members besides Phoebe. Noah found his mate so she's with us and...well, Phoebe adopted two pups from her pack, orphans, so they are also with us."
"Well of course they are. You certainly couldn't leave them behind. What are their names? How old?"
"Blake and Emma. I think Blake can't be too much more than six or seven. Emma is a year or so younger."
"I'll have the housekeepers prep their rooms. This is so exciting! And Noah found his mate too? Then this trip was well worth it."
"Yeah, I'd say so. It'll be late when we get back so official introductions will have to wait."
"Of course. Take care of your Luna. We'll see you soon."
Jason set down the phone. He raised Phoebe's hand to his lips kissing it as he gazed on her serene face, "Everyone can't wait to meet you, Phoebe. And they are going to love you."
###Chapter 18
Jason dosed on and off during the long drive, waking only when they paused to stretch their legs and change drivers.
They were stopped briefly at the Canadian border but were quickly waved through when the agents realized they were wolves. Human boundaries meant little to werewolves. They were globally recognized as their own nation so most human officials were happy enough to grant them something similar to diplomatic immunity.
Reaching their pack borders his mind was filled with welcomes and congratulations. Given how many seemed to be up despite the late hour he knew the pack had been waiting in keen anticipation for Phoebe's arrival. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Blue Moon's Luna would be cherished and protected. He would have to assign a proper security detail for Phoebe. Jason was sure everyone would be eager to volunteer so he had to decide on qualifications to narrow down the potential list.
They had arrived ahead of the moving truck and Luke was already mindlinking the patrols to watch out for it and where to direct it when it arrived. It was times like these Jason as grateful for his Beta's efficiency. All he cared about was getting Phoebe to bed so she could rest peacefully.
As the vehicles pulled up alongside the packhouse Jason immediately got out and went to his Luna's side.
Unbuckling her seat belt he scooped her up and cradled her against his chest. She still hadn't woken up and he was worried
"Jason? There you are. Where's.." his excited mother hurried to her son. "Oh my...is this?"
Former Luna Norah looked at the pale beauty in her son's arms and her eyes shone with tears. For years she waited for him to find his mate ever hopeful the Goddess would bless him with the perfect match. While his father complained he should explore his options and take advantage of his urges Norah encouraged the opposite warning him of the dangers of being too promiscuous. The last thing she wanted for either of her children was to meet their mate as she had hers. Lucille's mate had been Jason's Gamma, Ben. Even growing up he had been particularly protective of Lucille.
He never showed interest in other females contentedly playing older brother to his friend's kid sister. Though Norah had her suspicions she said nothing letting the bond naturally strengthen until first Ben then Lucille reached the age they could naturally feel their mate.
Both of them seemed oblivious to the bond which wasn't uncommon for fated mates who grew up together. The strength of the friendship sometimes overshadowed the natural attraction of the mating bond. In fact it wasn't until the celebration of Luke finding his mate that Ben and Lucille finally realized the truth. Lucille had gotten drunk and Ben carried her up to bed despite being tipsy himself.
After a passionate night they woke up together nursing hangovers and the embarrassing realization they were mates.
It had been awkward in the beginning but worth it in the end. Jason was genuinely happy for both his best friends and his sister but it left him the odd one out. For years he and his mother waited hoping the same happiness for him and finally it had arrived. Norah gazed at her daughter-in-law with tears in her eyes and looked at her son.
"Mom, this is Phoebe," he said quietly. "You'll have to wait until morning for official introductions though."
"Oh, that's all right. Don't wake her. Let her sleep," Norah smiled. "She's beautiful."
"And witty and gentle and charming," Jason chuckled. "
Where's Lucy?"
"Asleep. I told her you'd be arriving tonight but she said she'd see you in the morning."
Jason shook his head. Phoebe stirred with a shiver snuggling closer to him.
"Get her upstairs before she catches cold. I'll take care of the rest," Norah urged. She turned her attention to the warriors unpacking the cars and noted the other new arrivals. "You must be Noah's mate."
"Ah, yes," Bridget blushed. "How do you do, Luna?"
"What's your name, dear?"
"Bridget. I was a nurse in my former pack."
"And so you shall be here if you like. I'm sure Noah will be more than happy to give you a tour of our medical facilities tomorrow. Is all this yours?" Norah gestured to the luggage and boxes being taken out of the vehicles and piled at the front steps. "Oh, no... Those are mine and those are Phoebe's," Bridget gestured to the piles. "And those are the pups'. I made sure some of their stuff was packed separately so they could use it as soon as we arrived."
"Thank you for being so thoughtful. Goddess knows these males don't know how to plan ahead. And where are my grandpups? Oh!" Norah spotted the sleeping pair being taken out of the SUV. "They are adorable. The pups' rooms are all ready, upstairs on the alpha floor. Take their things and Luna's things upstairs. Just place them in the sitting room. We can unpack it all in the morning. Someone help Noah so he and his mate can get settled in quickly."
Jason left his mother to make arrangements. Pack members eagerly followed her directives and snuck glances at the dark-haired beauty in his arms. They all wanted a look at their Luna but also didn't want to wake her. Jason could already feel the tension of the pack decreasing like a deep sigh. Once they built their bond with her he knew the strains of the past would be over.
The Blue Moon packhouse was a sprawling compound five stories tall worthy to be called a mansion. Communal rooms, rec areas, kitchen and cantina made up the first floor. The second floor had meeting rooms, offices and living quarters for the packhouse staff. The third floor was all residential and guest rooms. The fourth floor was large suites with guest rooms reserved for important guests. The fifth floor was the Alpha's floor.
Most alphas kept the top floor of their packhouse for their exclusive use but Jason preferred his Beta and Gamma close so each had their own private wings on the Alpha floor as well. They were like family and it was a comfort to the pack to see their leadership maintain close ties, especially in the absence of a Luna.
Jason carried Phoebe upstairs acknowledging the congratulations filtering into his head. He assured them all they would meet their Luna in the morning. Reaching the alpha suite he quickly slipped into his room, their room.
From now on this would be their private space. He shivered with anticipation carrying Phoebe passed the sitting area and continued to the waiting king-sized bed.
Gently he laid her down tucking her in. She sighed but otherwise didn't stir. Kissing her temple Jason headed to the bathroom before grabbing a pair of briefs to sleep in.
He gazed at the long, walk-in closet. Currently only his half was in use while the other half had always been empty.
Soon it would be filled with Phoebe's things.
Already smiling with anticipation he returned to the bedroom to see Phoebe had shifted closer to the middle of the bed her face partially buried in his pillow. Though his scent had probably gone stale in his absence she was still drawn to it. Chuckling he slipped into bed pulling her securely into his embrace as he had their first night together. He would never be able to sleep alone again.
Jason nuzzled her and breathed in her scent already permeating the bed and spreading throughout the room.
This was pure bliss.
***
Phoebe stirred. She felt safe, warm and secure. Sighing, she slowly opened her eyes quietly taking in the rich and warm interior. The walls were a deep, comforting hunter green complimenting the ebony tones of the walnut trim.
She felt immediately at home and relaxed no doubt due, in part, to her mate's scent permeating every nook and cranny of the room.
She felt his presence before while at Rimrock but he had been suppressing his aura out of respect since he was on another alpha's territory. Here he could freely wield it. Here he was king. Surprisingly she didn't feel the least bit stifled or oppressed. It surrounded her like a warm, comforting blanket.
"Morning angel," a voice husky from sleep greeted her."
Sleep well?"
She flushed, 'You could have wamed me he was awake!'
I figured you'd find out soon enough, Máni snickered
Phoebe rolled onto her back so she could gaze upon her mate. His dark eyes were filled with adoration. She could feel her face warm under his gaze and she shivered as his embrace drew her closer so he could nuzzle her.
"You smell heavenly, angel," Jason mumbled nipping her ear lobe as her scent grew stronger taking on a spicy note that made his mouth water. He growled against her throat.
"Oh...angel..."
...J-Jason..." Phoebe shivered feeling his stubble against her skin as ever increasingly lewd thoughts filtered through her mind.
Jason growled again forcing himself to pull away. His gaze swirled amber as his wolf pressed forward. Her eyes shimmered silver in response.
"Angel, you are dangerously tempting this morning."
Phoebe blushed. He rested his forehead against hers nuzzling her. Phoebe had never been so comfortable just being with someone. After her rejection she gave up on ever enjoying such an intimate moment. "So...safe to assume we're not at Rimrock anymore,"
Phoebe said after a time.
Jason sighed, "No. After the attack I might have said some things that made Alpha Graham order me off his territory. I wasn't leaving you behind."
"What about the pups? The rogues?"
"The pups are fine. My warriors took care of the rogues," Jason said anticipating her next question. "Cam and Noah are fine. In fact Noah even managed to find his mate. A nurse, your friend I believe." "Bridget?" Phoebe asked and smiled. "They're mates?"
"Yes. She came with us too."
Phoebe's expression became pensive. She was happy for Bridget but she had hoped the nurse would take care of Blake and Emma in her stead. Phoebe couldn't help but be concerned for their well-being. "My mother has the pups now, in case you're wondering," Jason said again sensing her concern.
"Pardon?"
"Blake and Emma. They're with my mother. Shes probably stuffing them full of sugar right now." "They're here? How? Why?"
"Because they are precious to you and anything precious to you is precious to me, angel!"
"... thought males don't like to care for pups that aren't their own."
"Angel, if you want to adopt fifty pups I'd have no ions. My only request is that we would have a few of our own too."
Phoebe blushed earning a fond chuckle from him as he kissed her nose. He smiled at her, loving her reactions and catching the spicy note of her scent again. After a moment his smile faded. "Angel, why didn't you tell me Alpha Graham was your first mate?"
Phoebes expression became pensive again. She had avoided the topic for so long she honestly didn't know how to approach it any more. Finally she said, "I never told anyone...not even my parents." "Bridget?"
"I only told her that I was rejected but not by who. I just... didn't want to think about him."
"And that's why you avoided the packhouse?"
Phoebe nodded looking away. Jason curled a finger under his chin and turned her to face him again. His gaze was warm and possessive.
"It's not going to be like that here, angel. Never hide your pain from me. I have to know where you hurt before I can kiss it away."
He captured her mouth. His tongue slipped into her mouth twisting around hers. He felt her hesitant fingers run through his hair sending electric charges through him.
Groaning Jason finally released her mouth and forced a heavy breath staring into her shimmering eyes.
"You are very dangerous in the morning, angel."
She shyly smiled earning her another quick kiss before his eyes suddenly glazed over. Phoebe watched and waited knowing someone was mindlinking him. She enjoyed this relaxed morning and hated for it to be interrupted but he was alpha so it was to be expected. Jason growled shaking his head before looking down at her again with a smile, "My sister. She wanted to know when I'm going to stop hogging you and let the pack meet their Luna. Do you think you're ready?"
Phoebe forced a nervous breath. She couldn't put if off forever if she intended to stay with Jason. Looking at her crumpled clothing she said, "I think I should shower first... and change...if I want to make a good first impression."
"You could never not make a good impression, angel,"
Jason nuzzled her but stood and helped her up.
She winced as she put weight on her injured leg. His arms immediately wrapped around her holding her protectively.
"Are you okay, angel?"
"Yeah, just a little sore."
"Do you want me to carry you?"
"No. I should walk."
Jason kissed her temple before escorting her to the bathroom. He grabbed towels from the linen closet and set them on the sink counter. Phoebe's expression become pensive again as she pulled up her pants leg to look at the bandage. "What should I do about this?"
He looked at the wrap before rummaging in the cupboard under the double sink. Pulling out a trash bag he asked, "What do you think?"
"Oh, that's perfect. Thank you."
"These are the controls. This is to change the water feature.
Here is the temp and this is for the sound system in case you want music. All right?"
She nodded.
"Need any help?"
"No." Phoebe blushed before shooing him out.
Phoebe shook her head before carefully pulling down her pants to really look at her leg for the first time. It was securely wrapped which was certainly Bridget's work.
'Máni, are you all right?'
'Silver is never a pleasant experience, her wolf sighed.
Phoebe wasn't sure when she realized she had a natural resistance to silver. Their bodies reacted to it like a poison.
It interfered with their healing abilities and suppressed their wolves. Máni was different.
Her wolf maintained awareness no matter how pure the silver. In addition they recovered much more quickly and with less scarring. It was too painful to say she had true immunity but it certainly gave her an advantage. The same was true of wolfsbane. While the herb was harmful and could be fatal to wolves in large doses it barely seemed to affect Máni at all.
Phoebe pulled the trash bag over it and tied it at her knee before she finished stripping off her clothes and headed to the shower. She had listened to Jason's instructions but still struggled with the interface before finally succeeding in starting the water. It was a little hot but it felt good on her aching muscles. There were only male bath products on the shelf but it was fine. As she lathered and rinsed she tried to shove away her anxiety.
It was going to be fine.
###Chapter 19
Jason chuckled as the door closed behind him. He turned resting his forehead against the cool door his wolf-hearing listening to every little sound she made until the water started running. His thoughts swirled thinking about his petite little mate in the shower... n**e...water running down her gentle curves. It took every bit of his self-control not to pull the door off its hinges. This is going to be hard.
That's not the only thing hard.' Lobo chuckled.
"Not helping pal, Jason sighed looking down at his pants! And you neither.'
To distract himself he went out to the common area retrieving Phoebe's things from the living room. It took several trips but he moved three boxes and two suitcases into the bedroom piling them alongside the trunk at the foot of the bed. He would have begun unpacking but didn't want to invade her privacy.
"Um...Jason?"
He turned to see her standing at the bathroom door wrapped in a towel. The towels she used at her home were oversized and covered her easily. His towels were considerably smaller which meant he had a full view of her delicately pale legs. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Jason swallowed hard before approaching and gently embracing her. He leaned down burying his nose in her damp hair which now had the unmistakable tang of Old Spice.
The masculine scent combined with hers was strangely erotic and he fought his ever-growing desires. He nibbled her ear letting his scent rub off on her. Until they were marked and mated he would have to do this every time she washed to make sure his scent remained on her. Not that anyone in the pack would dare come between him and his Luna but it also kept Lobo at ease.
"Angel, you smell and look divine," he mumbled.
Phoebe blushed but loved the way he gently caressed her and nipped at her ear and neck. He made her feel desirable, wanted and loved. Jason raised his head kissing her waiting lips loving all her little reactions and shivers of pleasure. His wolf was silent which could only mean Lobo was linking his mate, or at least trying to. They would build their bonds with their mates brick by brick if they needed to.
Jason let out a growl as he broke their kiss. His eyes glazed over as he mindlinked with someone. Shaking his head he looked again at Phoebe stroking her cheek.
"My sister again."
Phoebe chuckled.
"You can laugh all you want, angel, but if my sister doesn't back off I'm going to make her pay...painfully." He kissed her nose.
"I wouldn't want to start a family feud," Phoebe said. "Do you have anything for me to wear?"
"Of course," Jason led her to the bed lifting the suitcases and setting them on the trunk. "Bridget made sure to pack your clothes for you."
"These are mine?" Phoebe blinked eying the boxes as well.
"That's right," Jason hugged her from behind. "I'll have the omegas unpack for you later and we can begin filling your half of the closet. I'm sure my mother and sister will want to take you shopping."
"Shopping? Oh.but I don't have any money," Phoebe bit her lip. Working as the pack pup teacher earned her a small stipend. It had been enough for her and the pups to get by with but it certainly wouldn't cover a new wardrobe. "Don't worry about it, angel. You can take my card this time,
"Jason nuzzled her. "Ben will issue you your own later. I'm going to hop in the shower so take your time getting ready."
Reluctantly he retreated to the shower leaving her to choose her outfit and dress. Phoebe breathed a sigh pleased by his consideration. She wasn't ready to be in front of her mate naked just yet. What should she wear?
The towel is fine, Máni chimed suddenly. 'Our Mate liked it." Máni, be serious!'
"I am! Oh fine. Choose something warm. We are further north now so it's chillier here."
"Right."
Phoebe settled on a pair of leggings that stretched over her bandages without being too tight and a dusty pink sweater that was both soft and warm. Her gaze drifted around the room. She was immediately drawn to the mantel and pictures arranged on it. She limped over to it studying the images. There was a picture of four young pups ranging from twelve to seven and were clearly a young Jason, his Beta along with two others she assumed was his Gamma and sister.
Another image displayed a distinctive gentleman and woman Phoebe knew to be his parents given the features they passed down to their son but there was something strange. Despite the couples close proximity they seemed disconnected, their facial expressions strained. She was certain Jason said his parents were fated mates so why did they look as if they didn't want to be in the same room?
Jason is taking a long time, isn't he?' Phoebe asked wanting his comfort.
'Considering the state of his little friend I can see why, Máni chuckled.
'Friend? What friend?"
'Oh sweetie..did you not notice the tent in his pants?'
Why would he...Oh."
'Face it... We're just too sexy in a towel.'
Phoebe was mortified but Máni just laughed
'Don't act like all those thoughts from earlier were just mine.'
'Máni!' Phoebe admonished. Her wolf truly had no shame! Can't you be serious?'
I am always serious!
Phoebe rolled her eyes, 'Have you been linking his wolf at all?'
'Oh...sometimes.
'Sometimes?' Phoebe was actually surprised given how concerned her wolf was with secrecy.
"Well, a lady should play hard to get.
Phoebe shook her head. Her wolf was truly incorrigible.
***
Jason groaned leaning against the wall as he stroked his member. Phoebe danced in his thoughts...the smell of her smooth, pale skin...her glorious dark mane...the way she fit so neatly against him...her legs, wrapped around him...he shuddered as he ejaculated letting the shower wash it down the drain.
Jason sighed. He could do this. It was all about making Phoebe comfortable. He would ensure she felt safe.
Gradually he would earn her trust. Washing quickly he stepped out of the shower and wrapped his lower half in a towel before entering the closet through a sliding door. He didn't waste time picking his outfit grabbing a black t-shirt and jeans. Jason glanced at the empty half of the closet meant for Phoebe. He couldn't wait to see her new wardrobe.
Stepping back into the bedroom he found her studying the photographs on the mantel. Quietly he slipped his arm around her waist and kissed her neck. Phoebe shivered with pleasure leaning against him. Her receptiveness had Lobo practically bursting as his chest rumbled with a growl.
"What are you looking at, angel?"
"Just your family photos. You were such a cute kid."
"I'm still cute. Don't you think?"
"Maybe."
Jason growled nipping her ear. Phoebe chuckled loving the way he held her.
"We'll add to this soon enough. I can't wait to have pictures of you and the pups up here...and your parents."
"My parents? But all of my family photos are back at Rimrock."
Jason chuckled kissing her, "You think I would leave anything of you behind?"
He escorted her back to the bed and gestured to the boxes,
"We packed all of your keepsakes for you. Everything else was loaded on a moving truck. It's all stored in one of the pack's storehouses for you to sort through later."
"Everything?"
"The entire contents of your cottage, all your father's books, the piano...everything."
"Why would you..." Phoebe stared at him in wonder. "The expense alone."
"It was precious to you," Jason shrugged. "If I could have uprooted the whole cottage and garden...I would have.
Phoebe..."
She suddenly pulled his face down pressing their lips together. Jason stared in surprise but quickly wrapped her in his embrace kissing her deeply. He certainly didn't mind her being aggressive in the least. Letting out a possessive growl he eventually released her so they could catch their breath.
"I take it I did good?" Jason smiled.
A fresh blush colored her cheeks but she nodded. He bowed his head to nuzzle her nose. They might have lingered longer but her stomach suddenly grumbled.
Phoebe blushed but Jason chuckled kissing her forehead.
"My Luna is hungry. I can't have you missing a meal."
Jason escorted her out of the room, through the common areas and down the stairs. On the first landing she hesitated wincing as the effort of descending the stairs pulled at her stitches. Jason was at her side immediately to scoop her into his arms. Carrying her bridal-style they reached the bottom floor quickly.
Jason carefully set her on her feet outside the double doors leading to the pack cantina and dining hall. Even with the doors closed she could hear the sounds of playful banter and conversation. Suddenly she was very nervous. Walking around her own pack was different, after all she knew them. Blue Moon was considerably larger and she knew almost none of them. On top of that they were expecting her to fulfill the role of Luna. How would she do this? She couldn't even remember the last time she had a public meal. Jason's arms wound around her and he nuzzled her, "It's all right, angel. They are going to love you."
Phoebe took a deep breath and calmed herself. She nodded when she was ready. Jason took her hand kissing it gently before leading her through the doors.
***
The constant din of the cafeteria immediately fell silent as Jason's aura reminded them their Alpha was home. Even more than his presence, the addition of a petite, pretty she-wolf had all of their attention. Word had been spreading since his return late last night. Those who had seen Jason cradling his Luna like a bride described her pale, smooth skin and dark, brown hair. She was as pretty and petite as described.
She had been asleep so they weren't prepared for her otherworldly gray eyes. Some were old enough to recall Norah's introduction to the pack and were anxious about meeting their new Luna who they knew very little about. Yet as Phoebe quietly observed them they felt a calm, abiding aura despite her obvious nervousness. They were intrigued and drawn to her. "Miss Phoebe!" a squeal erupted as Emma ran toward her.
Phoebe greeted the pup with a dazzling smile and scooped up the adorable little girl. Pressing her forehead to Emma's they rubbed noses as a mother would do with her pup.
"Did you sleep all right in your new bed?" Jason asked when the pup's gaze fell on him.
"Ah-huh. Grandma Norah said I have the princess room."
"That's right. A princess room for a princess," Jason smiled gently tugging on one of her pigtails.
In fact his mother had given Blake and Emma his and Lucille's childhood bedrooms which were connected through a shared bath. Emma giggled shyly at him. It would take time for him to build a strong bond with the pups but he would. This was the beginning of the family he and Phoebe would build together. Jason glanced at Phoebe to see her eyes shimmering. It seemed the surest way to hers and her wolf's heart was through the pups.
"Why don't you two head to the table. I'll grab us breakfast," Jason smiled planting a kiss on Phoebe's temple.
Phoebe blushed but carried Emma to the table occupied by the pups, Luke and several she-wolves she had yet to meet.
The pack continued to watch her scrutinizing every movement she made as she set Emma down and sat next to her.
"Everyone, you'll have your chance to meet your Luna so relax," Luke commanded over the pack link reminding them of their manners. "Good morning, Luna."
"Good morning," Phoebe blushed. That was not a title she would get used to quickly.
"Let me introduce you... This is former Luna Norah, my mate Mona, Gamma Ben and his mate, as well as your sister-in-law, Lucille."
Phoebe smiled at them.
"Oh my Goddess! You are so pretty!" Lucille squealed. "Now I feel bad about joking my brother would end up with a hound."
"Lucille! Language at the table!" Norah said making the pups giggle. "Hello, my dear."
"Hello Luna..."
"Ah," Norah shook her head. "That's your title now. Norah will be just fine."
"Why do you call Miss Phoebe Luna?" Emma asked
"Because she is my son's mate and he is Alpha," Norah explained
"Oh...then are we supposed to call her Luna too?"
"No. I think she and my son would prefer mommy and daddy once you are comfortable."
"Really?" Emma bounced in her seat. "We can really call them mommy and daddy?"
"That's right, princess," Jason said returning with two heaping plates one of which he set in front of Phoebe. With a free hand he roughed Blake's hair playfully before sitting beside Phoebe as she looked over the stack of Belgian waffles he brought. She gave him a questioning look as one would have been more than enough.
"No arguments, angel," Jason gently linked her. "You're too thin and need to eat more than you do."
Phoebe blushed as Máni agreed. After her rejection she had lost her appetite often skipping meals. Máni practically forced her to eat. She improved over the years but Máni continued to complain she wasn't eating properly.
"You don't have to eat all of it.at least half," Jason encouraged
It wouldn't do her any good to eat too much too soon but he was determined to gradually increase her meals. To her credit she didn't argue digging in to appease him. The others at the table shared amused looks. Luke had already given them a rundown about Phoebe's life with her old pack including her rejection so watching her eat brought them all comfort and hope.
The meal fell into pleasant conversation as Mona, Norah and Lucille described different aspects of the pack. Not surprisingly Phoebe was particularly interested in the pup daycare. Also unsurprisingly Lucille declared they would go shopping. "Not today," Jason frowned
"Oh, come on brother!"
"I haven't even gone on patrol yet," Jason glared at her.
"We're headed into town not the woods!" Lucille scoffed.
Jason growled. This wasn't unexpected but he hoped to show Phoebe around the packhouse and give her time to acclimate before taking her out. It would also give him time to check on the pack's security.
"Just send Ben and a couple of warriors with us," Lucille sighed unperturbed by his growl. As a family member she had a certain amount of resistance to his alpha authority and aura unless he truly unleashed it. "Children," Norah said, "no fighting at the table."
Blake and Emma snickered. Since waking in their new beds they had been nervous about their surroundings. Norah was waiting for them when they emerged and immediately put them at ease helping them settle in by unpacking and showing them around. She wasn't quite like Phoebe but nearly as good. They were particularly nervous about their new Alpha but he was genuinely friendly and seeing how easily Norah put him in his place certainly made him less scary.
###Chapter 20
"Can't you do anything right?"
Their pleasant meal was interrupted by a clatter as a tall, blonde she wolf tossed her plate on the floor in disgust.
Standing she loomed over the omega server and slapped her across the face, claws extended to gouge several large cuts across her cheek.
"I said ham, cheese, no mushrooms and light pepper you incompetent mutt!"
"What's the matter, your highness? Can't have waffles like a normal person?" Lucille taunted as she was the closest.
The blonde was the daughter of their closest ally, Alpha Thomas of the Blood Moon pack. Since they were pups she had visited their pack often. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Sometimes it seemed she spent more time with Blue Moon than her own pack much to Lucille's irritation. In fact none of them could stand her but as Blood Moon was a close ally they couldn't simply turn her away.
She had turned up again a week or so after Jason left on his security tour much to her disappointment. They had hoped she would turn around and go home but instead insisted on her usual suite as she wasn't allowed on the Alpha floor.
"If I were you, I'd be quiet," the blonde sneered. Once I'm Luna, there will be changes around here."
Jason rose to his feet growling, "Care to repeat that? You are a guest here Katrina. You will respect this pack's ranking members!"
"Oh Jason! You're back!" the blonde's attitude turned immediately as she coyly smiled.
"You dare harm a pack member in front of me!" he snarled his eyes swirling amber as his wolf pressed forward.
"Oh...she's just a worthless omega. She needs to learn her place."
Katrina waved off the whimpering she wolf doing a double take as Phoebe suddenly appeared with a damp washcloth and gently cleaned the wounds. The omega stared at her with wide eyes but felt immediately calmed by Phoebes silver-gray eyes...as if she was looking into the Moon Goddess's gaze.
Phoebe tenderly cleaned the wounds noting the particularly red edges and a slight burnt skin smell which meant only one thing.
'Silver.' Máni confirmed.
"Jason, you can't be lenient with these lower ranks," Katrina loudly declared. "They need to learn to mind their betters."
Phoebe's eyes shimmered silver as she gave the washcloth to the omega and turned on the other she wolf.
"What do you want?" Katrina sneered.
Without a word Phoebe slapped her hard across the face sending her stumbling back in surprise. The cafeteria fell silent staring at their untested Luna in action.
"Discipline?" Phoebe declared. "Your idea of discipline is coating your nails in silver and using them on pack members! Wounds like that can maim a wolf for life. That's your idea of just punishment for forgetting pepper that's readily available on the table!" As Phoebe spoke her aura seeped out, slowly filling the room rivaling Jason's. Compulsively Katrina bared her neck before she even realized what she was doing. Phoebe turned away in disgust and hurried back to the omega gentle taking back the cloth and continuing to clean the wounds.
"Who the hell do you think..." Katrina suddenly came back to herself raising her head ready to attack the she-wolf who dared humble her.
Jason clutched her hand glaring at the blood-stained nails with a growl, "You attacked my pack with silver?"
"No. Yes-No. I didn't..." Katrina stared at him wide-eyed.
"Leave!" he ordered sending his alpha authority into his words. "Go home and stay there. You are not welcome here!" "J-Jason..."
"Get her out of my sight and off my land!" Jason shoved her aside.
Luke and Ben were immediately on their feet and roughly escorted her to the door linking pack members for a car and her things. On their way out, they passed Noah and Bridget on a tour of the packhouse.
"Oh Bridget!" Phoebe eagerly called her over. "Do you have any balm with you?"
"Why? What happened?" Bridget immediately fell silent at the sight of the omega. She shared a grim knowing look with Phoebe. "I have some here. Take her to the pack hospital and I'll grab it."
No other words past between them as Phoebe gently escorted the omega out of the cafeteria following her directions to the pack hospital. Jason followed curious about what she planned. Lucille, Norah and the others also trailed behind. Reaching the hospital Phoebe looked at the nurses, "We need to examine room please, a quiet one."
They hesitated at her request but complied under Jason's scrutiny. Phoebe sat the omega down and continued to clean her wounds knowing the cool water helped ease the burning sensation of silver.
"Alpha," the doctor arrived. She was a pretty she wolf with an air of authority even Jason couldn't dare overrule when it came to medical procedure and knowledge.
"Doctor Evans," Jason acknowledged not taking his gaze off his mate.
"What happened?" Doctor Helen Evans looked in on the exam room and saw the strange she wolf nursing an injured omega. "Who's that?"
"My mate."
Helen blinked surprise looking at her Alpha with wide eyes.
Like everyone else she heard the rumors but she hadn't expected to see her new Luna calmly cleaning wounds while she chatted with the injured omega. "What's your name?" Phoebe asked trying to take the young she wolf's attention away from the injury. "Shannon."
"That's a beautiful name."
"Her name is Phoebe," Jason told the doctor watching his mate. "Apparently Katrina used silver to scratch the omega's face. The cut looks pretty deep."
"Oh dear," Helen shook her head looking again at the unfortunate omega.
Werewolves had amazing regenerative capabilities but silver wounds were the exception. For them silver acted like a caustic agent causing chemical burns and slowed their natural regenerative abilities. Wounds caused by silver never healed properly and were guaranteed to scar. While a silver wound could be seen as a badge of honor for a warrior for a young, unmated she wolf being maimed for life was a daunting prospect.
"I got it!" Bridget announced scooting past their audience."
Oh, pardon me, doctor."
Helen nodded having already been introduced to the new, prospective nurse. She had conducted an informal interview and was impressed by Bridget's herbal knowledge and medical skill. She didn't interfere with Bridget as she took Phoebes place and began to treat the omega. This would certainly be a good practical test.
First Bridget used novocaine to deaden the pain and stitched the worst of the wounds closed. The bleeding had all but stopped making it easy to work. Before bandaging she opened a small canister and generously smeared the yellowish balm over the wounds. "There, I'll need to see you in a couple days to check on the healing and reapply the balm," Bridget said. "All right?"
The omega nodded fighting tears, "H-how bad is it going to scar?"
"It's too soon to tell but I think we'll be able to avoid scarring completely."
"R-really?"
Bridget smiled encouragement, "Try to keep the bandage dry."
"Okay. Thank you! Luna, thank you."
"Of course," Phoebe smiled
They saw the hopeful omega off and Phoebe suddenly found herself wrapped in Jasons protective embrace. He nuzzled her whispering, "You were amazing."
She blushed noticing he wasn't alone. Norah, Lucille, Mona, the pups as well as Luke and Ben had joined them along with Noah who had followed his mate.
"Not bad," Helen nodded to Bridget after she tossed her gloves and washed up. "But it would be wise not to get the patients hopes too high." "Sorry?"
"Silver wounds scar pretty badly no matter how well they are treated," Helen said.
"I know. That's why I used this," Bridget said giving her the container of balm. "What's this?"
"It's a healing salve. It helps silver wounds heal and prevents scarring."
"What!"
Bridget jumped as everyone exclaimed in one voice. She stared from one to another before sharing a look with Phoebe who seemed equally startled.
"How? Where did this come from?" Helen asked.
"We made it, Bridget said nodding to Phoebe.
"We?" Jason stared at Phoebe.
"Bridget did all the work. We just used my kitchen to mix and experiment," Phoebe explained with a shrug.
"I'm going to need more information than that" Helen said.
"Well..." Bridget hesitated. Should they tell?
"The Luna of our former pack also liked to paint silver on her nails," Phoebe explained. "Anyone who upset her was at risk of suffering at her hands so these kinds of wounds were pretty common. Bridget had the idea of creating a healing balm but the pack doctor thought it was a waste of time and refused to let her use the lab so we used my kitchen. My herb garden was also pretty extensive so it made a good place to experiment." "And it works?"
"Of course. It speeds healing and prevents scarring."
Bridget nodded. "We had plenty of opportunities to test it, unfortunately."
"Do you have proof?" Helen said.
"Well.. used it on Phoebes leg a couple days ago," Bridget said. "She had been caught in a silver-laced trap."
Everyone looked at Phoebe who leaned against Jason suddenly nervous.
"Luna? You were injured?" Helen asked.
Jason sucked in a breath, "She was. There was a rogue attack while I was at her former pack. The Rimrock pack used silver traps and Phoebe's leg was caught in one."
"I stitched them and used the balm before applying bandages," Bridget said.
"I see. Luna, I think I should examine your injuries."
"We should change the bandages too," Bridget added.
Phoebe nodded. Taking the omega's place she carefully rolled up the pants leg and sat back as Bridget carefully undid the wrapping and exposed the rather gruesome wounds. Jason squeezed her hand growling at the sight.
He bowed his head to hers not wanting to affect the doctor and nurse trying to help her.
"And these were inflicted by silver traps?" Helen asked.
"Is it bad?" Lucille asked biting her lip at the rather angry looking wounds that were still raw and healing.
"Actually I've never seen silver wounds heal so quickly. We can already remove these stitches, here and here. I don't see any signs of infection or disease. There is very little redness. Despite how deep these are...they shouldn't scar at all." Helen picked up the canister of balm opening it and sniffing. "And you can make more?"
"As long as I have the ingredients," Bridget nodded. "A few are hard to find in large quantities but most are common enough."
"And your pack never applied for a patent?" Helen asked.
"We didn't even think about it," Bridget looked at Phoebe."
We were just looking to help our fellow pack members."
"And you made it yourselves..no help from anyone?" Norah asked.
Phoebe and Bridget nodded.
Helen and Norah looked at Jason with knowing gazes.
Much like with the human patent process, werewolves had their own. Whether a pack applied for one was at the discretion of the alpha and required rather extensive paperwork including a complete history of how the product was created and any testing that was done to prove its use and effectiveness. When it came to certain technological advances they could choose not to file and keep the technology secret. However if it was stolen or copied the pack could not seek legal compensation.
However, with medical advances that could benefit the whole of werewolf kind applying for a patent allowed a pack to make the discovery public as well as control production and distribution which would also net the pack a tidy profit depending on how the pack chose to market and sell it.
Every pack had their specialty. Blue Moon's specialty was in security: data and physical. They had several computer security programs as well as offered trained security personnel for traveling dignitaries. Anyone would apply to the pack for a security detail but would also have to sign a waiver that if they engaged in activities against the packs standards protection was null and void.
Wolf packs operated outside human law adhering to their own moral standards, standards which could vary significantly from pack to pack. Treaties with human authorities granted packs the same legal rights as independent nations as well as ensuring friendly trade and fair conduct. Given Blue Moon's ancient origins they were not only respected among wolf communities but treated as an authority by human officials as well which meant their services were highly sought after.
While Jason was proud of his pack's extensive network they weren't equipped to mass-produce a new healing balm. However, other packs certainly were and if a patent was approved they could make a deal with another pack to produce it. Profits for their pack would be less but it would mean the balm would be readily available for others to use.
"Bridget," Jason said after a moment of thought, "I'm going to need a detailed history of exactly how the balm was made, ingredients and any results you have as proof. I'll also need a signed statement proving you and Phoebe are the sole creators and your pack did not offer any assistance or facilities to aid in its creation. All right?"
"Yes, of course, Alpha," Bridget nodded.
"So you want to apply for a patent?" Norah asked.
"This is far too important to keep secret and I know Alpha Reed will be interested in a partnership."
Norah nodded pleased with her son's decision. Their packs would share profits with the Harvest Moon handling the manufacturing and distribution. Such an arrangement would ensure the balm was readily available to all werewolves. It would be a win-win for everyone concerned.
"Well, that's all fine and good but it can wait," Lucille announced. "I thought we were going shopping."
Jason growled.
"Now, Jason," Norah gently admonished. "Phoebe is going to need a gown for her Luna Ceremony. The next full moon is not far off and as it happens it will be a Blue Moon at that."
Jason was ready to argue but the thought of Phoebe in a gown under the light of a full moon made him pause. That was right. She needed a proper Luna Ceremony where she would be officially acknowledged as Blue Moon's co-leader.
It was important not only for her but the pack. Afterwards they would shift to lead the pack on a moonlit run. He would finally see her wolf if they could coax it out by then.
"Jason?"
"All right," he sighed. "But you'll have a full escort."
"Full!" Lucille cried out indignantly.
Jason glared at her in warning.
"Oh, fine. More hands to carry our bags, I guess."
"That's not the purpose of an escort," Jason growled even as Bridget applied balm and rewrapped Phoebe's leg after the doctor finished her examination.
By the time they were done and Phoebe was on her feet it had been decided. Norah and Lucille would take Phoebe, Bridget and the pups shopping in Juneau with a full escort of security personnel led by Ben. Jason would settled for nothing less.
###Chapter 21
"Ooo, how about this!" Lucille said pulling out a short black dress.
"..Um.I don't think so," Phoebe shook her head. She had never worn anything so revealing and was rather self-conscious about her body.
"Oh for goodness sake, Lucy," Norah sighed, "stop picking out things for yourself. We're shopping for Phoebe."
"Well, it would help if you told us about your style."
"I really don't have one," Phoebe said. "Cheap?"
"That will not do," Norah shook her head. "Now is a good time to spoil yourself. Don't even think about the price."
They had already finished shopping for Blake and Emma who were all too happy to grab whatever they liked. Norah insisted on not only buying them clothes but toys and games as well. Now it was Bridget and Phoebe's turn and it was slow going. Both were hampered by their previous experiences of watching expenses.
"You'll look pretty in this one, mommy!" Emma declared tugging at a pretty yellow sundress. Since receiving permission she was all too happy to call Phoebe mommy and was warming up quickly to their new adoptive family members.
"Oh yes, she definitely will," Norah agreed taking out the size she believed would fit Phoebe best.
It was a pretty dress that wouldn't be too revealing as it reached as far as her knees. Norah handed it to the sale's clerk to take to the fitting rooms as they continued to peruse. Once they had a decent pile they headed to the fitting rooms for Phoebe and Bridget to model before making the final selection. Bridget found this particularly embarrassing with Noah among the security team while Phoebe was simply self-conscious.
This process continued from one store to the next but they were making progress. Phoebe cringed at the totals rung up but neither Norah nor Lucille batted an eye as they swiped their black cards through and continued on. Around noon they took a break and ate at the food court where the pups marveled at the sheer variety available. Phoebe remained pensive.
"Phoebe dear, don't worry about it," Norah insisted.
"But the money.."
"It's all right. As Luna you receive quite an annual stipend," Norah said. "All authority members of the pack do, even Lucille who technically only holds Gamma rank. You can hardly expect to receive less." Phoebe frowned.
"So how exactly does it work?" Bridget asked. "At our old pack we had our own accounts and our pay was added automatically at the end of every month."
"The same," Norah nodded. "You'll be added to the pack's accounts and given a card. The card you'll be issued will be determined by status which also determines its limit.
Non-professional pack members receive a blue card, professional pack members like doctors and the like have gold cards and pack authority members have black cards.
Black cards have no limits. Bridget, you'll be issued a gold card with a limit approaching that of a black card considering the patent. You'll receive full credit as its creator and a share of the profits." "Really?"
"Of course," Norah said. "Blue Moon is very fair in that sort of thing."
"And you are sure this trip won't strain finances?" Phoebe asked.
"Believe me darling, Blue Moon could fund a hundred of these shopping sprees and not worry about it. It's fine," Norah patted her hand. "It's a matter of pride for a pack to care for their Luna. Don't insult them by refusing." "Right," Phoebe sighed, still hesitant.
"Now eat. Jason will throw a fit if we don't make sure you eat. You are too thin."
Phoebe blushed but focused on her cannoli. She certainly didn't want any of them in trouble and she was hungry.
More importantly she didn't want to be wasteful especially in front of the children.
Atter lunch they proceeded to more stores, these ones catering to evening gowns and formal wear. Luna
Ceremonies were the pride of very pack in some cases even more important than the Alpha Succession Ceremony.
Norah was certain this one would be even more highly anticipated given how long the pack had waited for their Luna. She wanted it to be perfect for Jason, Phoebe and the pack.
Traditionally lunas wore white or silver and as it was the closest thing to a human marriage ceremony some lunas wore a wedding dress. But this was a new era for Blue Moon. Norah wanted it to be extra special. "Ooo, Grandma Norah how about this one!" Emma said loving their shopping spree for Phoebes dress.
Emma's pick was a shimmering, silver gown with a cowl-style neckline that would lie beautifully across Phoebe's neck and chest. Norah smiled at the pup, "This is the one. Let's get her to try it on." "Yeah!"
Emma dragged Phoebe to the fitting rooms where Norah waited. She shoved the escorts away insisting no one could see Phoebe in her gown before the ceremony.
Ushering Phoebe into the room Norah, Lucille, Bridget and the pups waited virtually holding their breaths as Phoebe finally stepped out blushing self-consciously. "Wow!" Lucille said. "You look...fine girl!"
Phoebe's blush deepened.
"Yes. This is the one," Norah decided. "This is the dress."
"Jace is going to lose it," Lucille giggled picturing the stunned look that was sure to grace her brothers face.
Norah took charge of the dress, paying for it and carrying it herself insisting no one else touch it. Luckily it was the last of their purchases and the group was ready to head home.
They were almost to the door when Lucille suddenly grabbed Phoebe and Bridget pulling them into one last store.
"Lucy!" Norah admonished.
"We'll catch up!"
"Come on, pups," Norah shook her head herding the pups onward and forcing their escort to split.
"Gamma, are we not following?" Noah asked as Ben took a stand by the door.
"One thing I've learned about mates... never bother them when they shop for underwear."
"What?" Noah blinked before looking up at the sign about the door: Victoria's Secret. A deep blush colored his cheeks and he looked to see the other warriors snickering. "Hey, turn around. Backs to the store!" "Here, we are! Ooo this one's good. How about it, Phoebe?" Lucille asked holding up a red negligee.
Phoebe's cheeks turned the same color as the lingerie
"Or not?"
"I c-can't wear that!" Phoebe shook her head. She turned to see Bridget holding up a black teddy with a thoughtful expression. "Bridget?"
"I just thought it might be fun."
"That's the attitude," Lucille insisted. "Sometimes you need to spice it up."
Phoebe's blush persisted.
"Look, you don't need to tell me what you and my brother do behind closed doors. I sooo don't need to know that. But at what stage are you with him? You have kissed, right?"
Phoebe nodded.
"Nibbling? A little heavy petting, maybe?"
Phoebe hid her face.
"Fair enough. Well, my advice, trust your instincts."
"My instincts?"
"Yeah. We have incredible s*x drives but it's tempered by our wolves' desire for their mates: or should be. As much as they complain if we decide to indulge I don't know of anyone more obsessed with s*xual pleasure than my wolf so pay attention to yours." Phoebe didn't answer but it was food for thought. Máni had been getting more active since they found their second chance mate and making all sorts of suggestions she wouldn't dare repeat.
"Now let's find something that will give my brother a heart attack."
***
Jason stared at the paperwork in front of him not really seeing it. He had patrolled the area of the breach, checked the territorial markings and conferred with the patrols.
Satisfied with the counter measures Ben implemented he returned to his office to review any pending requests but his mind kept drifting back to Phoebe.
"Earth to Jason? Hey! Jace!"
Jason snapped to attention glancing at Luke who had been at his side catching up, "Sorry."
"Nah, it's fine," Luke sat in one of the chairs across from him. "It's to be expected. I took two weeks off after I met Mona, remember?"
Jason nodded. It was bad enough he already missed several weeks due to the security tour, not that he was complaining about the results, but he couldn't afford to fall behind in his paperwork anymore no matter how much he wanted to curl up in bed with Phoebe and stay there. Lobo whined agreement.
"Well that was fun," Ben announced as he entered without knocking. He joined them slumping in the other chair. "Lucy was in fine form."
"She does like to shop," Luke chuckled.
Mona had declined the offer to join them preferring to stay busy with her own work. Prior to joining Blue Moon she had gone to school for psychology and was currently leading a study on rogues, why they went feral and what motivated them to attack. Given the rise in attacks it was important work to be sure.
"I think they got everything though. Your mother found Phoebe's Luna dress and wouldn't let anyone else near it.
Lucy decided at the last minute to peruse Victoria's Secret.
Don't know what they bought but they all came out with a couple bags each."
"Really?" Jason raised an eyebrow.
Luke chuckled at Jason's piqued interest. He had to admit any time Mona brought home such bags he was eager for her reveal what she bought after dinner.
"There you are!" Lucille entered without knocking. She sat in Ben's lap and smiled at her brother who warily eyed her.
"This is my office, not a lounge."
"Yes sir, Mister Big Tuff Alpha," Lucille rolled her eyes. "I just thought you'd like to know your Luna is back safe and sound and as innocent as ever despite my attempts to
corrupt her."
Jason growled
"Oh would you relax!" Lucille laughed. "I'm happy for you Jace! Phoebe is wonderful! She's kind, smart, charming and has a wicked sense of humor. You should have seen her with the pups today. It was so sweet. It took them all of two seconds to call her mommy." Jason's eyes which had been swirling amber darkened as he smiled at the image of Phoebe with the pups.
"Well it's to be expected. She's been taking care of those pups for a couple years now. Blake's old enough to have some memories of their parents but I doubt Emma has any,
"Luke said.
"So why didn't Phoebe adopt them before now?" Lucille asked. "During the whole shopping trip she was concerned about money. If she adopted the pups her old pack would have offered assistance in raising them."
"She tried. Rimrock's alpha denied her application," Luke said.
"Why would he do that?" Lucille scoffed.
Luke glanced as Jason before answering, "Well, actually Rimrock's alpha was her first mate."
"The one who rejected her?" Lucille asked earning another growl from Jason.
"Easy man," Luke said. "You know it's true and theres no sense in keeping it from her."
"Damn. Mated twice, alphas both. That's got to be a record.
Jason glared at her.
"Okay sorry. I'm done," Lucille threw up her hands. "But why would he deny the adoption application because of that?"
"Best guess... either he wanted to make sure Phoebe was miserable and alone or he was jealous of the pups getting all her attention and love," Luke shrugged.
"So he's a narcissist," Lucille rolled her eyes. "Poor Phoebe.
So what's going to happen with Rimrock now?"
"Who knows? It's not really our problem," Luke said. "Now that Phoebe found her second chance mate and left hopefully Rimrock's alpha will focus on his pack."
Jason remained silent but pensive. That was the best case scenario but he didn't expect it to be easy given how many years Rimrock's alpha neglected his duties. Regardless of what happened though Phoebe was safe at Blue Moon and he would ensure her health and happiness from now on.
Yes, Mate stay with us!'
"Oh, mom wanted me to tell you" Lucille said, "we'll be having a welcome party tonight for Phoebe, Bridget and the pups so they can meet the pack and officially join it."
"That's a little soon," Luke frowned. "Do we really have to rush?"
"Well the next full moon is only a couple weeks away and it happens to be a blue moon at that. It couldn't be a more perfect setting for her Luna Ceremony so mom wants everything done before that. This is going to be an important night for the entire pack." Jason nodded. They had waited so long for their Luna his mother wanted to make sure it was special. Luna
Ceremonies always happened on nights of a full moon so that the pairing could be blessed by the Moon Goddess but the fact the next one was a blue moon was particularly fortuitous given the pack's name and they all would consider it a special blessing from the Goddess.
"You know what officially joining the pack means," Luke warned.
Jason frowned. Since none of the new pack members had a blood relative among the Blue Moon members it would mean a blood oath which meant their blood had to mix with his own. It wasn't going to pleasant for them, especially the pups. No doubt his mother was already preparing them as best as she could.
###Chapter 22
Phoebe sighed as she looked at the closet. Her side was still quite thin compared to Jason's but it was more than she ever imagined. By the time they returned the omegas had already unpacked her luggage. They also helped carrying in and put away her purchases from today's shopping trip. There was only one bag she wouldn't let them touch and that was the Victoria Secret bag still in her hand.
Biting her lip she tucked it beside the dresser where it was out of the way and hopefully out of sight. Stepping out of the closet she suddenly found herself enveloped in an embrace. The scent of dogwood and campfire surrounded her as he leaned down to nibble
her ear.
...Jason."
"Did you have a good time, angel?"
"Yes. I love your mother and sister." "Good."
He suddenly swept her off her feet and carried her to bed Sitting with his back against the headboard he held her in his lap as he nuzzled her kissing the nape of her neck and inhaling her earthy scent. "Jason."
"Sorry angel, but Lobo needs this." Jason continued to tease and kiss her. "Lobo?"
Jason suddenly pulled away at the mention of his wolf's name. Phoebe looked at him curiously. Finally he said, "My wolf."
Her eyes widened and shimmered silver, "Oh, your wolf's name is Lobo... Mine is Máni."
Jason sighed as Lobo chanted his mate's name. He smiled playing with her hair, "Máni. Beautiful. Just like you."
Phoebe shivered when he said her wolf's name and in her mind Máni rolled belly up in sheer pleasure of hearing her name pronounced in his deep baritone voice. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. In many ways sharing the name of one's wolf was the ultimate form of intimacy. Almost like a dragon or a fairy sharing its true name. Though sharing their wolf's name didn't have quite the same power as that it was still a deep sign of trust.
He kissed her deepening it when she offered no resistance.
Hungrily he trailed kisses down her neck finding her marking spot and sucking hard on the sensitive area.
Phoebe moaned as shocks of pleasure went through her and her core tightened unexpectedly.
When his teeth grazed the sensitive area she let out a startled gasp as pleasure pierced her causing her core to contract. Her vision turned white as her body convulsed and pure bliss flooded her.
Jason suddenly pulled away leaving her panting, "sh*t. I'm sorry, Phoebe. I'm so sorry angel. I didn't mean to scare you.
Phoebe slowly caught her breath looking at him curiously.
Why was he apologizing?
'Oh, he's so cute, Máni chuckled. 'He thinks we're afraid. Do be a dear and let him know we enjoyed it
'How?'
Just do to him what he was doing to us!
I don't think I can, Phoebe felt her face warm.
'Sure you can. I'm here. I'll help.
Phoebe hesitated recalling her conversation with Lucille. Is this what she meant by trusting her instincts? 'All right.
Phoebe felt Máni press forward synchronizing with her as she calmed Phoebe's anxiety and encouraged her. Taking Jason's face in her hands she pressed her lips to his kissing him deeply and silenced his panicked apology. She kissed along his jaw and down his neck eliciting deep groans as he relaxed enjoying the electric charges her touch caused.
'Right there, Máni instructed, where his neck meets his shoulder. That's the marking spot and it'll drive him crazy.
Phoebe hesitated before lowering her mouth over the spot following Máni's instruction. She ran her tongue along the skin, sucking hard and felt Jason suddenly tense with a moan. He shuddered as her teeth grazed the spot. She nuzzled him, nipping his ear before slowly easing away.
His eyes swirled as he stared into her silver gray ones.
"Did you like what I just did?" Phoebe asked.
He swallowed hard not trusting his voice but managed a nod.
"Good. Because I liked it too."
He blinked and realized what she was saying. A smile slowly made his eyes sparkle with amusement, "So...that's the wicked humor my sister talked about."
"Wicked?"
With a growl he rolled them so she was lying under him before capturing her mouth in a passionate kiss. Her fingers curled themselves in his hair sending sparks directly to his brain. He caressed her thigh tugging her close and grinding their hips together. She moaned as her scent took on a spicy note driving him crazy with hunger and his pants became uncomfortably tight. He wanted nothing more than to rip away the barriers between them.
Jason pulled away forcing a deep breath trying to marshal his control before he truly went too far. She was just too irresistible. Under him Phoebe struggled to catch her own breath.
"You play a dangerous game, angel."
"Do I?" she asked innocently
He growled. His eyes swirled. Hers shimmered in response.
Jason kissed her nose and she snorted a laugh. Jason chuckled and nibbled her ear.
"My mom's planning a party tonight to welcome you, the pups and Bridget to the pack. I'll make you all official members. You'll also join the pack link so you will be able to mindlink anyone you need to talk to. I'm sure they will be clamoring to meet you once I officially introduce you as my Luna."
"That sounds nice." Though she was still hesitant to be Luna Phoebe liked the thought of being part of a pack link again.
Jason hesitated, "Since none of you have blood relatives in Blue Moon you'll have to take a blood oath." "Blood oath?"
"You have to swear loyalty to the pack and me as Alpha and we seal the oath with blood," Jason said.
He traced a line down her palm watching her reaction.
Blood oaths were no longer common. Most packs made do with simple loyalty oaths and opened the pack link to new members psychically. The bond was not quite the same and relied on the mating bond to tether it. Older packs like Blue Moon required a more substantial bond to join pack members so they still used the blood oath.
"The pups too?"
"Yeah. It'll only take a moment and well have bandages and salve on hand," Jason explained. "But it will also seal my connection and bond to them so it might actually be beneficial in the long run."
Phoebe was pensive. She didn't want the pups to suffer any pain but it seemed Jason was already making preparations to ensure their comfort as much as possible.
Given Blue Moon's long lineage and bloodline it was not surprising it employed blood oaths.
"All right," Phoebe nodded.
"Thank you, angel," Jason nuzzled her.
They lay together for some time enjoying each other's nearness and lingering kisses. Jason didn't seem to be in any hurry to get back to his work but Phoebe didn't mind.
Every kiss and caress caused her body to tremble in pleasure she never experienced before and she wanted more. In truth Jason was under strict orders to keep Phoebe occupied while the final preparations for the party were completed.
He and his wolf had no ions with this arrangement but eventually the time to join everyone approached.
Reluctantly he retreated to the bathroom for a quick shower before relinquishing it to Phoebe. When she emerged wrapped in a towel he was already dressed in a black silk button-up and trousers.
Phoebe stared at her new wardrobe asking, "What do you think I should wear? I mean, is it formal?"
"Casual is fine," Jason chuckled hugging her from behind.
He bowed his head to kiss her neck and nibble her ear to ensure his scent wrapped around her again. Phoebe moaned softly leaning against him and he was tempted to bring her back to bed but this party was important for the pack.
With a sigh he looked over her side of the closet. Even after today's shopping spree it was barely a third full but it was an improvement and there was plenty of time to spoil her.
"Anything will be fine... especially if you wear something from that."
"From what?" Phoebe asked before noticing his attention was on the Victoria Secret bag. She blushed deep red.
"Is that a no?" he asked not bothering to hide his disappointment.
"Jason..."
He kissed her with a chuckle and said, "It gets cold after dark...so make sure to pick something warm."
"All right."
Phoebe eventually settled for black, thermal-lined leggings and a gray turtleneck. She stepped out of the closet and looked at her reflection self-consciously. Jason embraced her again kissing her temple and admiring her modest yet tantalizing look. In truth, she could wear anything and be just as tempting.
Leaving their suite they quietly made their way down stairs.
Phoebe made it to the first landing before she hesitated at the pain of the stitches. Without a word Jason scooped her up and carried her. "Jason! I can walk."
"I know. It's better this way."
Phoebe laughed wrapping her arms around his neck and nuzzling him. Jason growled in pleasure.
Reaching the ground floor he carefully set her on her feet and led her to the patio hand-in-hand. Phoebe hesitated at the sliding doors looking out into the evening where over five hundred pack members were gathered and more would arrive as the evening progressed. No doubt they attendees were deliberately spacing their arrivals so she wouldn't be overwhelmed but Blue Moon was such a large pack. She wasn't sure she could do this.
Jason hugged her, "They'll love you, angel. Promise."
Phoebe leaned into his comforting embrace.
"If you feel uncomfortable we can just go... so be sure to tell me. Okay?"
"Okay."
"Good. Deep breath."
Phoebe sighed.
"..And here we go."
###Chapter 23
Jason slid the door open and stepped out. The pack immediately fell silent as their Alpha finally made his appearance. They sensed an immediate change in him. He had always been tense, disciplined and logical. At times he was almost cold but now there was a new relaxed feeling about him. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. His smile was genuine and for once it reached his eyes. Their Alpha was happy, truly happy, in a way "Everyone, we're here tonight to welcome four new pack members. I'm sure you've heard the rumors and snuck glances whenever you could but let me introduce them properly. First and foremost...your Luna, Phoebe." Jason turned reaching into the doorway and drawing
only one's fated mate could make them.
Phoebe to his side. She blushed at his introduction and it was clear she was nervous but that didn't bother the pack.
There was a gentle aura around her that complimented her petite form but also something else. Her bewitching silver-gray eyes captivated them and they could just sense the strength that belied her gentleness. There were layers to their Luna and they were all eager to know more. Jason brought her out in front of him wrapping his arms around her waist and kissed her temple. Though she wasn't officially marked there was no denying his devotion and claim. She was his Luna, and theirs, any who doubted it would regret it. "I'd also like to officially introduce, Bridget Johansen," Jason announced nodded to where she stood in Noah's arms. The warrior bowed his head kissing her making it clear she was already claimed. "She will be joining our nursing staff and I can assure you her skills are second-to-none. And finally, Blake and Emma."
Seated at a nearby table the siblings froze mid-bite as all eyes suddenly shifted to them. The pair wore their new clothes: matching striped sweaters, Blake wore trousers and Emma a skirt with tights. Norah had given the adorable five-year-old pigtails as they were her favorite hairstyle.
"Come here you two"" Jason gently beckoned.
They hesitated but at Norah's encouragement stood and slowly made their way to their new Alpha. Giving Phoebe a final kiss Jason stepped down crouching so he was at eye-level with the siblings. He tussled Blake's hair fondly as Luke approached with a dagger. Emma whimpered at the sight of the gleaming blade.
Jason hugged the nervous pup. He knew his mother explained the proceedings but it was one thing to be told what was going to happen and quite another for it to actually happen.
"Shh, little one," he whispered. "I promise it'll only be a little prick. Then it will be over. Everything will be okay."
Emma nodded but still looked nervous.
"We'll have your brother go first, okay?" Jason gave her one more squeeze before accepting the blade and looking to Blake. "Ready?"
Blake was nervous but nodded. He was the older brother and determined to be brave. Jason held out his hand wishing there was another way but without blood relations he had no other choice. Blake placed his hand into Jason's much larger palm.
Brandishing the blade Jason pressed it gently into the pup's palm until it broke the skin and a small cut appeared.
Without a word Jason turned the blade on himself cutting his palm rather deep to ensure it would not heal before he was finished and pressed their wounds together.
"I, Jason Aiman, Alpha of the Blue Moon Pack accept Blake Aiman as your Alpha...and father," he smiled gently as the pup's eyes widened.
"..., Blake... Aiman, swear loyalty to the Blue Moon Pack and accept you, Jason Aiman, as my Alpha...and father."
Jason's smile broadened ignoring the subtle gasps of surprise at the addition to the traditional oath. In all his time as alpha Jason had only a passing interest in pups.
They were his pack's future so he ensured their security but he never got personally involved with them. Yet now he was declaring these young orphans were his own.
Blake shivered as the pack link opened to him. Welcomes streamed into his mind like a gentle tide. The pack didn't want to overwhelm their new member so they didn't flood the link as they might with others.
Bridget and Norah stepped forward. They lathered healing salve over the cut before bandaging it. Norah hugged Blake whispering good job to him. She had been worried about the pups' initiation but that went much smoother than she hoped even more so since Jason added the last clause.
"You're turn, sweetie," Jason smiled gently at the waiting Emma.
She still looked nervous but seeing her brother's reaction gave her courage. Nodding she gave him her hand. As gently as he could he repeated the procedure and pressed their palms together.
"I, Jason Aiman, Alpha of the Blue Moon Pack accept you Emma Aiman, as your Alpha and father."
She hesitated and seemed to forget what she was supposed to say. Her panicked gaze fell on Norah who quietly mouthed the oath. Her eyes lit up in remembrance and she stated, "I, Emma Aiman, swear loyalty to the Blue Moon Pack and accept you as my Alpha and...father."
Emma gave a squeak as the link opened to her, forging and knitting her soul into the pack. Bridget and Norah quickly cleaned and bandaged her hand just as they had done for her brother. Since the pups' wolves had not yet emerged their healing abilities were repressed. The balm would help the cuts close much faster.
Jason stood looking at his own hand to see it was already beginning to heal. He had to finish quickly or else he would have to cut himself again. Nodding to Bridget he waited for her to step forward. She offered her hand and winced as he cut it. Behind her Noah growled and struggled not to come to her aid. "Bridget Johansen, I Jason Aiman accept you into the Blue Moon Pack as your Alpha."
"I, Bridget Johansen, swear loyalty to the Blue Moon Pack and accept you Jason Aiman as my Alpha."
She breathed deep as the pack link opened up to her and she received the others' welcomes. Noah immediately came to her side and held her close nuzzling her as Norah bandaged her hand. It had taken everything he had not to rush forward when the blade was turned on her. He felt her pain through their mating bond and his wolf demanded they protect her no matter how many times he said she was not in any danger.
Smirking at his warriors possessive side Jason stepped back to Phoebe wishing there was any other way to complete this ritual. In the end he simply couldn't turn the blade on his own mate and Luke had to step forward and cut her palm while Jason struggled to keep Lobo from ripping his Beta to shreds. Pressing their palms together Jason pulled her close pressing his forehead to hers.
"I, Jason Aiman, Alpha of the Blue Moon Pack accept you, Phoebe Luan, as your Alpha, your mate and as my Luna."
Phoebe shivered taking a deep breath, "I, Phoebe Luan-Aiman, swear loyalty to the Blue Moon Pack and accept you, Jason Aiman, as my Alpha...my mate and as your Luna."
Smiling he kissed her forehead savoring her words and feeling her soul knit into the pack's collective link. She was one step closer to being completely his. Bridget and Norah cautiously approached quickly bandaging her hand and his though his wound was nearly healed.
"Mommy," Emma approached, "does this mean we are a real family now?"
Phoebe smiled scooping up the pup and rubbing her nose," Yes. Yes it does."
"Yeah!" Emma squealed throwing her arms around Phoebe.
Phoebe hugged her close fighting back tears. After her rejection she had resigned herself to never having pups of her own so it had been easy to devote herself to the other pups and, in particular, caring for the orphaned siblings.
Second chance mates were never guaranteed so she never considered the possibility and others warned her males didn't like caring for pups that weren't their own.
"Does that mean you're our new daddy?" Emma asked looking to Jason.
Jason's expression softened as he took both of them into his arms, "That's right."
Without hesitation she reached for him hugged him as he held both close. The pack watched holding its collective breath. This was a new side of their Alpha they had not seen before. As unexpected as it was they certainly didn't hate it. Already their Luna's presence was being felt as she softened their stern Alpha.
"Blake! We have a mommy and daddy again!" Emma announced looking to her brother who stood nearby hesitating to approach.
Jason chuckled beckoning the anxious pup to his side before picking up the young one and hugging him close. He felt Blake tremble in his arms overcome with emotion. It would take time for the pups to become as comfortable with him as they were with Phoebe but that was all right.
Until then he would keep them safe and cared for.
"You have much more than just a mom and dad," Norah corrected. "You have a grandma and an aunt and uncle too.
Emma bounced in Phoebe's arms clapping her hands as Ben and Lucille hovered nearby. In fact they had more than just one aunt and uncle. Though Luke and Mona were not related to them as the Beta pair as well as Jason's childhood friend they would treat the pups as their niece and nephew. Blake seemed overwhelmed by it all yet he smiled and clung to Jason. Once the pups were comfortable again they returned to their table to eat under Norah's watchful eye.
"You didn't have to do that," Phoebe quietly said as they watched the pups.
"I told you, angel" Jason held her close. "What's precious to you is precious to me."
###Chapter 24
Jason chatted amicably with his pack members. Many asked him about his travels and what other packs were like as well as the rise in rogue attacks. He answered their questions and tried to ease their concerns. Though there had been some incursions in their own territory their warriors had stopped them well before they caused any major damage. Jason patrolled their borders himself and assured them the rogues had been driven out.
Several congratulated him on finding his Luna. But though he accepted their congratulations he couldn't help but notice most did not approach Phoebe. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. His gaze continually sought her out watching as she conversed and laughed but the only wolves who approached her were ones she already knew: his mother, sister, Mona and Bridget. It worried him that the pack was not integrating her. Phoebe had been so isolated in her previous pack he didn't want that for her here.
The servers seemed to be paying particular attention to their new Luna. Not only did several approach her to thank her for her actions at breakfast but they were also concerned she enjoyed her meal and that her needs were met. Their actions at least gave him some hope that she would be fully accepted by the pack.
"Don't look so serious," Luke nudged him. "It's a party." "I'm aware."
"What's the matter?" Luke asked. He followed Jason's gaze to Phoebe. She was laughing at something Lucille said, blushing. He could only imagine what racy comment had just been made. "She looks happy. Is there a problem?"
"It's been an hour but no one else has tried to approach her,
"Jason muttered.
"Well you can hardly blame them," Luke chuckled. "She's surrounded by the Former Luna as well as the Beta and Gamma's mates. Not many would approach so many high-ranking members."
Jason sipped his beer. Was that all there was to it? His brow furrowed in thought.
"Try to relax. The night's still young," Luke patted his shoulder. "So...you adopted two pups today."
Jason cleared his throat, "Well, they are living on the alpha floor and my mother adores them."
Luke chuckled, "There's more to it than that. I saw you with them after the initiation. You looked like a proud papa."
Luke gave him a knowing smile. Jason had always been a good alpha but there had been distance and disconnect between him and the other pack members. Part of it stemmed from the lack of a luna as well as an uncertain future with no prospect of heirs. The pack trusted in his strength and leadership but they lacked true connection.
Lunas knitted a pack together strengthening its collective bonds as well as their bond to their Alpha. While alphas were often intense and difficult to approach lunas were generally gentler and welcoming. Pack members often brought their concerns to her first. Without a luna they sometimes sought Luke or Ben or more rarely Mona, Lucille and Norah. Now that Jason had found his Luna the disconnection he felt with his pack should naturally resolve itself.
While the adults conversed the pups darted around them playing various games or stealing bits of food. The pack pups were naturally curious about the newly initiated pair and welcomed them into their games. It seemed making friends was easier for younger pack members than their elders.
As the pups chased each other a young she wolf tripped and fell skinning her knee. The pup whimpered but before anyone else could react Phoebe scooped her up and cuddled her. Carrying the pup to a table she sat down cooing softly. "Shh. Shh. It's okay sweetie."
Whether through the packlink or simply motherly instinct an omega brought a damp washcloth. Phoebe accepted it with a smile.
"This might sting a little," she warned the pup before gently cleaning the injury.
The pup whimpered but didn't cry out as it leaned into her soothed by her gentle aura. Bridget still had the balm and extra bandages so treating the skinned knee was a simple task. Phoebe cooed to the pup the entire time.
"You are such a brave girl. There, all done. It doesn't hurt anymore does it? Good. A brave little one like you deserves a reward."
As if knowing exactly what their Luna intended the omega server brought a cookie for the pup who seemed quite content with all the attention.
"Lexi," a she-wolf emerged from the crowd summoned by someone who recognized the pup. "What happened?"
"Mommy," the pup smiled with a mouth full of cookie, "look what Luna gave me for being brave."
Phoebe smiled at the nervous mother, "We just took a little tumble but she was very brave."
Standing she handed the pup to the worried mother who apologized, "I'm so sorry she bothered you, Luna."
"Oh, she was no bother," Phoebe shook her head tickling the pup. "She's adorable and such a sweetheart."
"I think you're sweet too, Luna," Lexi declared.
"Thank you," Phoebe poked her nose.
The pup giggled.
Across the quad Jason watched as his mate tenderly cared for, comforted and entertained the pup. She had not hesitated a moment to scoop her up just as she had not hesitated to take in Blake and Emma. Pups definitely brought out her best and his chest swelled with pride. 'Mate is amazing!' Loho howled in his mind
Jason couldn't agree more. He watched as Phoebe continued speaking with the mother gleaning who knows what information. Phoebe had a comforting presence that drew others in and they relaxed as they opened up to her.
Eventually the pup fell asleep and the mother excused herself. After that it was like a dam broke. Other pack members began to approach, mostly other mothers. Some had doubted the rumors swirling around since breakfast but they couldn't deny what they witnessed with their own eyes.
Jason watched finally content as more pack members introduced themselves. Phoebe gave each of them attention as they asked about her old pack and answered her questions about Blue Moon. Despite the growing number of admirers eager to converse with her she didn't seem overwhelmed or uncomfortable.
"See," Luke slapped his shoulder, "I told you."
Jason nodded. There was no denying Phoebe's natural charm. It drew others to her. How her previous pack was able to ignore her was beyond his comprehension. She was not a wolf meant to live anonymously or as she put it: a nameless cog
His gaze settled on his mate. Though she wore multiple layers it did nothing to hide her form, the soft swell of her breasts, the gentle shape of her curves. His gaze traveled down her shapely legs as her musical laughter reached his ears. "Do you mind not mentally undressing your mate in public?
"Luke nudged him startling him from his thoughts. "I can practically smell your arousal."
Jason felt his face warm. He tried to marshal his wayward thoughts while his Beta chuckled at his discomfort.
"What's so funny?" Ben asked joining them. As gamma he was generally more approachable than alpha or beta though with a luna now in attendance he would probably lose his edge.
"Our Alpha mentally stripping his Luna in public," Luke answered.
"Is that all?" Ben chuckled.
"Stop it." Jason warned earning more snickers. He growled but there wasn't much threat to it.
"Relax Jace," Luke tried to suppress his laughter. "It's completely natural."
Ben nodded agreement. The mating bond was not something one could fight especially between fated mates.
If the initial attraction was not overwhelming enough the longer they were together the stronger the connection and urge to mark them became.
In fact Jason was playing a dangerous game by holding himself back. Yet they knew why he did. Phoebe was not a typical mate. She had been rejected once. Because of that she did not trust the bond. He wanted to earn her trust rather than forcing the bond. It was a stance Ben respected but it also meant Jason was putting added pressure on himself to control his wolf and their natural urges. But Jason would not force Phoebe to do anything she wasn't ready for.
Ben's gaze slid toward their Luna watching her sip from the drink she had been given as she conversed with other pack members. Unmated males were keeping their distance less their actions be construed as a challenge to their Alpha's claim but several she- wolves did introduce their mates.
"Ah Jace, is Phoebe much of a drinker?" Ben asked.
"Phoebe? No, I don't think so. At least she didn't have anything in her cottage."
"Uh-oh."
"What?"
"Do you think anyone told her that is Aconite Beer?"
Jason jerked to attention and looked again to Phoebe focusing on the container in her hand. A growl burst from him, "Who the hell gave her that?"
"Easy, easy," Luke patted his shoulder not wanting to restrain him. "Take it easy."
"The aconite is less than a half percent," Ben reminded.
Jason only allowed the weakest of the three brews on his territory. Though the aconite in the beer wouldn't do any lasting damage it still hurt their wolf spirits and weakened their connection at least temporarily.
There was also the danger of becoming addicted just like with humans. Alcoholism was rare for werewolves because their wolf spirits constrained any desire for self destruction which made aconite beer so dangerous as it weakened the connection to their spirit. Jason's fur bristled as he fought Lobo for control.
Someone had given their mate poison and he was ready to tear the pack apart to find out who. Luke and Ben's words slowly reached him and Jason was able to maintain control. They breathed sighs of relief as he calmed. This night was important for the pack to bond to their Luna and it wouldn't do them any good if their Alpha went on a rampage.
***
Phoebe moaned. For some reason her head felt fuzzy. She felt weighed down but at the same time it was as if she was floating. Strong arms supported her, lifted her and carried her. A pleasant smell invaded her nose making her entire body relax. Groggily she opened her eyes to see a firm chin soften by dark stubble. Raising her head she saw the face near hers.
"Jason?"
"Feeling all right, angel?" he asked looking at her with concern.
"Hmm. What time is it? What happened?"
"Late. You had a bit too much to drink."
"Did I?"
He clenched his jaw. Jason had counted at least five cans in her hand throughout the night. He hadn't interfered not wanting to discourage the pack from interacting with their Luna. What was more she looked so happy. The entire night Phoebe conversed and laughed with the pack something she never did with her old pack.
He let it go too far when it became clear she was a little too drunk. When she turned seeking a chair she stumbled.
Jason was at her side immediately picking her up. Though she had maintained well up to the point she immediately fell asleep in his arms. The pack members still lingering outside were concerned but he assured them she simply had too much. Now he carried up the stairs to their floor.
Her head fell back to his shoulder. Her arms curled around him, her face close to his neck sighing. Softly she muttered,
"You smell good...like dogwood and campfire."
Jason shuddered with pleasure at her touch and blushed at her admission. Lobo pranced in his mind, exceptionally pleased. She nuzzled his neck and her embrace tightened Jason groaned as his skin almost felt electrified at her touch.
Reaching the alpha floor he quickly ensconced her into their private suite wanting to avoid his mother who he knew was still up after sending the pups to bed. Laying Phoebe down in their bed Jason carefully took off her shoes then hesitated. She should really change into pajamas so she could sleep comfortably.
"Phoebe," he smoothed her hair away from her face taking out the clip taming it. "Phoebe angel, I need you to get up and change. Angel?"
She stirred, "I really like it when you call me that."
"You like it when I call you angel?"
"It makes me feel special."
Jason leaned close kissing her forehead, "You are special, angel. I won't let you forget it. Can you wake up and change?"
She moaned but fell back to sleep. Jason hesitated not sure what he should do. He wanted her to rest comfortably but he also didn't want to undress her without permission.
With a sigh he eased back but she suddenly reached for him and pulled him back. Surprised and caught off balance he nearly toppled on top of her. Jason caught himself, propping himself up on his elbows.
"Don't leave." Phoebe muttered a slight pleading to her voice.
"Shh." Jason kissed her gently before bowing his head and nipping her ear. "I won't even leave. I promise, angel."
She sighed falling back to sleep. Slowly he eased back and pushed himself off the bed. He stepped back trying to get a hold of himself. Her scent was intoxicating. Forcing himself away he retreated to the bathroom and into the shower. He leaned his forehead against the tile as the cold water fell on his heated skin. Lobo whimpered pacing in his mind.
'Get back to Mate!'
Jason shook his head.
'Bet back to Mate now! She needs us!' Not until we're in control, Jason insisted.
Lobo growled.
1 refuse to do anything without her consent and she's not in any condition to give it. Do you want her to hate us?'
Lobo whimpered and finally retreated.
Jason sighed looking down at his stiff member. Groaning he gripped it working it back and forth. His mind filled with images of Phoebe laughing and smiling. Her scent was still thick in his nose as he increased his pace. It didn't take long to bring himself to his release. Jason groaned as he ejaculated and let it wash down the drain before finally stepped out of the shower.
Drying himself he pulled on a pair of sweats before returning to the bedroom. Phoebe, he found had turned in her sleep hugging his pillow where his scent was strongest.
He smiled recalling her confession on the stairs.
Slipping into the bed he eased himself next to her and pulled her into his embrace. Phoebe snuggled against him breathing deep and relaxing. Jason chuckled gently caressing her. Lobo finally settled now that she was in their arms.
'Soon, Jason promised his wolf. We'll claim her soon.
'Yes! Mate ours!'
But he couldn't until she was ready. He told her that her word was his law and he would never arrest control from her. An Alpha bowed to no wolf but his Luna.
###Chapter 25
Phoebe stirred snuggling into the warm body beside her.
The woodsie scent she loved surrounded her. Her fingers trailed through a mini forest of soft hair peppering a firm chest. The campfire scent became more pungent and was accompanied by the smell of roasted marshmallows. It made her mouth water. "Angel, unless we plan to finish.it is best to stop now," a husky voice intruded her half-wakeful state.
She blinked to find herself pressed against Jasons muscular torso. Her nose inches from his neck where his scent was strongest. Face turning red she looked up to see Jason watching his dark eyes swirling. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. He smiled leaning toward her and kissed her longingly. Phoebe moaned as he drew out the kiss nipping her lip before invading her mouth with his tongue.
Máni stirred encouraging the waking urges. Jason groaned breaking the kiss and catching his breath. Her scent took on the spicy note signaling her arousal. It made his mouth water and he hungered for more.
"Goddess angel, you smell so good," he huskily said. "But if you're not ready we need definitely need to stop."
"...don't know."
"Shh. Shh." He ran his fingers through her hair sensing her anxiety. "It's okay. We won't if you're not ready." "Why are you so patient with me?"
"Because I love you, angel. And I want you to be happy and comfortable and safe." He rubbed noses with her as they both slowly came out of their aroused states. When he felt her relax he kissed her forehead. "I'll shower first. You rest." She nodded and watched him retreat to the bathroom.
Phoebe knew the distance was for their own good but she longed to be near him. What was going on with her?
It's just the bond, Máni said. 'It's natural to be attracted to your Mate.'
Yes, but...'
'He is the first male to truly be interested so it's not any wonder you wouldn't recognize what it feels like to be aroused by someone'
'Is that what it was?'
*Hmm. And he was definitely interested. His arousal scent is yummy!
'Do you mean that marshmallow smell?'
'Mhmm.
Phoebe turned her face into the pillow breathing deep. The dogwood and campfire scent was strong and she was just able to detect the roasted marshmallow scent again. She wondered if her scent changed too. Everything was moving so fast. Actually you're moving pretty slow, Máni said.
'We are?"
'Most males can't wait to mate, especially an Alpha. He must have some major self-control.
'Maybe he's not interested.'
'Don't you dare think that!' Máni growled. 'It's because he cares that he's waiting. He doesn't want you to have any regrets!
Phoebe chewed her lip.
He's trying to romance you, so let him romance you!
'How will I now when I'm ready? I don't want to make him wait forever'
When you're ready, you'll know. I dare say you're almost ready now!
'But how will I even know what to do?'
Trust your instincts. That's why I'm here and trust our Mate:'
Phoebe blushed. Máni had never expressed interest in carnal desires before. Now she was suddenly talking about it so casually. Wolf spirits seldom showed any interest in s*x unless it was with their mate so that probably wasn't unusual. "Just go with it and don't think about it too much."
Jason sighed staring at his email but his mind was elsewhere. Last night she confessed to liking his scent and she was definitely becoming much more relaxed around him.
He was happy her nickname made her feel special. Her previous mate hadn't spent a single minute with her before rejecting her out of hand and apparently no one else had taken interest in her either. While he didn't like the thought of any male spending time with her it did upset him that no one saw her perfection.
"Well, you're deep in thought," Luke said, "want to share with the class?"
Jason blinked looking at his Beta who he had ignored for the past several minutes. Luke sat at his own desk off to the side with a curious look in his gaze.
"Did something happen last night? Something good?"
"No. At least not what you are thinking," Jason said. "It almost happened this morning though."
Luke jerked to attention. "Almost?"
Jason folded his hands and rested his chin on them. His mood was pensive as he pondered his own thoughts.
...So what happened?"
"Last night she said she liked my scent and that I make her feel special."
"That's good. So what's got you concerned?"
"This morning we kissed."
"Okay."
"I smelled her arousal."
"Oh?"
"It's not the first time but it was definitely stronger this morning than it was before," Jason said. "She almost seemed afraid of it." "Afraid?"
"I think it's the first time she's ever felt it, if that makes sense."
It was one thing if no one had pursued her as a partner before but even though Jason saved himself for their mate he had explored other means of release. Self gratification was a far cry from being with one's mate but it helped take the edge off...usually. He certainly never heard of one being unprepared of their natural urges.
"So what happened after that?"
"I calmed her down."
"But?"
“...She smelled fantastic," Jason sighed rubbing his face.
Luke chuckled. That wasn't surprising. The scent of one's mate always seemed tailored to attracting them, making them hunger for them. Luke had a sweet tooth so he hadn't been surprised his mate had a caramel note to her scent. "Well you know she likes your scent...she probably thought you smelled just as good."
Jason grunted.
Luke gave his friend a sympathetic look. At first he thought Jason's problem was solved as soon as he scented his mate but now Luke realized it was only the beginning.
Jason was determined to move at Phoebe's pace. Luke only hoped his friend could take the slow pace when everything in him urged him to complete the bond. "Alpha."
Jason grunted as the border guards opened a link to him, * I'm here."
"Alpha Thomas is at the main gate. He says he wants to talk to you."
"Thomas?" Jason gave Luke a questioning look.
The Beta shrugged. Alpha Thomas was a close ally so a visit wasn't unexpected; however, he usually planned his appearance well in advance.
"Does he say why?"
"No. But he's here with his daughter.. and normal escort."
"Send him through."
Jason waited for their affirmative before closing the link.
"Here with his daughter," Luke repeated.
They shared a look both their minds going to the incident at breakfast.
"Where is Phoebe?"
"At the daycare, last I checked."
Jason nodded. Unlike her old pack, here the young ones were minded by a collective of mothers and some unmated she wolves each taking turns watching and entertaining them for the day. Naturally it had been a topic of discussion throughout the course of last night's party and he wasn't surprised when Phoebe showed interest in it. As an education professional she would have several ideas of how to improve and organize it.
"Have Ben find her and stick close."
"Expecting trouble?" "Maybe."
There were consequences for assaulting an alpha's offspring. Phoebe may be his mate but she wasn't marked yet. Until then her position as Luna was unofficial. As far as he was concerned those were just formalities. Phoebe was his mate and his pack's Luna and she would not be harmed. Thomas was usually a reasonable wolf but very defensive when it came to his daughter. However, if he insisted on retribution he would find Jason was equally protective of his mate. "What do you think?" Jason asked.
"This pack will defend its Luna to the death."
Jason nodded satisfied. If Thomas or Katrina intended a fight it would be one they couldn't win though he hoped it wouldn't come to that. Their packs had been allies since Jason's great-grandfather's time. He hoped they could maintain amicable relations. After several minutes of waiting there was a knock on his door. Luke went to answer it bowing to the alpha and announcing him, "Alpha Thomas and Katrina."
Jason nodded closing his laptop and stood. Ignoring Katrina he greeted Thomas with a handshake, "Welcome.
Can I offer you a drink?"
"No that's quite all right," Thomas answered surprised by Jason's cordial greeting and relaxed demeanor.
Jason gestured to one of the couches for them to sit while he sat across from them in a chair. Katrina hesitated expecting him to ask her to join him but Jason continued to ignore her. Luke and Thomas's escort remained at the door waiting for their respective Alphas command. "To what do I owe this pleasure?" Jason asked feigning ignorance.
Thomas cleared his throat glancing at his daughter to Jason and back again. Jason merely maintained an enigmatic smile and waited
"As you know my daughter was visiting your pack and she suddenly returned yesterday very upset. It seems one of your pack member's assaulted her."
"Did she also tell you that the alleged assault was in retaliation for her assaulting one of my pack members?"
Thomas glanced at his daughter, brows furrowed. Jason knew it was unlikely she explained the entire situation.
Katrina always cast herself as the victim.
"It wasn't my fault!" Katrina whined. "I was only defending myself."
"My Beta, Gamma, my sister and myself witnessed the entire incident. Would you like to hear our testimonies?" Jason asked eyeing her with a frown. Katrina fell silent.
"Then there are witnesses to what your pack member did to my daughter," Thomas said satisfied. "What do you intend for their punishment?"
Jason shifted his gaze back to the other alpha. It seemed nothing changed. When it came to his daughter Thomas was blind and deaf to her misdeeds. Ever since he lost his mate Thomas doted on his daughter. Jason had no issue with that but spoiling her did her no favors.
"Nothing," Jason simply said. "I don't punish my pack members for defending themselves or each other."
"This is unacceptable!" Thomas stood. "I demand satisfaction!"
"You would do well to remember whose office you are in," Jason said growling but remained seated. His gaze swirled waiting for the other alpha to calm down or else complete the challenge.
Thomas hesitated before clearing his throat and sat. It wasn't like him to lose his temper or make needless demonstrations. Yet Jason's outward calm unnerved him.
Thomas had known the young alpha since Jason was a pup. Ever since Jason's father passed Thomas thought himself as an advisor and Jason usually acquiesced to him as an elder. But now there was a new dominating aura surrounding the young alpha and he showed no sign of standing down.
"Jason, I respectfully request you hand over the pack member who assaulted my daughter for proper punishment."
"If she wishes to go with you I won't stop her," Jason said glancing at Luke. "But I will be by her side at all times."
With a nod Luke stepped out. Thomas looked from one to the other still unnerved by Jason's piercing gaze. Though he had not yet summoned his alpha aura there was something dangerous in Jason's eyes. It was as if Jason's wolf was pacing around sizing Thomas's wolf like he was a meal. Try as he might Thomas couldn't shake the intimidation he felt as Jason's calm gaze bore into him.
A knock at the door mercifully broke the standoff. Luke stepped in holding the door for a petite, pretty she wolf. He bowed to her as she entered. Jason was on his feet in an instant beckoning her to his side.
Phoebe gave both curious looks but went to Jason. Luke managed a brief explanation so she was not surprised to see Katrina or the other alpha. Taking her hand Jason kissed it before pulling her close and kissing her temple.
Both were familiar gestures so she only blushed slightly in front of their guests.
"Phoebe, you remember Katrina. Let me introduce her father, Alpha Thomas of the Blood Moon Pack," Jason said. "Thomas this is my mate and Luna, Phoebe."
Jason watched as Thomas and Katrina's mouths dropped.
He wasn't surprised. Many knew he had been searching for his mate for a long time but few outside of his pack knew she had been found. Phoebe didn't seem the least bit perturbed.
Inclining her head she calmly greeted, "It's nice to meet you Alpha Thomas. I understand our packs are close allies so you are always welcome."
"Shall we sit?" Jason asked when neither of their guests replied
Sitting down Jason gently pulled Phoebe into his lap. One hand remained at her back while the other naturally rested on her thigh. Phoebe raised a brow at this position but thinking it rude to mindlink in front of their guests refrained from questions.
She leaned into him her near arm resting on his shoulder and allowing her hand to rest along his neck. Her fingers curled through the hair on the back of his head and sent tingles through him like electric shocks. Bewildered Thomas and Katrina slowly returned to their seats.
"To what do we owe the honor of this visit?" Phoebe asked as a conversation starter.
"Alpha Thomas is here because of yesterday...the incident at breakfast," Jason said as delicately as possible.
"Of course," Phoebe nodded ignoring Katrina and looking at Thomas. "Is this going to a formal apology to us and the pack or do you prefer to make a personal one to the she-wolf that was attacked. Either is acceptable."
Jason fought a smile at Phoebes matter-of-fact tone.
Returning to his position at the door Luke bit his lip to keep from laughing. Neither expected that response.
"I'm sorry?" Thomas asked. "I'm afraid I don't follow."
Phoebe inclined her head as if sharing his confusion before saying, "You're daughter attacked and maimed a she wolf yesterday. I would think an apology is very least we should expect."
"Y-yes..well..that she-wolf insulted my daughter first."
Phoebe's gaze narrowed as she frowned, "I take it then you approve of your daughter's action and you also believe attacking a pack member, slashing their face with silver-laced claws is an appropriate response when the wolf in question has forgotten to add pepper to your omelet."
Phoebe enunciated every word carefully and gauged his response. It didn't surprise her he was unaware of the details of yesterday's incident. Katrina didn't strike her as a particularly truthful wolf. "Then please tell me Alpha Thomas what is the appropriate punishment for your maid when she forgets to fluff your pillow: a week in the cells I suppose?"
Jason struggled to contain his mirth as Thomas's face reddened. But Phoebe wasn't done. From the start the incident left a bad taste in her mouth and Mani pushed her to speak her mind. "Alpha Thomas, having a face scarred by silver claw marks may not seem like a great hurdle for you and your warriors but for a young, unmated she wolf the prospect is quite devastating." "W-well...um.."
"Sh-shut up!" Katrina suddenly leapt to her feet. "You b***h!
Jason growled but Phoebe barely acknowledged her. She had ignored the she wolf's presence but suddenly turned her gaze on Katrina, her gray eyes shimmering silver as Máni pressed close.
"If you intend to act like a child you should expect to be treated as one. Since you can't handle a simple conflict without involving your daddy I suggest you sit down and be quiet. The adults are talking."
Katrina's face burned beet red as Jason and Luke fought to keep their laughter contained. Phoebe was so calm it was hard to believe she was the same, shy she-wolf they met in Washington. Even Thomas's escort was having a difficult time maintaining his composure.
"Y-you.. You're nothing! A nobody," Katrina declared. "Im the one meant to be Luna here!"
"Now we both know that isn't true...or else you would be in my seat."
###Chapter 26
Jason squeezed her thigh hard struggling to appear calm while inside he and his wolf were rolling with glee. Katrina's mouth dropped like a codfish. No one ever talked back to her. "But...l thought Katrina and Jason were mates," Thomas finally said trying to regain some control of the conversation.
"And what gave you that impression?" Jason asked. "
Everyone knows how long I've been looking for my Goddess-given mate."
"B-but," Thomas hesitated. "Katrina's eighteenth birthday.
We held it here because our packhouse flooded. She said she scented you and knew you were mates. You were just playing hard to get."
Jason growled but the tingles Phoebe's caressing fingers made kept his rage in check. However it was her reply that stunned him completely.
"Well, she told you half the truth," Phoebe said. "She did scent her mate...a delta warrior named Garrison who she rejected two seconds after meeting him. You remember don't you? You said his name when you rejected him." Phoebe again looked to Katrina who stood in utter silence.
The she wolf was pale almost lifeless at hearing her greatest shame thrown at her.
"You'll be happy to know hes one of our most highly-decorated warriors now," Phoebe said. "He also met his second chance mate. A she wolf named Amber. They have an adorable, two-year-old son Billy and they are expecting again. Garrison is hoping for a little girl."
Jason shot Luke a confused look but the beta could only shrug. He knew of Garrison. The young warrior had made a name for himself by volunteering for some of the most dangerous assignments. If you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net, know that some paragraphs are not complete. Visit FindNovel.net to read it for free. Luke thought he was like most young males always testing the limits of their near immortality but now...It sounded more like a wolf dancing on the edge of self-destruction trying to forget his mate's rejection.
Luke remembered being relieved after Garrison met his mate. The gentle she wolf calmed the warrior and he stopped taking so many risks. When their pup was born Garrison couldn't stop grinning ear to ear.
"H-how do you know that?" Katrina muttered. "Y-you weren't even here."
"I met Garrison today when he dropped Billy off at the pack daycare," Phoebe answered. "He was surprised when I asked him if it was difficult getting over his first mate.
Apparently he never told anyone about his rejection except
Amber. I told him wolves recognize our own kind."
"Your own kind?" Thomas repeated.
"Jason is my second chance mate. He's already done so much to fill the hole my previous mate left...but a rejection isn't something you just forget. It stays with you, lingers, festers," Phoebe answered without shame. "That's why I was curious how he coped." "W-what would you know?" Katrina scoffed. "You're just a rejected cow. And you're a liar."
"If you like we can settle all this right now," Phoebe said."
As Alpha Thomas's daughter you have a natural resistance to his command and as Jason's mate I have the same resistance to his. So let's have Jason command you and tell the truth and I'll have your father do the same to me.
Well see who is lying. Or we can just summon Garrison. I'm good with either. Or you could sit down... and be quiet."
Katrina sank into her seat. She had never told a soul about her first mate and hadn't thought about him for a moment since the rejection. It was her assumption he left with his tail between his legs and wasted away somewhere. Never once did she consider the possibility he stayed with the pack or that he made a reputation for himself let alone started a family.
"Alpha Thomas," Phoebe turned her attention to the shocked alpha who seemed to be seeing his daughter for the first time. Her tone until now had been harsh but now she spoke gently, "I know it's late but I want to offer my sincerest condolences on the loss of your mate. I can't imagine how difficult it had to have been for you."
"..Thank you." Thomas managed even as his gaze glistened with tears at the mere memory.
"It's amazing how you have carried on in her memory and I understand why you have doted on your daughter so much,
"Phoebe continued, "but I hope you are beginning to understand that spoiling her has done her no favors. Since she rejected her Goddess-given mate she will have to take a chosen mate. Right now I'm afraid you will be hard-pressed to find one willing to settle with her even with Blood Moon pack as their prize."
Thomas grimaced but there was no anger left in him or his wolf. Both were shocked by the revelations she had given them and were beginning to understand their princess had become someone else entirely. He couldn't help but think how different it would have been if his mate survived.
Katrina lacked a strong female example in her life which was why he encouraged her to spend so much time with Blue Moon hoping Norah could provide that example. But whenever Norah criticized or tried to discipline Katrina Thomas stepped in to shelter his precious daughter. Now he saw he had done more harm.
Suitably chastised Thomas nodded in agreement. There would have to be drastic changes. He looked again at the young woman perched on Jason's lap. It was almost laughable he thought Jason and Katrina were mates. It was clear the Moon Goddess planned something important for the young alpha to give him such a regal mate.
"Thank you for your kind words," Thomas said. "I think my daughter and I have much to discuss. The she wolf she hurt...if there is anything I can do..."
"That is very kind of you to offer," Phoebe smiled. "As it happens a friend of mine created a balm to heal silver wounds."
"Really?" he blinked in surprise.
Silver was one of their most profound weaknesses and many sought ways to combat it and the wounds left behind. Could a cure actually have been found?
"I would like to tell you more but Jason is applying to the Council for a patent. Hopefully we'll hear back soon and can make a public announcement."
"Yes, of course. That is very wise," Thomas nodded. He would have done no less. "We...should be going. I would like to meet that she wolf another time and offer my apologies for all of this."
"That would be very kind," Phoebe agreed as she and Jason stood.
Shaking hands with them Thomas offered congratulations before taking his leave dragging Katrina with him. Luke held the door for them before closing it and escorting their visitors out.
As soon as the door closed Jason swept Phoebe off her feet spinning her around before flopping back on the couch. Phoebe's laughter turned to a moan as he buried his face in her neck sucking on her marking spot while his hand plunged between her thighs. Her body clenched against him surprised by his intensity. Jason groaned his desire barely contained.
"Goddess, you were so sexy," Jason mumbled. "The way you handled both of them. And when you said she'd be in your seat...l thought I was going to lose it."
He captured her lips. His tongue plunged into her mouth swirling around hers as his hand continued to grind between her legs. He caught the spicy top-note of her arousal. He had always loved spicy foods and now his mouth watered to taste her. "Goddess, you smell so good," Jason pulled away before he could eat her alive. "Tell me what you want, angel. What do you need?"
Phoebe whimpered clinging to him as she caught her breath. She had been too caught up in his ardor to think straight. Her skin tingled wherever he touched and her core was on fire wanting him to do more.
"Angel, what do you want me to do?"
"..I don't know. I just don't want you to stop."
He hummed kissing her as his hand moved. Undoing her jeans he gave himself access, slipping his hand inside to reach her warm core already wet and ready for him. Phoebe moaned as his thumb stroked her clit, pressing it, twisting it. His finger slipped into her, curling and stimulating her from inside. Phoebe squeaked surprise as her hips seemed to work on their own pressing against him.
He felt her spasm and her juices coated his finger. The spicy note of her arousal grew stronger and he plunged two fingers into her as his thumb continued to play with her.
Phoebe moaned as his motion quickened and she reached another peak even more pronounced than the first.
Jason held her close as she slowly caught her breath. Her body quivered from its unexpected release. He groaned reveling in her scent and her body pressed against his. Goddess, she was divine. He wanted more but he wouldn't take away her control. She determined their pace.
"How did that feel, angel?"
"Wonderful," she snuggled against him.
"Would you like more?"
"...There's more?"
"Angel, the things I could do for you, to you. Just tell me what you want."
"..What I want?'
What do I want?
Tell him yes!' Máni urged.
Phoebe hesitated.
'Oh, stop thinking so much, Máni nudged. 'Just go with it!'
"Phoebe? Angel?" Jason whispered kissing her temple.
I want you," Phoebe finally whispered
"What?" Jason pulled away his throat suddenly going dry.
Did he hear right? "Angel?"
"I want you, Jason," Phoebe repeated. "All of you."
He stared at her his heart racing.
'Our Mates want us!' Lobo howled. What are you waiting for human!'
"...Not here," Jason shook his head scooping her up and standing. He refused to allow her first time to be on his lumpy office couch.
Practically sprinting he abandoned his office, carried her to the alpha floor and disappeared into their bedroom.
Carefully setting her on her feet he kissed her, tenderly caressing her.
"Do you trust me, angel?"
"Yes."
He peeled off her top running his hands along her smooth skin. She shivered as his touch sent electric charges through her body. Jason growled low happy to see her bra was front clasped. Even so he almost tore it off in his eagerness to free her breasts. She moaned as he fondled them.
Her hands suddenly came alive working the buttons of his shirt. Groaning he shed it and pulled her body against his finally feeling her skin against his. He kissed down her neck. His erection pressed painfully in his pants but he was determined to take care of her first.
Pulling down her jeans he laid her on the bed kissing down her heated body before removing them completely leaving her bare in front of him. Groaning with pleasure at the sight he kicked away the last of his clothes before joining her. Phoebe shivered at the sight of his erect member. It was her first time seeing one and she wasn't sure how it would fit in her.
He started at her feet slowly working up her toned legs caressing her smooth skin, gently stroking the bandage that remained as her injury healed. Every stroke sent tingles through her body. She moaned as he reached her thighs kissing them, caressing them. Phoebe couldn't believe how good it felt to be touched.
Jason hesitated as he reached her sweet-smelling entrance. He had overheard his warriors talk enough to know the basic idea and technique but he had never done it before. Lobo pressed against him mind urging him on until he finally ran his tongue through her moist folds. Phoebe gasped trying to jerk away in surprise but his hands held her hips in place as his tongue swirled around her clit still swollen from his earlier handling. Phoebe whimpered as he buried himself in her rich scent and worked deeper inside her. She moaned as a new wave of pleasure overcame her.
He hummed satisfaction and the vibration stimulated her even more.
Moving higher he finally reached her breasts sucking one as his hand returned to stimulating her core. Her hips grinded against his hand as his fingers worked inside her with somewhat practiced ease as his mouth moved to her other breast nipping her erect n****e. Her next climax made her writhe with pleasure.
Jason moved higher finally capturing her mouth. Her scent and moans were driving him mad. He waited for so long.
His tongue plunged into her mouth twisting around hers as he entered her slowly easing himself in. Phoebe moaned her body tensing at his entry.
Jason groaned, "Easy, angel. Relax."
Her body responded relaxing around him. Jason continued easing inside her until he was completely sheathed. He kissed her letting her body accommodate him. Many warned him a she-wolf's first time could be painful if he was too forceful.
When she seemed ready he pulled back before thrusting into her again. Phoebe moaned as he slowly increased his pace. Her back arched and her hips lifted to meet him as she rocked with his thrusts. She prayed he wouldn't stop as he found the rhythm he liked. Jason sucked on her marking spot causing mini explosions of pleasure to erupt through her.
"J-Jason!" she cried out as her body clenched and her next o****m rolled over her.
He groaned at the sound of his name. His body shuddered reaching its climax with hers and sending his release deep inside her. Jason growled satisfaction as he filled her with his essence and somewhat embarrassed he couldn't last longer. Phoebe moaned falling back trying to catch her breath.
Jason lay on top of her shuddering with the aftermath of his climax. Slowly he pulled out of her kissing her gently.
She whimpered as his body left hers.
"Shh. Angel," Jason whispered. "It's all right."
She drifted off to sleep as he stumbled to the bathroom. He returned with a warm washcloth and cleaned her lovingly wincing at the small amount of blood. It was another thing he was told to expect for a she wolf's first time but he hoped he hadn't hurt her. Tossing aside the cloth he crawled back into bed and took her into his arms before falling into contented sleep, his mate sound asleep in his arms.
###Chapter 27
Phoebe stirred. Her body felt heavy. She ached with a particularly odd sensation between her thighs. Her mind slowly stirred and memories filtered back to her: playing with the pups, meeting parents, the audience with Thomas and Katrina and then... Her eyes widened at the memory of what she and Jason had done. They didn't...
'Oh, you did, Máni hummed.
'This isn't funny!
I agree. What he did was quite serious. Didn't it feel amazing?
'But..
'No buts. This is what Mates do, sweetie. I know I should have made you watch some filthy movies once and a while!
What is he going to think of me after that?"
'He's going to wonder how he can convince you to let him do it all again!'
Phoebe felt herself warm with embarrassment.
I told you...this is what Mates do! Usually multiple times!
"Máni!'
"Well it's true.'
'It's not even night time!' Phoebe wasn't sure what time it was but she had been summoned to the office shortly after noon.
What does that matter? I'm surprised he didn't take us right there in the office. I suppose he wanted your first time to be special.'
'How am I even going to look at him again?'
'Even better...let him take you from behind. 'Máni!'
"Angel, you smell fantastic right now," Jason lazily stirred tightening his embrace. "Do you know you get a spicy note to your scent when you're aroused?" "D-do I?"
"Mhmm. I've always loved Indian food now I know why. It was all to stimulate my appetite for you."
Phoebe shivered. He nuzzled her nibbling her ear. The stimulation seemed to go right to her core and she felt herself tighten. He groaned and she felt his erection press against her back as the sweet undertone of his scent grew stronger. "Shall we keep going, angel?" he whispered just as there was a knock at the door. He growled at the interruption.
"What was that?" Phoebe asked.
"Just dinner. It's nearly six. I linked the cooks to bring something up and leave it at the door."
"Oh." Her stomach rumbled
"Seems my angel is hungry for something other than me,"
Jason chuckled kissing her. "We'll have to take care of that so I'm back at the top of the list."
"Jason?" Phoebe looked over her shoulder as he slipped out of the bed.
She caught sight of his ass as he ducked into the bathroom. Blushing she looked away trying not to picture his lean, muscular form.
'So yummy,' Máni sighed. I can't wait to meet his wolf! Phoebe tried to marshal her thoughts as Jason emerged.
He had slipped on a pair of sweats and was pulling on a t-shirt as he stepped out of the large closet. Studying him she couldn't help but picture him in all his glory. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Sensing her gaze Jason smirked. Phoebe blushed hiding her face in the pillow but that was soaked in his scent.
"You shouldn't be embarrassed, angel," Jason leaned over her turning her face to his and kissing her tenderly. "All of this belongs to you. You can undress me mentally or physically anytime."
"Jason!" she squeaked her blush growing fierce as he chuckled kissing her neck.
"My angel is so innocent, but I like that. I'm afraid I'd have to kill anyone who had been with you if that wasn't the case."
"Y-you wouldn't," Phoebe jerked away staring at him wide-eyed.
"An alpha is very possessive of his mate, angel. I wouldn't put anything past me. You have no idea what it takes to keep from hunting down your former mate and putting him out of your misery... and he didn't even touch you." ..Jason."
"Shh." He kissed her gently. "Don't defend him. Don't even think of him. Think about me instead."
Leaving her with a smile he went to retrieve their waiting meal before it got cold though he expected them to use hot plates to keep it all fresh. Phoebe hesitated a moment before she slipped out of bed. It felt strange to move and an odd wetness dribbled between her thighs. Ducking into the bathroom she used the shower to clean herself before wrapping up in a robe.
I should get dressed.
'Or just wear the robe,' Máni suggested. 'Our Mate will appreciate the view.
Ignoring her wolf Phoebe slipped into the closet. It seemed they were eating in so she didn't need to wear anything extravagant. Still unsure she selected a pair of shorts and a hoodie.
Stepping out she found Jason had wheeled a cart in from the hall. He arranged the dishes on the coffee table in front of the large couch and was uncorking a bottle of wine that was chilling in a bucket of ice.
"Wine?" Phoebe asked as he approached.
"Seems the kitchen wanted to make dinner as romantic as possible," Jason grinned pouring them glasses.
Like beer there were special werewolf wines blended with aconite to enhance the alcoholic stimulations but knowing their Alpha didn't enjoy such things the kitchen had chosen a human variety without the addition. They didn't want to be the reason his mood was ruined. "Romantic as possible?" Phoebe repeated her face suddenly going red. "Don't tell me...they know!"
He glanced at her raising a brow, "About what?"
"About what we did..."
"Their Alpha and Luna disappeared in the middle of the day and then request dinner in their room...I'm sure they have a fair idea what that means."
"Goddess!" Phoebe hid her face in her hands. How would she face any of them again?
"Angel," he chuckled embracing her and kissing her forehead. "It's fine. When Luke and Mona were first mated I didn't see him for two weeks. Ben and Lucille were even worse." Phoebe slowly relaxed.
"No one will blame their Alpha and Luna for wanting to take a day. I can't disappear for a week but a half a day won't be begrudged...besides it will comfort the pack." "Comfort?"
"We're still unmarked so their bond with you and yours with them is not complete. But the closer we are the more they will sense you through me."
"Right." She leaned against him as he nuzzled her.
"Now let's eat."
He led her to the couch and revealed the kitchen's hard work: beef stroganoff, green bean casserole, tossed salad and rhubarb crisp for desert. They enjoyed the meal with little conversation. Jason concerned himself with making certain she was satisfied. He was determined to increase her meals as much and as often as he could.
Hunger satisfied they sat together on the couch enjoying their close proximity. Jason held her letting her recline against his chest while she relaxed. His fingers slipped under her hoodie gently caressing her skin.
"So what do I normally smell like?" Phoebe dreamingly asked. She couldn't remember her stomach feeling so full.
"Lilac and sage."
"And it gets spicy when I'm...
"Mhmm." He nuzzled her catching the slightest hint of it now. His chest rumbled with pleasure.
Phoebe fell silent thinking about that. The lilac and sage she understood after all she spent a lot of time in her mother's herb garden but she couldn't stomach spicy foods. Her mother never used anything stronger than turmeric because of that. "What about me?" Jason asked.
"Dogwood and campfire," Phoebe answered, hesitating, " and when you're... stimulated you smell sweet, like roasted marshmallows."
"That's weird."
"Why?"
"I really don't like sweets, especially marshmallows."
"Well, I don't like spicy food," Phoebe snorted. "But my parents used to take me camping in the backyard all the time. My dad told stories while we made s'mores."
"So I smell like marshmallows which you love and you smell like spices which I love," Jason said.
"It's quite a coincidence."
"Is it?"
Phoebe fell silent.
"Is it really a coincidence that we would be fated mates and smell like each other's favorite things?"
Phoebe pondered that suddenly remembering something she had forgotten a long time ago, "Oh."
"What is it, angel?"
"When I first scented Graham and knew he was my mate he smelled like evergreen and chocolate. Neither one of those are my favorite. What do you suppose that means?" "That he didn't deserve you. And you shouldn't think about him anymore."
"Because I have you?"
"That's right, angel. You have me." He kissed her, nibbling her ear and working down her neck.
"I love you, Jason," Phoebe sighed.
"I love you, Phoebe. Shall I so you how much?"
"Yes. Show me."
Graham growled stirring from his drunken state in the middle of the abandoned cottage. At the moment he lay in what had been Phoebe's bedroom. Her scent had been strongest here but now was stale and fading.
Alpha Jason had not been joking when he instructed his pack to take everything. Every scrap of furniture, every shelf, even the fridge had been removed. There wasn't a trace that a wolf ever lived in the cottage. Except him and the beer cans that littered the floor. Every room was littered with cans evidence of his obsession since her departure. That day replayed in his mind endlessly as another alpha claimed what was his. As if that wasn't bad enough, Phoebe seemed to reciprocate calling out to Jason for comfort. Then before Graham knew whether she was all right Jason swept her away and took every last part of her with him. His parting words still burned in Graham's ears.
"She'll call my name as I fill her up."
Graham growled throwing a can through the window he broke the night before in a drunken fit. How dare that alpha touch what was his. Graham would make him pay and then he'd take back what belonged to him.
Suddenly his chest felt tight and he struggled to catch his breath. A burning sensation crawled out of the pit of his stomach bringing an acrid taste to his mouth. He convulsed emptying the scant contents of his stomach onto the floor. He managed to catch his breath only for a burning sensation to erupt through him like he was injected with pure wolfsbane. Graham clawed at his skin as the feeling trailed through his veins. Writhing on the ground he howled in pain. What's happening!
Mate is with him, his wolf whimpered vaguely.
Graham almost didn't recognize the voice. It had been years since Grim spoke to him, not since he marked Kristie So surprised by his wolf's response he didn't immediately register what was said. Suddenly he howled in rage. 'She's with him!'
His wolf whimpered.
Graham crumpled as the realization hit him. This was the pain of betrayal as she mated with someone else. Though he rejected her and marked another, his wolf still maintained a tenuous connection he had not known. Over the years she never took another male so he never felt anything through the bond though his betrayal cut her deep. Now he felt the pain she endured when he was with Kristie. It seemed like hours before the pain eased and he passed out again.
Michael found him still on the floor. Sneering at the dozens of cans littered around the alpha's prone form he hoisted up the unconscious body and hauled him to the packhouse. Reaching it Michael ordered a pair of omegas to follow him up to the alpha floor where he dumped the body into the tub instructing them to clean him up. They complied without a word.
"What's going on?" Kristie asked looking in and wrinkling her nose.
"Nothing to worry about, Luna," Michael answered
"He's drunk again."
"I'll handle it."
"Was he there again?"
"I said I'll handle it."
Scoffing she spun on her heels and disappeared. Michael sighed. Between his drunk Alpha and w***e Luna the pack was descending into chaos. Their patrols had stopped completely. In fact the warriors didn't even train anymore. Instead they lounged about ordering omegas around like barmaids. He'd had to lock up a few to sober them up after they tried to force themselves on the young she-wolves.
Paperwork wasn't getting done and proposals were lying in waste. As much as he and the gamma tried there was only so much they could get done without an alpha's authority.
The deterioration had been going on for years but increased quite recently and now he knew why.
When Graham returned to the pack announcing Kristie was his mate and Luna none of them questioned it. It wasn't until later Michael began to suspect Kristie was not his fated mate. By then she was already mated and marked.
###Chapter 28
Kristie had no interest in pack affairs and was unconcerned with the education and development of the pups. She ignored requests from the she wolves, especially the low and unranked. Kristie brought no sense of unity or cooperation. Instead she let resentments fester and the pack structure slowly broke down. Only one wolf held it together. She worked quietly behind the scenes. Others sought her out for advice and comfort.
Taking the pups' care onto herself she provided a place for them to belong and learn new skills. She even took in two orphans as if they were her own.
How could he have been so blind?
Kristie was not Luna material... Phoebe was.
Michael sighed. Despite her rejection, and it had to be a rejection, she carried on her duties even without a Luna's authority quietly knitting the pack's deteriorating bonds. But that was over as soon as Alpha Jason set foot on their territory.
No doubt he scented his mate immediately. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The BBQ had to have been the moment he finally saw her. Michael recalled how Phoebe briefly appeared before disappearing with the pups. Alpha Jason did a remarkable job keeping a low profile considering how long he had been looking from his mate. While he remained at the party Beta Luke had disappeared. Michael hadn't thought anything of it at the time but now he realized the visiting Beta had been sent to keep an eye on his packs Luna until Jason could claim her himself. He had been too distracted trying to keep Graham sober during Jason's visit to pay attention to the warning signs.
How was he supposed to keep the pack together now? His alpha was soused and their luna was an airhead. Neither one of them had any desire nor the ability to lead the pack.
Graham woke with a start shoving away the omegas trying to drag him to bed after cleaning him up. Growling dangerously he scared the pair away. They disappeared leaving Michael to handle the disorientated alpha.
"There is no more beer,' Michael said as Graham stumbled toward the fridge. "You drank it all." "Buy more."
"With what funds? The pack is broke."
"Get more."
"All of our businesses are in foreclosure because you've been too drunk to maintain them."
Graham spun around ready to fight but suddenly crumpled in pain. He sank to his knees unable to stand.
"What's wrong?" Michael asked.
"She's with him!"
Realization hit Michael. Graham's wolf never relinquished its bond and now he was feeling her betrayal as she mated with another. If his wolf was this obsessive to have maintained the bond there was no way to convince it to break it now. "Doc!" Michael opened his mindlink to the pack doctor.
"Beta?"
"How much wolfsbane would you need to temporarily break the bond of one's wolf?"
"That depends. For how long?"
"At least a few hours."
"Why would you need to?"
"It's for the Alpha."
"..I see. I'll be right there."
Michael waited until he heard the knock. Letting in the doctor they hesitated as their Alpha writhed on the floor.
Grimly the doctor prepared a syringe with a clear liquid.
Once ready he nodded to Michael. The Beta held down their Alpha as the doctor injected the syringes contents.
They stepped back as Graham snarled before falling silent.
He lay sprawled out on the floor. Breathing sighs of relief they watched as he lay passed out.
"How long will it last?" Michael asked
"I'm not sure how long he will stay out but his wolf should stay quiet for a couple hours...maybe."
"Only a couple?"
"Alphas have a much higher tolerance for wolfsbane than other wolves and he's been a heavy drinker for years. Given the disconnection between him and his wolf it's difficult to estimate how his recovery will be affected." "Let's just hope Alpha Jason decides to take it easy given it's his Luna's first time."
The doctor hesitated then asked, "Then it's true...Phoebe really was his mate...and should have been our Luna."
Michael nodded.
"I guess that makes sense. Certainly explains a few things."
"What do you mean?"
"Only that there always seemed to be a particular aura about her. It was calming. She wasn't like the other low ranking she-wolves." "You knew her well?"
"No. She came to the pack hospital regularly to visit her friend, a nurse. Betty, no Brittany. They were really close."
"Is that nurse still here?"
"No. She's gone. You didn't know? One of the Alpha Jason's warriors was her mate. She went with them."
"Hmm. He took those orphans she was caring for too," Michael sighed. "That means all her close bonds are with her in her new pack."
"Were you thinking of trying to lure her back?"
"The thought crossed my mind but Alpha Jason definitely isn't letting her out of his sight."
"Alphas are very possessive." The doctor shuddered with the memory of Jason's aura. "Especially ones like him."
"Fire! Fire!"
The panicked call stirred both of them to action. Leaving the unconscious alpha, Michael and the doctor darted outside and followed the link eventually coming to Phoebe's cottage or at least where it used to be. It was engulfed in angry flames. The flames had spread to the garden. The burning herbs added an odd aroma to the rising smoke. Standing in front of the conflagration was a proud Kristie.
Marching up to her Michael gripped her arm, "What did you do?"
"I took care of the problem," she smirked.
"Do you have any idea what this is going to do to him?"
"This is all that bitch's fault," Kristie huffed. "This pack is better off without her."
"She was the only one holding this pack together!" Michael growled
"Watch it Beta! I'm Luna!"
"You were never Luna!" Michael declared to the stunned pack members. "You've done nothing but tear this pack apart! And I will not protect you any longer! I renounce you as my Luna!"
He marched away from her toward the growing crowd.
"Get back here, Beta!" she ordered.
Her Luna aura washed over him without affect. The disconnect between her and the pack was too great. She had no power to make demands of them anymore.
"I said get back here!" she demanded but he ignored her.
"Get buckets now!" Michael ordered the other pack members. "We have to keep the fire from spreading. Let's
90!"
The pack members complied. Soon they made a baling brigade and splashed water along the perimeter of the fire keeping it contained as it slowly consumed itself.
After an hour it had burned itself down and the chances of spreading were minimal. Michael sent the majority of the pack to bed selecting a handful of warriors to guard and watch as the embers slowly died.
"You are going to pay for undermining my authority," Kristie growled as Michael continued to stand watch.
"What authority? You've squandered what little you had," Michael snorted. "You think those wolves you dragged to your bed did so because they were in love with you?
Abusing your authority is the surest way to lose it."
"Y-you..take that back."
"Truth hurts, doesn't it? You been here for years and never took the least bit interest in this pack. Well, now it's turning its back on you. And you have no one to blame but yourself." Before she could retort a howl of rage echoed around them.
Michael cursed under his breath. He had forgotten all about his alpha. Spinning he saw Graham bristling with rage bearing his fangs as his wolf fought for control.
S**
Michael looked to the pack doctor who shook his head. He didn't have another dose on him. Graham stumbled forward his gaze on the slowly dying flames. "What happened!" he demanded.
The pack members still gathered bared their necks but none dared to speak as his aura washed over them. It had been a long time since they felt his authority. "I said what happened?"
"I did what you didn't have the balls to do," Kristie declared tilting her nose up.
His rage filled gaze fell on her.
"You need to stop obsessing over that w***e. I'm your Luna remember?"
Before she said another word his hand shot toward her slashing open her throat. Wide-eyed in disbelief, Kristie crumpled to the ground like a puppet that had its strings out. "Graham you need to calm down," Michael said.
"Were you in on this too?"
"No! Of course not!"
Graham growled his wolf barely in check.
"Look, I'm sorry. Maybe if I'd been paying closer attention when you first brought Kristie here I would have realized... what's done is done. We have to focus on the pack now. We can still put it back together...and later...you can find a new Luna." "I already have a Luna!" Graham snarled.
"She's gone! She's been claimed by another! You can't challenge him..."
"Watch me!"
With a howl he suddenly shifted into his large, brown wolf.
Michael took a step back. It had been years since he saw his alpha's wolf. He barred his neck to the enraged alpha wolf. He certainly didn't want to be seen as a threat. With a snarl the wolf leapt off into the night.
Shit.
"Beta?"
"I need trackers! The best we got! Now! And someone dispose of this garbage," Michael scoffed at the Luna's torn body. His concern was for his Alpha and his pack. He didn't have time to worry about her. At least she couldn't do anymore damage.
###Chapter 29
Phoebe stirred. Her head rested on Jason's shoulder, her arm lay across his gently rising and falling chest. How many times had they mated? She lost count. Each time blended into the next. Her body ached from their long session but yearned for more. It was oddly "How are you feeling, angel?" Jason asked sensing she was awake.
contradictory but satisfying.
"What time is it?"
"Five. Pack should be stirring soon."
"That means we have to get up too."
"Or we can call it a vacation. I'm entitled."
"Is that any sort of attitude for an Alpha to take?"
"If it means spending the day with my beautiful Luna, why not?" Jason nuzzled her.
She tried not to laugh as she snuggled closer. His embrace tightened and she caught the scent of his arousal already stirring. She heard rumors of an alpha's stamina but he was truly insatiable though his lovemaking was tender. His concern was always for her satisfaction and comfort.
His kissed the top of her head, "What are you thinking about, angel?"
...So, last night, was you're first time?"
"Yeah. It was," Jason caressed her. He would never tire of the feel of her skin against his.
Angel?"
*It's just...Was it good for you?"
"I couldn't imagine a more perfect night," Jason kissed her forehead
She blushed as he pulled her close kissing her deeply. His warm scent surrounded her, teasing her, enticing her. She could feel her own need rising to answer his. Reluctantly she pulled away trying to collect herself. "We should.....get ready for the day."
He sighed, "My Luna is too studious."
"And my Alpha is spoiled."
He growled rolling over so she was under him, "Say that again."
"That you are spoiled?"
"The other part."
Her brow furrowed, "You mean when I said my Alpha?"
"That's the part," he leaned forward and kissed her. "I'm yours, forever."
"And I'm yours," she whispered.
"My angel." He rubbed noses with her, teasing and coaxing her.
"Well, your angel promised the pups she would teach them about herbs today. I can't disappoint them."
He growled but relented, "Your wish is my command, but know this luv, we will be continuing where we left off tonight."
"Promise?"
He kissed her again, "Promise."
Reluctantly he let her sit up. Phoebe groaned at her body's stiffness, carefully stretching. Worried he sat up massaging her shoulders and back. She leaned into his touched.
"Are you okay, angel?"
"Yeah. Just sore."
"I'm sorry. I should have been gentler."
"No." She sighed as his arms wound around her. "You were very gentle. It's just..."
"It was your first time," he nuzzled her. "I should have known better than to carry on so long."
There were some things even a werewolf's recovery rate couldn't completely combat. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Only time and activity would help her loosen her tightened muscles as well as acclimate her body to such activity. Right now there was only one other thing that might help her. "Wait here, angel," he kissed her temple before heading to the bath.
A few minutes later she heard the water running in the bath. Phoebe realized what he intended and smiled at his consideration. A warm soak did sound good and they still had some time. Returning to the bedroom he scooped her up and carried her. Phoebe laughed, "I can walk."
"Not while I'm here, angel."
Steam was already fogging the mirrors. Setting her on the edge of the bath he helped unwrapped her bandage to see her wounds were mostly healed and the stitches were ready to be removed. Jason frowned a moment before grabbing a small scissors and gently clipping the stitches out. He would accept the doctor's punishment but right now making Phoebe as comfortable as possible was his priority. Settling her down in the warm water, he joined her pulling her into his lap and gently washing her. Phoebe sighed leaning against him enjoying the trail of electricity his touch left along her skin. She smelled his arousal even before she felt his erection.
"It seems you have a one track mind," she said reaching back to caressing his cheek.
"It's because I'm touching you. I can hardly be blamed for that," Jason nipped her ear. "All that matters is making you comfortable. I can take care of that later."
'Or we can take care of it now, Máni suddenly suggested.
'Máni."
'What? Exercise will help loosen you up.
Phoebe stifled a laugh. Who knew her wolf would be so insatiable?
"What is it, angel?" Jason asked confused by her sudden mirth.
"Nothing. Just my wolf."
"Oh? Did she say something interesting?" Jason asked hoping to encourage her to speak more with her wolf to strengthen their bond.
During their extended love making session he noticed her gray eyes occasionally flashing silver a sure sign her wolf was close to the surface. A fact Lobo confirmed. Given his wolf linked hers without issue as well as the fact it communicated with Phoebe must mean it was emerging more often. Wolf or no wolf he loved her the same but for her sake he wanted her to be whole.
"She did."
"And what was it?"
Phoebe hesitated before she changed position straddling him not caring about the soreness of her injured leg as she positioned her core near his stiff member. Jason sucked in his breath realizing the danger of this position.
"My wolf said we should take care of your issue now."
"D-did she?" Jason's throat went dry. Was this really going to happen? "Angel?"
She leaned forward kissing him. His arms came around her caressing her but he didn't try to force her. She was in charge. Briefly she hesitated as she had never done this before.
'Relax, I'm here, Máni said. 'Trust me. I'm your instincts after all.'
Phoebe shifted position taking him into her. Jason groaned not breaking their kiss. Once she sheathed his length she followed Máni's gentle urges rocking back and forth finding her rhythm. Jason's hips moved with her thrusting upward to meet her as he matched her pace.
She moaned adjusting
and drawing out her pleasure.
She leaned back as her pace increased. Jason watched her in amazement as she pleasured herself on top of him. He thrust harder with her motion enjoying the sound of her satisfaction. Sucking on her b****t he felt her near her climax. Her body quivered and clenched around him milking him as he reached his release.
Phoebe slumped against him. He held her gently caressing her as she slowly recovered. Stirring, she shyly met his gaze asking, "Was that okay?'
She blushed. It amazed him she could still be embarrassed after their long night session.
"I told you, your wish is my command. I'm yours however you want me," Jason kissed her.
"I love you," she smiled.
"I love you."
***
"So the witch said if I didn't comply she would give me two heads...So I said make it three, I already have two," Luke said looking at Jason who had been staring at his computer screen for the last twenty minutes. "Earth to Jason...Jace? Hey!" Jason blinked coming out of his daze. Blinking he looked at his Beta and asked, "What was that?"
"Forget it" Luke sighed. "Did something happen between you and Phoebe? You're distracted but you don't seem upset like yesterday so it was something good, right?"-
After he escorted Alpha Thomas out Luke had returned to the office to find it abandoned. The lingering scent told him his Alpha and Luna had gotten rather heated in his absence. Given the conversation he and Jason had earlier he worried she had fled in fear and assumed Jason had gone after her to reassure her.
The pair didn't come down for dinner. He overheard the cooks talking about how the Alpha and Luna were having dinner together in their room. It gave Luke hope they resolved the issue amicably and were spending time strengthening their bond, perhaps watching a movie.
Luke still couldn't believe how she handled Thomas and Katrina. It was like poetry. Ben and Lucille asked him to repeat the story at least five times both lamenting they missed it. Even Norah applauded Phoebe's bravado.
Jason and Phoebe arrived at breakfast holding hands. He kissed her hand just as Blake and Emma ran up to them loudly greeting, "Mommy! Dad!"
Phoebe laughed and picked up Emma to rub noses. Jason followed suit with Blake. Since he mixed his blood with theirs to initiate them into the pack they carried a slight undertone of his scent. Ordinarily this would fade into the general pack scent but he strengthened it daily by rubbing his scent on them reminding all they were his acknowledged pups. His scent also made it easier for his wolf to accept the pups as his own though Lobo didn't seem to have any difficulty in that area, anything to please their Luna. For her part Phoebe was delighted they were officially hers.
They carried the pups back to the table where they had been eating under Norah's watch. Jason set Blake down and retrieved plates for himself and Phoebe piling hers high intent on increasing her meals any time he could.
They chatted easily with Norah about the Luna Ceremony.
Lucille joined the conversation asking all sorts of questions about her preferences. Phoebe laughed at her sister-in-law's eagerness.
Everything seemed fine so Luke allowed himself to relax Now Jason sat at his desk distracted. Perhaps the Beta dropped his guard too soon.
"I mean, you and her are good, right?"
"She said she loves me"" Jason said after a moment.
"What!" Luke jerked to attention. "She said what?"
"She said she loves me," Jason couldn't control the smile on his face if he tried. Lobo ran circles in his mind practically giddy.
"This calls for a drink," Luke stood going to the liquor cabinet as he linked Ben to join them.
He selected a bottle of whiskey and three glasses bringing them to the coffee table and gestured for Jason to join him. Ordinarily he would have ed but this time he acquiesced and sat down while Luke poured the drinks. Luke handed him a glass just as Ben arrived.
"What the hell? I rushed over here because you said it was important and I find you drinking?"
"We're not drinking," Luke handed him a glass. "Were celebrating."
"Celebrating what?"
"Phoebe said she loves me."
"Damn," Ben sank into a chair. "When?"
"He was just getting to that. So spill it. Tell us everything.
Did she say it last night?"
"No, this morning... after we..mated."
"After what?"
"After we mated," Jason repeated his face blushing deep.
"Way to bury the lead!" Ben said slapping his shoulder.
"I'm going to need another drink," Luke announced.
"So tell us," Ben insisted. "After Alpha Thomas left you two disappeared. What happened?"
"I couldn't help myself," Jason said. "The way she handled them both all while she was sitting in my lap...Goddess she was just too damn sexy."
"Luke said it was a sight to behold," Ben nodded. "Sorry I missed it."
"I thought I was going to die trying to hold in my laughter,"
Luke chuckled.
"You and me both," Jason joined him.
"And we weren't the only ones. Thomas's escort was practically shaking from holding it in."
"So what happened after?" Ben asked after they had their laugh.
"Once we were alone... thought I was going to eat her alive I was so turned on."
"It smelled like it got pretty heated," Luke nodded. "Did she... get scared with all of that attention?"
"No, the opposite," Jason shook his head.
"Opposite?" Ben repeated with a smile. "So you two didn't disappear because she was upset...you disappeared to...
finish."
A pink tinge warmed Jason's cheeks as his Beta and Gamma laughed. Both had been mated for awhile so they understood what it was like in the beginning. It was overwhelming and overrode just about everything. They certainly wouldn't fault their Alpha for succumbing especially given how carefully Jason had been romancing his Luna.
"So... in other words it was a very good night," Ben said. "We should have known when you had dinner delivered."
"She...was too self-conscious to go down to the dining hall.
Ben raised an eye brow. Knowing it wasn't just Phoebe's first time but also Jason's the Gamma doubted it was only her who was self-conscious. This was all new to Jason but he seemed to be doing well for himself without assistance. "So you had dinner together. And?"
"And we talked and...other things. And this morning she told me she loves me."
"What's going on in here?" Lucille asked as she entered without knocking. "Drinking before noon?"
"We're celebrating," Ben said as she sauntered in and sat on his lap taking his drink for herself. "Celebrating what?"
"Our Luna told our Alpha she loves him," Ben said.
"And they are mated," Luke added nearly causing Lucille to spit out her drink.
"Seriously!" Lucille exclaimed staring at her brother who blushed deeper. "I thought there was something different about you! So my celibate brother finally managed to seal the deal."
Jason scowled at her. Both of them had chosen to wait until they found their fated mates because of their mother.
Lucille was lucky her mate was a member of their own pack even if she was slow to realize it. Jason's mate had been much harder to find but he refused to accept any other which had led to more than one argument with their father over the years. "Well, this is a day worth celebrating," Lucille held up her glass and downed it.
###Chapter 30
"Favorite color?"
"Blue."
Phoebe chuckled, "That's a little cliché."
Jason smiled loving the sound of her laughter as he entwined his fingers with hers, "Maybe, but I'm leaning more toward silver these days."
They lay together enjoying each others company after a passionate session. It seemed their appetite for each other was becoming insatiable. Her reactions thrilled him pushing him to explore more of her. "What about you?"
"Green."
"Really?"
"It's calming and it's the color of spring and life."
"It suits you."
"Thank you," Phoebe sighed snuggling closer.
Jason growled appreciation as her body pressed against his with nothing separating them. His hand caressed her curves enjoying her bare skin under his touch. It was amazing such simple actions brought his immediate arousal. "Jason, you are incorrigible," Phoebe chuckled
"You can hardly blame me when such a beautiful she wolf is lying in my arms smelling as delicious as you," he whispered against her neck where her scent was the strongest.
"I suppose it's a good thing you don't need encouragement since I don't have any experience with that."
Jason paused pulling back to look at her, "You know I waited...Do you know why?"
Phoebe shook her head. She sensed there was a story but had been too embarrassed to ask in case it was personal.
"It's because of my mother," Jason explained. "She and my father were fated mates. They tell you meeting your fated mate is supposed to be magical, right?"
Phoebe nodded. Her parents told her the same thing.
Meeting her fated mate had been anything but magical and she almost ruined meeting her second chance because of it.
"Well, my parents' first meeting was one to remember," Jason sighed. "My father didn't wait for his fated mate. He actually had several relationships with various she wolves in his pack and other packs. His most consistent partner was a Biue Moon warrior named Blanche."
He paused and Phoebe waited for him to continue when he was ready.
"Anyway, a friend and ally of his had his Alpha Ceremony so my father attended and brought Blanche with him as a sort of bodyguard and for...other things. While they were there they ducked into a bathroom for...a quickie...and while Blanche was...satisfying my father...my mother walked-in on them." Phoebe gasped.
Jason kissed her forehead, "Yeah. My mother was the daughter of the pack's Gamma but spent a lot of time at her mother's pack with her maternal grandparents who were betas. So she and my father hadn't ever met until that moment. Of course my mother's eyes went right to the she-wolf going down on my father and immediately felt the pains of his betrayal."
Jason paused remembering the hurt in his mother's eyes when she told him the story.
"She ran out of the room. My father knocked Blanche over trying to follow. He didn't even know my mother's name, her pack, nothing. He caught up to her and convinced her to give him another chance. She refused to go with him immediately because she didn't want to travel in the same vehicle as Blanche. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. So my father returned home and waited. My mother arrived about a week later and he introduced her to the pack as his mate and Luna. His parents were thrilled and so was the pack, aside from a few. About a week or so later, while my father was busy negotiating with another pack, Blanche and two others attacked my mother." Phoebe stiffened shocked by the idea wolves would actually attack their Luna.
"My mother was the daughter of a gamma and had beta blood so she had plenty of training. Against three trained warriors she held her own as long as she could. They might have killed her if my dad's Gamma hadn't arrived in time.
"Needless to say my father was furious when he saw his Luna in the hospital and when he learned who did it he flew off the handle. He marched down to the cells where the she-wolves were imprisoned. He gave them three choices if they wanted to live: one submit to their Luna; two, transfer to another pack or; three, he would banish them to be rogues."
Phoebe caressed his arm sensing his disquiet and wanting to sooth him. Jason sighed closing his eyes and submitting to her presence.
"They chose to submit. My mom had her Luna Ceremony and for awhile it was fine except after that day my mother insisted on two guards at all times, hand-picked by her. I can't imagine what my father thought knowing his Luna didn't feel safe in her own pack because of him. But that was her condition for staying. Not long after she became pregnant with me. She was almost five months along when Blanche attacked her a second time...this time with a silver knife."
Phoebe shuddered looking at him. Werewolf pregnancies generally only lasted six months so he had been nearly to term when his mother was attacked. The silver could have killed them both. Jason grimaced at the concern shimmering in her eyes. "If it weren't for her bodyguards, we would almost certainly have died," Jason said. "My father was away for an alpha meeting. When he returned and learned what happened he flew into a rage. According to his Beta he didn't even let Blanche say two words before he broke her neck with such force he nearly ripped her head clean off. But the damage was done. My mother never fully trusted my father nor any members of the pack after that. They were never able to properly bond with her." Phoebe bit her lip.
"I never wanted my mate to go through that. And I'll never regret waiting for you. You are perfect, my angel."
Phoebe propped herself up so she could looked at him.
Sympathy and concern shimmered in her eyes as if feeling his pain and disappoint from decades ago. Jason smiled.
He loved that about her. Despite her rejection her heart was open and ready to share his every hurt and insecurity. Smiling he pulled her close kissing her deeply.
"You don't have to worry, angel," he nuzzled her. "It's been years."
"But it still hurts," Phoebe said her hand resting on his chest. "Time doesn't make pain go away. It just buries it a little deeper."
Jason grimaced. She wasn't wrong. After hearing his mother's story he resented his father for many years and used Blanche as ammunition whenever they argued. It didn't help that many of their arguments were about Jason's abstinence.
***
Outside the patio was strung with blue and white Christmas lights and paper lanterns. His mother had wheeled out the old piano and amused herself by playing dance songs for the younger pups until their bedtime. Later they would rely on the sound system to play songs from a playlist for the older pups and adults.
Though it was his birthday, Jason stepped out from the packhouse alone to accept the pack's congratulations.
Ignoring the she-wolves eager for his attention he spent most of the night with his sister, Luke and Ben. Halfway through the night his father took him aside.
"Aren't you going to ask any of these fine ladies to dance?"
"I have no reason to."
"Now son, it isn't polite to ignore such beauties."
"None of them are as beautiful as my mate."
"Oh? You've met her?" his father was confused.
A wolf could scent their mate as soon as both awakened
Since alpha's awakened early it was usually several years before they found their mates. All the she wolves at the party were from neighboring packs so Jason met most of them already. "Not yet but I know she's out there."
"Well.yes," his father sighed, disappointed. "It's not good for a young virile male to ignore such fine she wolves. It's okay to explore while you're young. How else will you know what you like?" "Like you did with Blanche?"
His father's mouth dropped, "How did you...your mother."
"Embarrassed? You should be."
His father growled warning but Lobo was already on guard.
Jason's wolf practically laughed at their father's attempt to be intimidating.
"How could you do that to her?"
"I didn't... visited that pack a dozen time before and never scented her. She was always visiting her maternal grandparents. If I had known.../ wouldn't have...It was a mistake."
*A mistake? So what is your excuse for keeping that slut around after you found your mate?" Jason challenged. * She even attacked and almost killed her once and you didn't think she would try again? She almost killed both me and mom! Was that a mistake too?" His father bowed his head no doubt being berated by his own wolf. Because of his father's actions they had almost lost their mate. Though their mate lived she refused to have any intimacy with them going as far as to isolate herself during her heat cycles rather than seek him out. Lucille's conception and birth was practically an accident as Norah's heat coincided with a large celebration and she failed to recognize the warning signs.
"I won't make your mistakes."
"And how will you know what you like?" his father asked. "
What will you tell your mate?"
Jason snorted, "What I like? Tell me, since you like blow jobs so much how often has mother done that for you?"
His father's face grew bright red as Jason walked away.
***
That was only the first of several arguments. Jason was sure his father probably pleaded with his mother to talk to him and explain what had happened but she had already done that. She was not going to make any excuses for his father's behavior. She also saw no reason to convince Jason to change his mind if he wanted to wait for his mate.
Though his mother never said as much, Jason suspected the event traumatized her more than she let on. Even after Blanche was disposed of Norah maintained her guards and insisted on a guard for Jason when he was a toddler.
Jason never understood why there was always a large warrior around until much later. She also maintained a separate bedroom.
His father struggled to be in her good graces giving her gifts of every sort: flowers, chocolates, jewelry, but he could never give her what she really wanted...to go back in time before they had met and do things differently. The forced separation from his mate definitely had an effect on his father as the years progressed.
He lost weight as well as authority. It became more obvious after Jason gained his wolf. As Lobo grew stronger and more dominant his father's withdrew even more.
Werewolves aged slowly but Jason's father seemed to age every day before finally succumbing. It was painful to see a once powerful alpha waste away in his bed but Jason had become bitter waiting for his own mate and didn't have sympathy to spare on a father he gave up on.
Thinking back on it now Jason supposed he should have taken the opportunity to find some closure. But he let the moment slip away. Even though his mother had distance herself in life she was at his father's bedside until the end as was Lucille. Their father had showered her with affection treating her like his princess and guarded her closely from any males that tried to get her attention.
Phoebe stroked his cheek stirring him from his thoughts.
She gently smiled as if knowing his pains. Jason stared at her. Phoebe had been rejected by her first mate. He had been told it was like having ones heart ripped out. How could she survive and still have such an open heart ready to take on another's pain while hers lingered?
Pulling her close he kissed her deeply. She responded by grinding against him and his nostrils flared with the scent of her arousal. Growling he tightened his embrace and rolled them over so she was under him. She was so warm, loving and perfect. "Angel..."
"Shh." Phoebe caressed his face. "Whatever mistakes your father made...he was proud of you for being better than him. I'm sure of it."
Jason groaned capturing her mouth fiercely. He needed her.
He needed her to heal him as he longed to heal her. He would give everything to erase her past. Phoebe moaned welcoming his hunger and possessive need. Her body welcomed him as he thrust inside her. Her back ached and her hips rose to meet his. She rocked with him wanting him deeper.
"Angel," he groaned, "tell me what you need."
"..Faster..harder.."
Growling his pace increased.
"...My angel."
'Have him mark us, Máni suddenly spoke. What? But...
'He needs to mark us now!'
"Jason," Phoebe moaned clinging to him. "M-mark me."
"What?" his surprise almost made his pace falter.
"Mark me. Mark me now."
He groaned as his face dipped low nipping at her marking spot, "Are you sure?"
"Yes."
Phoebe cried out his name as his teeth sunk into her neck.
Her body suddenly seemed charged with lightning as the bond snapped into place binding them. He licked the wound clean with a groan.
'Now him! Mark him!' Máni desperately cried.
Phoebe sank her teeth into his neck and felt him shudder as the bond completed its connection and they reached their climax together. Lazily she licked his wound clean before both fell into contented sleep completely spent.
###Chapter 31
"Jason...Jason!"
He grunted jerking awake as the voice intruded. Beside him Phoebe slept. A half-moon shaped mark on her neck was still red and slightly inflamed. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. It would heal quickly leaving only a perfect pink scar. Jason leaned close breathing deep. Her lilac and sage scent was stronger than ever but now also carried an undertone of dogwood. Now that she was marked she would carry his scent regardless of how often they were together. She was truly his and only his.
"Jason."
He sighed, "Yeah, ma."
"Finally! 've been calling and calling."
"I was asleep. It's not even...six yet."
"Yes and you are usually up by five."
"So I slept in a day. I'm entitled."
"That's not the point. I almost woke Phoebe to find you."
"Don't. It was a big night."
"What does that mean?"
"I'll tell you when I see you. Are you in the kitchen?"
"Of course."
"I'll be out in a moment."
Jason slowly disengaged from Phoebe careful not to wake her. He stood and stumbled suddenly light-headed. Placing a hand on the wall he paused as he regained his equilibrium. His mind was swirling. It almost felt like he was drunk though he hadn't imbibed a thing except her.
Lobo remained oddly silent as if in a deep sleep, almost as deep as when he was still dormant.
Making his way to the bathroom Jason splashed water on his face to try to drive the vestiges of sleep away. Relieving himself he ducked into the closet for sweats before stepping out. Phoebe still slumbered as he checked her once more burying his nose in her thick mane of brown hair and breathed deep before stepping out and heading to the kitchen where his mother enjoyed her customary tea. "Mom."
"Morning sweetie. What's that?" "What?"
Norah was on her feet in an instant pulling his arm and turning aside his head to get a good look at the red mark on his neck. Jason grimaced.
"You're marked!" she exclaimed.
"...Yeah. That's what mates do."
"Jason! You were supposed to wait until the Luna Ceremony! It's tradition!"
"A tradition I never liked," Jason leaned against the counter.
"Other mates mark themselves in private but I'm an alpha so it has to be a spectacle?"
Norah frowned. Jason had always been private by nature.
Though everyone knew of his longing for his fated mate, no one knew the lengths he went to ensure that when she was found she would never feel insecure or wonder about his devotion. From the way he organized the closet to the way he arranged for a private room for her to explore her hobbies whatever they might have been, everything was made ready for her.
Currently that room was undergoing renovations to be turned into a library a fact that everyone struggled to keep secret from Phoebe. Jason sacrificed a lot for his pack but his dedication to his Luna was not something he would ever compromise. "Besides, you know Phoebes self-conscious about all of this."
"Yes, I know." Norah sighed.
Phoebe was everything Norah hoped for in Jason's mate.
She was intelligent, kind, strong and gentle. But she also bore deep scars from her rejection. Whether Phoebe knew it or not she had built walls to protect herself opening up to very few. Jason patiently scaled those walls and was now busy taking them apart brick by brick. Norah couldn't be prouder with how much care he showed his Luna. And part of that stemmed from his desire not to repeat his father's mistakes. Jackson had been a strong alpha and a devoted mate, in his way. He never betrayed her once they were together but their first meeting was not an image she could forget.
What hurt more was the fact he kept the she wolf around While Norah usually remained at home Blanche traveled with Jackson when he attended meetings. Whenever she brought it up hed only shrug and said Blanche was a good warrior. She never felt the pains of betrayal so she knew he was faithful despite the fact Blanche flaunted their private time together.
Norah still recalled one meeting in particular that had been held at their pack. The visiting alphas and lunas had been surprised to learn Jackson found his fated mate. Several shot her sympathetic looks clearly believing he was cheating on her. It was almost as if she was the mistress rather than his Luna.
Ashamed she had taken the only revenge available to her and shunned his romantic advances. She made herself a private bedroom and refused to share his bed, even going as far as to contact their pack doctor to find a means of alleviating heat pains medically. Denied access to his mate Jackson flew into raging fits followed by depression. Norah waited for the betrayal pains but they never came. Jackson remained faithful.
It was Blanche who lost her patience in the end. If the warrior had simply challenged Norah for her title it would have been one thing. She was confident she could hold her own in a fair fight but Blanche never played fair. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The warrior incited two of Jackson's previous partners to attack their Luna together, nearly killing her if not for the gamma's intervention she certainly wouldn't have survived.
Jackson, or rather his wolf, flew into a rage upon hearing of it. At the time Norah had been surprised he even left Blanche behind since he always took her on his trips. Only later did she learn his Beta convinced him to do so. Apparently the beta overheard several wolves talking about how much they pitied Norah because of how he flaunted his affair in front of her. Only then did Jackson begin to understand the image he created by keeping Blanche close.
For the first time he left the warrior behind and it was enough to incite Blanche to seek revenge on her Luna.
Norah still remembered how potent Jackson's anger was the day he found her in the hospital, under guard, as she recovered from the attack. After hearing the story he rushed to the cells to deal with her attackers. She thought he was going to kill them. It would have been better if he did.
Instead he let them live and stay in the pack without further punishment as if a few nights in a cell were punishment enough.
After that day she lost faith in him. Once she was out of the hospital she hand-selected two guards from the elite warriors making them swear loyalty to her above all, including their Alpha. She refused to go anywhere without them. She neither trusted her mate nor her pack. Discord wormed its way into the packs unity, weakening their bonds. Jackson begged and pleaded for her to reconsider.
She gave him two options: one, banish her attackers from the pack or; two, reject her and take his slut as his chosen mate instead.
He refused both options and they proceeded with the Luna Ceremony but it had been a joyless affair much to his parents' disappointment. Norah knew her duties and preformed them but she allowed herself to feel no love for the pack biding its time to kill her. Jackson needed an heir and she complied but no amount of coaxing on his part awakened her passion. Her wolf, in pain from denying their mate bond, agreed with her.
The only love she and her wolf allowed themselves to feel was for the pup growing within. It was their only joy and even that was almost taken away. Once her pregnancy was confirmed Jackson doted on her desperately trying to build the bridge he burned and Norah was very close to accepting him again, even considered getting rid of her bodyguards. Thank Goddess she didn't.
Blanche came at her again this time with a silver blade intent on not just killing her but the pup as well. Norah was five months along, almost full term, if not for her guards who knew how the attack would have played out. Nearly losing his mate for a second time as well as his pup Jackson's wolf took over completely and killed Blanche without hesitation. But it was too little too late. Norah's faith was gone. Only her pup mattered.
All the love she denied her mate was given to Jason. She doted on him and raised him carefully as well as Lucille whose birth was quite the shock and the result to an unfortunate combination of alcohol, passion and her heat.
By the time Jason was ten the pack's bonds were beginning to fray. Infighting was becoming commonplace.
Sometimes it seemed like they were all dancing on a powder keg. Without his mate Jackson's wolf deteriorated and Jackson himself seemed to age faster than normal.
When Jason's wolf awakened on his fourteenth birthday the wolf was already dominant. At age seventeen it was clear Jason already eclipsed his father and the pack bonds began to knit around him. Jason took on more and more duties further solidifying his rank and drawing in the pack as only a true Alpha could. There was only one thing missing...his Luna.
An Alpha could unify a pack but only a Luna could bring a sense of belonging. Two sides of the same coin but incomplete until they were together. Jason had faith his fated mate would be his perfect match and he was determined not to make his father's mistakes. So he searched and waited accepting no others in her place.
There certainly was no shortage of she wolves vying for his attention. Females were naturally attracted to strong males.
Jason turned them all away. Jackson worried his son was Tonus.
He was putting too much pressure on himself, and Jason did not appreciate his advice. Just as there was a disconnect between Jackson and Norah there was also a disconnect between father and son. It was a wound neither managed to heal before Jackson's inevitable passing. Jason hadn't even bothered to say good-bye. Norah and Lucille attended Jackson's final moments without him.
Lucille had been torn apart by her father's passing.
Jackson doted on her like a princess so they shared a strong bond. She probably still didn't understand the gulf that existed between Jason and their father.
***
Norah sighed pushing away her thoughts. Jason was pensive and probably thinking over the same memories as she was. He had waited so long to find his mate but from what Norah saw Phoebe was worth the wait.
The pack had been reluctant to accept her fearing a repeat of their previous Alpha and Luna's tepid relationship. Norah was quite certain Phoebe had no idea what the reason was behind the cool welcome if she noticed at all. Regardless she quickly won the hearts of her new pack with not only her motherly tendencies but her fiercely protective nature.
Her first day with her new pack Phoebe ran to help an omega without hesitation. She leapt to the other's defense retaliating against Katrina in spectacular fashion. Whether the pack realized it or not, in that moment they were officially put on notice: their Luna was among them.
As much as the pack tried to remain aloof her influence seeped into their bond. A new sense of calm and reassurance pervaded their wolf souls. It was like a shift in gravity. Instead of revolving around a single star: their Alpha, they now revolved around two. Norah sensed and saw Phoebe's insecurity though she was good at hiding it. Perhaps due to her low rank in her former pack, or maybe her rejection, Phoebe doubted her ability to lead despite being a natural. Norah saw it again when Phoebe visited the daycare. She helped the she wolves reorganize supplies and the space to create areas for certain activities: reading in one corner, arts and crafts in another, a place for schooling and a mat for games and napping.
Prior to her arrival the she-wolves largely let the pups free-play with occasional attempts to educate them using workbooks some ten years old. Phoebe created a daily lesson plan for the she-wolves to follow. The pups now had designated times during the day when they would follow lessons, reading time, snacks and nap time, as well as free-play. She ordered new, up-to-date workbooks with various ages in mind as well as requested a set of computers and educational software. Even without her Luna authority and influence Phoebe's higher education and expertise would have given her all the necessary clout to make the changes she desired.
Werewolves didn't often seek education beyond primary school but Norah had already heard several now discussing the possibility applying to the pack for financial aid to allow them to attend college courses.
Jason was going to have to put serious thought into some sort of scholarship program and standardize a method for pack members to apply for educational funds. Norah knew he had been playing with the idea for awhile but if he wanted to keep up with his Luna he would have to implement it soon.
Human financial aid was unavailable to werewolves, vampires, fae and other supernatural species, another reason wolves generally didn't seek higher education.
Though packs were often quite well-off individual wolves rarely had more wealth than the average human a fact most humans didn't understand. However, that also meant there was plenty of opportunity for packs to support their members and there was no reason not to aid their educational goals.
###Chapter 32
Phoebe had more than enough clout to inspire and encourage her new pack. Wherever she led they would follow. Jason's devotion ensured theirs and it would only grow stronger now that she was marked. Norah had wanted Jason to wait until the Luna Ceremony because it would cement her bond with the pack. The effect would be even more dramatic under the full moon.
But she understood his aversion to displaying such intimate actions in public.
What was done was done. Phoebe's bond with the pack was firmly in place and her influence would grow. It would be gradual like a wave rolling into the shore as opposed to a tidal wave. In the long run perhaps this was for the best. Norah had no doubt Phoebe would heal the pack's strained bonds. She was the Luna they needed.
"I know you don't like public spectacles," Norah finally said.
"But you know this pack has been suffering for a long time.
Your father and I...we never connected. Part of the blame can certainly be laid at her father's feet but it can also be laid at mine."
Jason growled. As far as he was concerned the fault lay with his father. He didn't see any reason for her to take the responsibility on herself.
"If not for me the pack would have welcomed Phoebe with open arms the moment she arrived."
"Mom."
"Phoebe is the Luna this pack has been desperate for.
She'll heal them in more ways than they know... and she'll heal you too."
"Mom, I don't need healing."
"Yes. Yes you do." Norah stared at him knowingly. "I still have your father's letter. It's on my desk waiting for you."
"There is nothing he could say that I would want to hear."
Norah sighed. Jason refused to see his father right up to the end. Not even Lucille's begging and pleading stirred him. Jackson had been too weak to hold a pen so dictated his final words to Norah for her to give to Jason. Yet he had never asked to see it and even threatened to burn it if she ever dared give it to him.
"I called you because I felt something odd in the pack's bond but since you and Phoebe marked each other...the explanation is obvious."
Jason nodded. Once marked Phoebes rank in the pack was cemented. Her influence within would be more pronounced and the pack would lean on her for comfort. He only hoped it wouldn't be too overwhelming.
"I hope this won't keep her in bed all day. We planned to make brownies with the pups."
"Brownies?"
"Yes. Phoebe's been spending most of her time in the daycare. I think she's familiar with most all of the pups and their families now and she's completely reorganized it from a glorified babysitting facility to a full-blown preschool." Jason smiled. Ben had given him reports and handed him Phoebe's special requests. He approved them all letting her work with an unlimited budget to put her new syllabus in place. Nothing was too much. Suddenly he frowned. "What is it?" Norah asked.
"I think Phoebe's waking up."
"You better go to her. She might be disorientated at first."
Not only could an Alpha's aura be overpowering a Luna's bond to the pack was just as strong. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. For a wolf who came from lower ranks it could all be overwhelming to be inundated with the pack's most intimate needs. Grimacing Jason nodded and retreated to his room without delay.
There he found Phoebe still in bed. She sighed contentedly with her nose pressed into his pillow. Chuckling he slipped back into bed and pulled her into his embrace. She snuggled into him with a smile.
"I take it you are feeling good this morning?" he asked.
"Mhmm," she sniffed.
"You smell a little like sage now."
"Of course I do. When mates mark each other they take some of each other's scent so everyone knows they belong to each other."
"I like it."
"Me too, angel."
"What time is it?"
"Quarter after six."
"Oh!" Phoebe stiffened jerking awake. "I promised the pups we'd make brownies."
"So I heard. We can steal a few more minutes though."
"Hmm. A few more minutes with you usually becomes an hour."
Jason laughed, "Can you blame me? When I have the world's more gorgeous she-wolf as my mate?" Phoebe blushed, "I'm not..."
He silenced her with a kiss and whispered, "Yes angel, you are."
***
"You wanted to see me, Alpha?"
"Yes, come in Garrison," Jason nodded as the warrior hesitantly entered.
Garrison was young, several years younger than Jason, so they had minimal contact during school and training. He was certainly not lacking in physique nor looks with sandy colored hair and hazel eyes. In fact Jason would have been jealous considering his own brown hair and eyes were rather ordinary.
There was only one reason Katrina would have rejected such a mate and that was based solely on rank. But even that did not answer all of Jason's lingering questions. After all, Katrina was the daughter of an alpha and Thomas's only heir. He would have accepted any mate of hers as his successor. She would still have been Luna to one of the most powerful packs in the world. Which meant her true obsession was not rank but Jason himself. The thought made him uncomfortable.
"Alpha?" Garrison approached the desk with a note of anxiousness tempered by confusion and curiosity pulling Jason from his wandering thoughts.
"Have a seat," Jason leaned back in his chair. "It has come to my attention...that you were Katrina's fated mate."
Garrison paused midway through the motion of sitting. He glanced nervously at Luke and Ben both comfortably seated on the couch before plopping into the chair and answered, "Yes Alpha."
There was no need to ask how Jason found out. It was no secret Alpha Thomas and Katrina had unexpectedly visited and left just as suddenly. Jason had waited a day to consider what he should do with his recently gained knowledge. "I won't ask you about the rejection," Jason said. "If you wanted to tell us about that you would have by now. What I do want to ask...did your rejection have anything to do with the dangerous assignments you volunteered for?" Garrison hesitated. Jason wasn't using his alpha tone so answering was wholly voluntary but he knew better than to lie. With a sigh he said, "I guess.. figured if my mate didn't want me there wasn't any reason for me to stay around." "And now?"
"The Goddess granted me a second chance," Garrison said.
"She means everything to me, her and our pup."
Jason's mouth twitched with a smile. If not for the fact Phoebe was in his life he would have been jealous. Finally he said, "I wish you would have spoken up sooner. We could have helped, supported you at least. Rejection is no simple thing for a wolf to recover from."
Garrison nodded. He had been far too embarrassed.
Besides Katrina made it no secret she wanted Jason for her mate. Thankfully Jason hadn't been interested but it still hurt to compare himself to his own Alpha and find himself lacking.
"What exactly would you have done if I did take Katrina for my mate?"
Luke snorted a laugh and Ben sputtered out his drink exclaiming, "You got to warn someone when you're going to make a joke like that!"
"Ignore them," Jason shook his head as Garrison gave him a curious look. "Well?"
"...l kind of assumed I wouldn't be around by then?"
Jason sighed. He guessed he wasn't surprised by that answer but he hated to think he could have lost one of his pack members like that. Finally he said, "There is one more thing I need to discuss with you." "Alpha?"
"I want to make a special protection detail for Phoebe.
Members of it will be exempt from regular patrol work but they're training load will be doubled. Their sole concern will be Phoebe's security both here on pack grounds and when she travels: shopping trips, excursions into the woods, pack meetings, everything." Garrison's interest piqued as soon as Jason mentioned his Luna. He didn't mind going on patrols but ensuring the Luna's safety was a major concern. Blue Moon was one of the oldest packs and therefore had a long list of enemies and rivals. As a warrior Garrison didn't know much about the political landscape of the wolf packs but he knew enough to stay out of it.
"Considering your achievements as well as your training you would make a good choice for the lead position of this detail..."
"Yes Alpha!" Garrison said. His eagerness made Jason raise a brow at his sudden fervor. "I mean, I would gladly accept such an honor."
I was going to say you are a good choice for squad leader provided your mental state is stable. I don't want a loose cannon with a death wish guarding my Luna."
"Of course, Alpha. I promise I would never do anything to endanger the Luna's life. Would I...could I select my own team?"
Jason considered the request. Originally he planned to choose the warriors himself but it occurred to him Garrison may have better insight. It was the nature of warriors to form bonds of camaraderie with each other and share information with each other that never reached their commanders' ears. As such Garrison would have a good idea who in the ranks had the most dedication to their Luna as well as who would work best together.
"Yes," Jason said after a moment. "The detail will consist of six to start. They will also be expected to ensure the safety of our pups...both adopted and...conceived."
Garrison nodded. He met Blake and Emma when he dropped his own pup at the pack daycare. Despite being orphaned at such a young age both seemed well-adjusted and happy no doubt due to the Luna's care and attention. It was clear the pups had already firmly won the former luna's heart as well. Like everyone else, Garrison hadn't expected Jason to go as far as to officially adopt the orphans but it was nice to see a gentler side to their Alpha.
"Alpha...if I may ask..." Garrison hesitated knowing it was dangerous to question his alpha, "our Luna...you, you won't reject her, right?"
"What!" Jason snapped growling low. His eyes swirled amber as Lobo pressed forward.
"I don't mean..it's just...." Garrison stuttered under the weight of Jason's aura baring his neck in submission. "I've survived a rejection myself so I know..! know what it's like to have half your soul ripped out from you. No wolf could survive it twice and Luna already has experienced it once..."
Jason struggled to reign in his wolf and forced a breath to calm himself. After a moment he said, "I will never allow Phoebe to feel an ounce of hurt again. Besides, it's already too late for that."
Garrison raised a brow. Though Lobo bulked at showing his neck to any wolf Jason pulled back the collar of his shirt to reveal the still fresh mark where his neck and shoulder met. The redness was beginning to fade though it still remained tender to the touch. "I belong to her now," Jason said with no trace of irony in his voice.
Garrison briefly met his gaze before bowing. It was the answer he hoped for. After meeting his Luna and speaking with her he recognized a fellow wolf in suffering. He was immediately taken by her caring and gentle soul and could not understand how she was able to survive a rejection. It took strength Garrison didn't even know existed.
"I want the names of your choices by the end of the week," Jason said
"Yes sir," Garrison stood and gave a stiff bow before departing
After the door closed Luke said, "That took balls to question you."
"It did," Jason smirked. "His desire to protect his Luna was greater than his fear of me. He just may be the perfect choice."
Luke and Ben nodded. It seemed a bit much to assign Phoebe her own guard detail but they understood why Jason was so insistent. He wasn't worried about threats from inside the pack. It was external threats that worried him. Blue Moon had no shortage of rivals eager to take advantage of any misfortune they might suffer. With their marks still fresh his over-protectiveness was in high-drive.
No one would begrudge him this much.
Luke and Ben had been surprised to see the mark on his neck and insisted on another celebration. Now that Jason had settled on Phoebe's security he felt more inclined to join them.
***
"Here we are," Phoebe said as she carefully removed the trays from the oven.
She set them on hot pads on the counter so that the pups could see their hard work. Many still had dusting of sugar and flour in their hair despite cleaning up their faces while the brownies baked. They clapped excitedly. "Now while it cools we'll make the frosting," Phoebe announced
Immediately they gathered around helping to measure the sugar, milk and butter. She heated the mix and had the pups take turns stirring while it heated to a boil. Taking it from the heat she added the chocolate chips stirring them until they melted. Once it was mixed they placed it in the fridge for rapid cooling and started the next batch. They needed a pot for each tray of brownies they had made.
While the frosting set they cleaned up.
By the time the brownies cooled so had the frosting. With Norah on hand they split the pups into smaller groups and armed them with spatulas to smooth the frosting over the trays. The pups giggled licking their hands and spatulas eager to taste the fruits for their labor.
Around them the cooks chuckled happy to see the pups so excited with what many deemed a mundane task. Phoebe had started her lesson introducing the pups to the kitchen staff. Some were surprised their Luna remembered their names but knowing the members of her pack had always come easy to her. Then she showed the pups the items they'd be using and the ingredients to make chocolate syrup brownies from scratch as well as the chocolate chip frosting.
It would be impossible for the pups to make enough brownies for the entire pack so the cooks were already increasing the recipe and multiplying the batches. The trays Phoebe, Norah and the pups made were reserved for their families. It was almost lunch so they cut the brownies and divided them up accordingly giving each pup one for themselves as well as a small bag for them to take home to treat their parents. The extras Phoebe presented to the cooks as thanks for use of the kitchen.
###Chapter 33
"Thank you," Phoebe smiled at the staff. She hated to think they had interrupted meal preparation but the kitchen was quite large and the staff assured her the use of one oven meant nothing. "Of course, Luna," Myra, the head of the kitchen answered.
She was a robust she-wolf, a mother who successfully raised three pups and her niece. Myra reminded Phoebe of the motherly wolf in charge of the kitchen at her old pack. " You can come by any time. And please bring the pups too." Phoebe hugged the older she-wolf much to the latter's surprise before herding the pups back to the dining hall.
Parents were already arriving having been told their pups would be at the kitchen rather than the daycare center. The pups greeted their parents eager to show off their culinary results. "Mommy," Emma tugged Phoebe's hand, "can we show daddy too?"
"Of course," Phoebe smiled patting her head. She was still getting used to the title both the siblings eagerly bestowed on her but it warmed her heart. Though she was hesitant to disrupt Jason's work she wanted the pups to feel closer to him. Norah nodded encouragement so she left the former luna to watch over the rest of the pups still waiting for their parents and took Blake and Emma by the hand. Both had been given baggies with extra brownies for Luke, Mona, Ben and Lucille as none of them had pups of their own.
Considering how long both Ben and Luke had been mated it seemed strange neither started families.
Despite their enhanced libidos, werewolf pregnancies really weren't very common. She wolves were only fertile during their heat cycle which occurred once a year usually during the winter months thus ensuring their pup would be born in the spring a holdover from when relied on the natural bounty of the earth. Less common were she wolves who had their cycle in the spring so that the pup would be born in the fall during the harvest season.
Even with a wolf's insatiable appetite for their mate that left a narrow window for pregnancies to occur and since wolves only gave birth to one pup at a time it actually gave them a rather low birth rate. Survival rate of pups was practically guaranteed which aided consistent population growth overall.
However in Luke and Ben's case she had a sneaking suspicion they deliberately held off having pups so as not to make Jason any more jealous of their good fortune. She hadn't asked them yet but it made sense given how close they all were. Prior to being marked she-wolves had a truncated heat cycle that was both shorter and less intense than a marked female. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. If they mated during that time it could still lead to pregnancy though their fertility was really not that high. Now that Phoebe had been marked her heat cycles would become much more intense especially if they coincided with the full moon and pregnancy all but guaranteed. All wolves shared a strong connection to the full moon.
They were stronger and felt more at peace under the light of a full moon more so than any other time. According to Máni, the effect was even more potent with them, which was why Máni insisted Jason mark them before the Luna Ceremony which was set to take place on the upcoming full moon. Phoebe still recalled their conversation earlier that morning.
***
Phoebe sensed Jason departure but remained in contented sleep. She felt heavy as the pack bond knitted her into it.
The connection was stronger and more potent now. She had a direct connection to the ebb and flow of the pack's emotional state. It was a good thing it was so early and most were still asleep or just beginning to stir. Once they woke it would strain her mind as their worries invaded her through the link. Over time her mind would naturally learn to channel the input but for now she would have to be careful when she accessed the link.
'How are you feeling?' Máni asked.
'Good...considering. Why did you want him to mark us now?'
"It was for his own good."
"What do you mean?"
'Our strength is directly tied to the moon. We are weakest during the New Moon and strongest when it is Full'
'Isn't that true for all wolves?'
'Yes, but even more so for us. We've been hiding our true strength all this time so you've never truly experienced it.
Our Mate is strong but he won't be able to endure it full force. That's why we marked him now. It was the last night of the New Moon. As the moon waxes and our power grows he can gradually acclimate to it.
You mean it will really affect him that much?'
'Naturally. An Alphas strength always increases once he is marked and mated to his Luna. How much is determined by the Luna's inherit strength. It's best if he acclimates gradually!
Jason's return had cut off further discussion as he slid back into bed and pulled her back into his arms. He nuzzled her as he adjusted her position so that as much of their bare skin touched as possible. Phoebe tried to pretend to be asleep but she felt his stiff member pressing against her thigh as he held her close. His large hand gently caressed her earning a moan of approval. Jason didn't seem aware of any changes brought on by the mark. In fact he was more concerned for her and whether she felt any discomfort from the previous night. Perhaps it was the novelty of its newness or Máni was correct after all.
***
Jason was replying to an email when a knock at his door interrupted him. Luke and Ben still sat on the couch trying to convince him to join their celebration but quickly put their glasses down at the door opened revealing Phoebe and the pups. "Daddy!" Emma squealed running up to Jason without hesitation.
Jason scooped up the pup as he stood. He covered his awkwardness by nuzzling the pup causing her to giggle as the bristles on his cheek tickled hers. No matter how many times a wolf shaved they would have a five o'clock shadow a few hours later. Many usually gave up on a clean shaved look and ended up with at least goatee if not a full beard, Jason included.
Though their bond was still new their scent was definitely becoming more potent. It wasn't quite the same as if they were truly from his blood but it was more than enough to mark the pups as his and that they were under his protection if anyone intended them harm. In the back of his mind Lobo wagged his tail pleased with how the pups were accepting them. His wolf had always loved pups and longed for its own as much as it longed for its mate.
"What brings my little treasures here?" Jason asked kneeling and bringing the more nervous Blake into his embrace.
He could tell Blake was as desperate for parents as his sister but knowing Jason was an alpha made the pup to nervous to appear too familiar. Though Jason was still adjusting to his new role he wanted both brother and sister to be comfortable with him. Blake leaned into him and snuggled close enjoying his embrace.
"We made brownies," Phoebe said as the pups showed off their baggies. "The cooks are making enough for the pack but the ones we made are for the pups' parents."
"Try one! They are really good!" Emma said opening her bag. "This one is for you."
Jason accepted the gooey offering still slightly warm. He had never been one for sweets but nonetheless savored the pup's treat. It was the first gift his pups ever gave him.
"It's good right?" Blake asked. Like the other pups they had eaten their own immediately.
"It is." Jason hugged them close. Given his awkward childhood Jason never felt particularly close to his father so he wasn't prepared for this kind of situation but he wanted it to last forever.
"Does that mean we won't get any?" Ben asked. He couldn't keep the hurt from his voice as he loved chocolate.
"We have some for you, Uncle Ben," Blake said carrying his baggy to them. "And for Uncle Luke too."
Emma followed him to the couch and happily crawled into Lukes lap before offering him one of the gooey brownies.
The pups had one for each of them and their mates.
Eagerly accepting the treats the beta and gamma popped them into their mouths devouring them in a single bite. The gamma moaned as he leaned back practically comatose in his rapture. Blake and Emma giggled at his over the top reaction. "Where can I buy these?" Ben sighed.
"You can buy the ingredients at any grocery store," Phoebe chuckled as Jason slid his arms around her and held her close. "We made these from scratch."
"You did?" Ben looked at her in surprise. "You bake?"
"Sure. I find it relaxing," Phoebe nodded. Her mother loved to bake and her father had about as big of a sweet tooth as the gamma.
"You missed your calling. You definitely belong in the kitchen!"
"What was that?" Jason let out a short growl at the thought of Phoebe being anywhere or anything but his Luna.
"Easy, Alpha," Luke chuckled. "That's just the chocolate talking."
"Speaking of," Ben leaned forward but Blake stepped out of his reach saving the last brownie.
"This is for Auntie Lucy, the pup declared.
Ben huffed. Like Jason, Lucille didn't have a particularly strong sweet tooth but she would never turn away fresh baked goodies especially if they were delivered by her niece and nephew. Phoebe chuckled, "There are more in the kitchen. The cooks are making them for dessert."
"Oh really?" Ben perked up.
"Well now you know the way to his heart," Jason joked nuzzling her and kissing her temple. He didn't care how many hearts she captured as long as hers belonged to him.
###Chapter 34
"Here's an updated budget for the Luna Ceremony," Luke said as he handed him a folder.
Jason sighed opening it, "Seriously? How much does my mother expect to spend on this?"
Luke chuckled knowing Jason would sign off on it. No expense was too much for his Luna even if she thought they were already spending too much. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Norah was taking full advantage and Lucille and Mona were helping. The pack had gone a long time without a proper Luna so everyone wanted to pull out all the stops. The ceremony was still a week away and preparations were humming along.
The invitations had been sent to various packs and almost all RSVP'd their intentions to join the pack for its long awaited induction. Many had also included congratulations knowing how long Jason searched for his mate.
Jason was content to see his pack so enthusiastic so he didn't mind the constantly changing budget. What was more they were already feeling Phoebe's influence. The pack was much calmer. There were fewer arguments and almost zero fights. Harassment of the lower ranks, particularly omega she wolves, had always been low but now it was nonexistent. Mealtimes were boisterous but everyone kept it to acceptable levels, even the unmated males.
Not only was the pack calmer but they were more focused.
The warriors were more serious about their training, patrols of the border were more thorough and rogues were handled more efficiently. In Jason's mind even the meals had improved in flavor and scope but he did miss Phoebe's home cooking. She had yet to make a private meal just for them but he didn't want to disrupt her settling into the pack.
"Garrison dropped off his selections," Luke added handing Jason another file.
He took this one with intense interest. The warrior had written down eight names. Luke included profiles on each of the wolves with a description of their strengths, experience, training and achievements. He was pleased to note all were highly decorated warriors with ample experience.
"He included eight names in case there were any you ed to," Luke said.
Jason nodded. He originally intended it to be a six-man team but eight warriors allowed for alternates making the team more flexible when it came to traveling. Jason trusted Garrison to organize his team appropriately. "Approved" Jason said. "Tell Garrison he can pull his team and start training them."
Luke nodded. He expected as much. Even after a week Jason's protectiveness over Phoebe had not diminished. If anything it had increased. What was more Jason's alpha aura seemed to becoming more potent. He exuded it without trying and commanded attention wherever he stepped into a room. Luke had known Jason's influence would grow once he found his Luna but even he was surprised by just how much.
The phone suddenly rang on the beta's desk. He glanced at the caller ID before answering, "Elder, this is Beta Luke." Jason perked up at Lukes practiced greeting.
"Of course. He is right here," Luke brought the phone to Jason. "Elder Ansel, Alpha."
Jason grunted taking the phone, "Elder Ansel."
"Ah, Alpha Jason...'m calling in regards to the balm you submitted to us for a patent."
"You have analyzed it I trust."
"We have completed the first set of trails...but I'd rather not discuss this over the phone."
"Of course. When should we expect you?"
"I have time in a few days and I was planning to attend your pack's Luna Ceremony."
"We look forward to your visit," Jason agreed.
The line disconnected and Jason handed it back to Luke with a thoughtful look. Luke eyed the phone than his alpha,
"What do you think?"
"You know how long wolves have searched for a means to heal silver wounds."
"Practically since we started roaming the earth," Luke nodded.
"I figured they'd want to keep the information secure until it's confirmed," Jason said.
"Which is why he didn't want to talk about it over the phone.
Jason nodded. He had absolute faith in Phoebe so he was confident in the balm Bridget developed. The Council didn't have the luxury of his confidence so they would want to confirm everything concerned with the balm. His only worry was that the balm had originally been invented in another pack as such Rimrock could claim propriety. But Phoebe and Bridget had made it independently without using any of the pack's resources and Jason hoped that would give his pack the edge.
In any case they wouldn't know the Council's thoughts until the Elder arrived. Jason was prepared to defend Bridget's rights to her creation regardless of whether Blue Moon was awarded the patent rights. He was already researching the next step. Every pack had their specialty that earned the majority of the pack's finances. Blue Moon specialized in security.
Wolves, witches and humans alike contacted them to provide security teams for important personages. Other packs specialized in medicine and medical treatments.
Although it would mean less money for his pack if they partnered with another they could be able to manufacture and distribute much more easily
***
Jason was willing to sacrifice some of his pack's potential profits if it meant more creatures who needed the balm would receive it. Ultimately he would leave the final decision to Phoebe and Bridget to determine how they would market and distribute the balm. "Elder Ansel, welcome," Luke greeted as the aged wolf exited the armored SUV.
Almost seventy Ansel looked closer to fifty-five as wolves aged more slowly once they reached their twenties. His once black hair was salt n-peppered now but his blue eyes were still clear and keen. He smiled amicably to the Beta.
"There seems to be quite a lot of activity," Ansel noted looking where the pack members were stringing lanterns and icicle lights.
"The Luna Ceremony is in three days," Luke smiled. "We're expecting the alphas we've invited to stare arriving later today."
"Ah yes," Ansel nodded though he was already well aware as he planned to stay to witness it himself.
"We've prepared a room for you. Did you want to head there first?"
"No. I think it would be best to see Alpha Jason first."
"Of course, follow me." Luke expected as much and led the Elder up to the office while others carried his bags to the prepared room.
Luke knocked on the door before opening it and announced their guest. Jason immediately stood coming around his desk to shake hands with the Elder having already been informed of his arrival through the link. Ben was also in attendance. "Would you like a drink?" Jason asked gesturing for Ansel to sit.
"Yes please, my usual!"
Ben nodded retrieving brandy from the cabinet and poured for their guest. For Jason he poured whiskey before joining Luke at the door to ensure they were not interrupted. Ansel sniffed the brandy savoring it. It was human made so it wouldn't affect him but the flavor was much better than a werewolf blend as aconite added a bitter aftertaste.
"Very fine," Ansel sighed. "First, I believe congratulations are in order. I know you've been looking for your mate for a long time."
Jason nodded, "I have but she was worth the wait."
Ansel chuckled. Jason sounded like a wolf in love and the devotion was certainly genuine. When Ansel originally received the invitation he was worried knowing how long Jason waited for a mate and thought perhaps he had taken a chosen mate. A chosen mate was fine for other wolves but for an alpha, especially one as powerful as Jason, it could have dire consequences. But it was clear to him Jason had found his true, fated mate. He was relieved.
Blue Moon had suffered considerably with the disharmony of their previous Alpha and Luna. After taking over Jason had instilled a sense of stability and the pack's bonds were largely repaired but without a Luna it was incomplete. A fated mate was always an alpha's first choice and in the past they found them with relative ease. Now; however, it was becoming more difficult for higher ranked wolves to find their fated mates and the Council was at a loss to explain why.
Knowing how important mates were the Moon Goddess generally ensured they would find each other. Mates were often found in neighboring packs if not their own. But there were exceptions. It had taken Jason over a decade and his mate had been found in a pack a considerable distance away. Ansel expected great things from Jason's Luna.
"I look forward to meeting her," Ansel said taking out a file," as to the other business that brought me here."
Jason accepted the thin folder and looked over the graphs illustrating the test results.
"As I explained over the phone we completed the first round of tests and they were...unbelievable. The healing rate of wounds was almost three times faster with the balm and scarring was dramatically lessoned," Ansel said.
Jason was surprised to see the numbers but not by the result after Bridget and Phoebe explained it. He had full faith and trust in their balm's remarkable ability.
"We wolves have been searching for millennia for a cure for silver and we've never come as close as this. I must ask... how did you do it?"
"I didn't," Jason shook his head. "The honor goes to someone else."
He looked to his Beta and Gamma giving them a nod. Ben bowed before departing. Ansel watched the silent exchange with a note of curiosity. He didn't sense them link which meant this was preplanned or the Gamma knew his Alpha's intention without the need for instruction. They waited several minutes before a knock announced the Gamma's return. With him arrived a pair of she-wolves.
Jason stood immediately claiming the polite, silver-eyed one kissing her temple. The gesture seemed familiar to them both. Even so she blushed at his attention.
"Elder Ansel," Jason finally turned to his guest, "I'd like to introduce my mate and Luna, Phoebe, as well as our new pack member, Bridget."
"Luna, hello," Ansel hurriedly stood bowing to the dark-haired beauty.
"Phoebe, this is Elder Ansel from the Council," Jason explained.
"Hello," she sweetly smiled. "Please sit."
Bridget sat on a chair while Jason pulled Phoebe into his lap refusing to allow her to sit anywhere else. Ansel watched as unobtrusively as he could noting the Alpha and Luna's body language and was satisfied though it was still unclear as to why the Moon Goddess made it so difficult for them to find each other. There had to be a reason behind it.
###Chapter 35
"Elder Ansel and I were discussing the silver-healing balm," Jason explained looking from Phoebe to Bridget. "He has some questions about it so I thought it best he spoke with the inventors."
"Oh," Bridget nodded. "I'll explain all I can."
"You invented it?" Ansel couldn't hide his surprise as he turned his attention to the other she wolf.
"Yes, with Phoebe's help," Bridget answered. "In our former pack our Luna coated her claws in silver and she wasn't shy about using them. We came up with the balm to help our fellow pack members heal from her...punishments." "Your former pack," Ansel glanced from one she-wolf to the other. "Then you both came from the same pack."
"Yes, Rimrock," Phoebe confirmed. "We were both unranked."
Ansel nodded. The majority of wolves in any pack were unranked individuals that included any wolf lower than delta but higher than omega.
"So what did you do in your pack?" Ansel asked. "I mean, your former pack."
"I was a nurse."
"I was a teacher...of sorts."
"Teacher?"
Phoebe nodded, "I watched over the pack's pups and taught them lessons."
It was always a bit awkward describing her position in her former pack. Rimrock didn't have a dedicated daycare facility like Blue Moon and it wasn't like the pack paid her much for the time she spent with the pups nor compensated her for the money she spent buying supplies for their various projects.
Ansel was silent as he processed this information. It was rare for a Luna to be chosen out of the lower ranks because an alpha's strength could easily overwhelm lower ranked wolves. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. His Luna needed the mental fortitude to withstand not just his aura but also the pack's dependence on her. Yet there was something different about this she wolf, something almost uncanny. She didn't seem to be suffering at all despite the aura that seemed to be oozing from Jason.
Jason always had a strong presence. His aura easily filled a room but now it was even more potent. Ansel sensed it when he first entered but it was even more apparent now that Phoebe was in the room. His aura swirled around her like a protective blanket. A wolf would be a fool to challenge him or, worse, threaten her.
"So this balm was actually invented in another pack," Ansel said. "Why didn't Rimrock file for a patent?"
"Probably because they didn't know about it," Bridget said. "
We only used it on the unranked and omega wolves who suffered the most. No one else was interested in something two she wolves cooked up in their kitchen."
"Cooked up in your kitchen?"
"Mine," Phoebe said, "my backyard was full of healing herbs too so it was a convenient workspace for us to experiment."
"So...then you didn't use any of your former pack's facilities?"
Phoebe and Bridget shook their heads. Bridget had asked for permission to use the hospital's lab but was denied. No one was interested in what the she wolf intended to make.
Ansel considered this news carefully before coming to a decision, "In that case, I see no reason not to award Blue Moon a full patent for the balm and both of you will be created with its creation."
Phoebe shared a smile with Bridget. She honestly couldn't care less if her name was associated with the balm. Bridget was the one who spent hours researching and experimenting to create it. "So...what happens now?" Phoebe asked.
"Now that we own the patent we can make and distribute it anyway we see fit," Jason answered, "or we can sell it to another pack to do the same. If we choose to collaborate with another pack it will decrease our profits somewhat but if we partner with a pack that specializes in medicine they'd have facilities to mass produce and distribute it with ease."
"Meaning more wolves would have access to it," Phoebe said looking at Bridget.
"I don't mind less profits for myself," Bridget said, "I think it's worth it if it means increasing availability but this is also the pack's finances so...
"I agree," Phoebe seconded, "smaller profits is worth the cost if it means increasing distribution."
Jason chuckled, "I had a feeling both of you would say that. That's why I've already started looking into potential partners."
"Really?" Phoebe looked at him.
"Yeah. Harvest Moon in Kansas is probably the best candidate though they are sometimes difficult to work with.
Once they see what your balm can do I think they'll be more than happy to work with us."
Anzel nodded, "A good choice. They are leaders in medical techniques and medicine. They'll be able to distribute the balm not just to wolves but other creatures as well: fairies, even humans."
"Why humans?" Bridget asked curiously.
"Our testers indicated that their skin felt much softer after using the balm. There could be a secondary market in beauty products geared toward humans besides the medicinal benefits for supernatural creatures...minus vampires." "Why not vampires?" Jason asked
The history of werewolves and vampires was punctuated with several large wars and a certain level of animosity still existed between them though they were generally peaceful.
"Vervain," Bridget answered.
Jason raised an eyebrow.
"Vervain is as deadly to vampires as wolfsbane is to us," Phoebe explained.
"Since it's an ingredient in the balm it would be dangerous for them to use," Bridget agreed. "That isn't to say we couldn't come up with a formula that will work for them but it would take a lot of trial and error to find a substitute for vervain." "Interesting," Jason said.
"Harvest Moon has top-of-the-line facilities so I'm sure they could help with that," Ansel said, "if you do end up partnering with them."
"Agreed. Their alpha is coming to the Luna Ceremony," Jason said, "we can discuss it with him when he arrives.
Which reminds me, Luke?"
The Beta stepped forward presenting each of them with a personalized pack card. As Norah assured her, Phoebes was a black card with unlimited spending. Bridget was surprised to be given a gold card
"Is this right?"
Jason nodded.
"But I'm just a nurse."
"Who invented a life-saving medicine," Jason said. "As its creator you'll receive royalties for each sale in addition to your usual pack salary. Believe me when I say it will be quite a sum."
Bridget nodded still not quite believing it. Not in her wildest dreams did she think their little kitchen project would lead to this. All she wanted to do was help her fellow wolves. She didn't need fame but it seemed it was finding her anyway.
Bridget looked at Phoebe but the latter was staring at her new spending card with a frown. It was just too much.
Phoebe was happy to see her friend receiving much-deserved recognition but she hadn't done anything remotely as important. She certainly didn't deserve a card with no limit. "Phoebe," Jason softly intoned.
She looked up to see his eyes swirling amber with his desire and devotion. It wrapped around her like a protective blanket assuring her he would always be at her side. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. After her rejection Phoebe thought she would never know this level of care and security but Jason made it known time and time again his world revolved around her. Smiling she stroked his cheek earning a low, possessive growl that almost sounded like a purr. He smiled kissing her fingers.
Though he was keeping his advances chaste in front of their company his gaze promised much more.
***
"Beta Luke!"
"Alpha William," Luke nodded greeting to the alpha of Winter Moon.
They were close allies so he was a familiar sight. William was rather short for an alpha barely clearing five-seven while most alphas easily reached over six feet. This did not mean William was a pushover, the exact opposite in fact.
His complex about his height made the alpha even more serious about his training. Even when they took their matches seriously Jason only managed to stay on an even-keel with the other.
"You remember Camilla," William said as he assisted the she wolf out of the vehicle.
Luke nodded trying to keep back a grimace. He was no stranger to the female who had been William's companion for several years. She boasted a voluptuous form with large breasts that appealed to a lot of wolves. In heels she was several inches taller than William though in actuality
Luke believed them to be the same height.
Luke was not fond of her as she was cut from the same mold as Katrina. Both were lazy despite coming from upper ranks and both were looking for alpha mates not caring what the Moon Goddess intended. Luke now knew Katrina rejected her rightful mate in her pursuit of Jason and he wondered if Camilla had done the same. He certainly wouldn't put it past her. In all the time he knew her she never seemed concerned with finding her fated mate. There was a time Camilla even showed interest in Jason though she didn't have the guts to challenge Katrina.
"Your usual room has been prepared," Luke said, "dinner is still several hours away so please feel free to relax."
"Ah yes," William hesitated. "Tell me. Is it true? Did Jason finally find his mate?"
"He did," Luke smiled. "I was there to witness it myself."
"Then Blue Moon finally has a proper Luna, eh?"
"It does indeed and I've never felt the pack bonds stronger."
"I can't wait to meet her," William nodded and made his way inside. Like most he knew how long Jason had searched and waited foregoing all relationships in the meantime.
Tonight was certain to be one of many surprises.
Luke was certain the entire weekend would be full of surprises for their guests. The Luna Ceremony wasn't for another two days but Jason was using it as an excuse for an alpha meeting as well since so many were gathering.
Tonight was only a mixer of sorts for them to greet each other in an informal setting as well as introduce Phoebe and the pups. Tomorrow the alphas would meet formally and Jason hoped to unveil the new healing balm as long as the Harvest Moon alpha made his appearance.
The third day would culminate in the Luna Ceremony and a moonlit run led by the new Alpha and Luna. Jason said Phoebe's wolf was speaking to her and he was certain she would be able to shift. That in and of itself was something to celebrate considering what they now knew about her past. They worried she might have difficulties during her shift but the few times Jason broached the conversation
Phoebe gave no hint of it being an issue.
What worried her was remembering the names of all the Alphas, Lunas and Betas invited to the event. It was a worry Jason found laughable since she had no difficulty recalling any pack member she was introduced to even if it was only a quick hello. Luke turned as the next vehicle arrived noting its occupants and greeting them. As he ushered them inside and a pack member parked their car he linked Jason, "No sign of Harvest Moon yet."
###Chapter 36
"Let me know as soon as they arrive," Jason closed the link.
He leaned back in his chair. With the Council's tactful approval he was eager to begin negotiations. He had only met the Harvest Moon alpha once or twice before. From what he recalled the alpha was a tall, lanky wolf but quick and suitably stubborn. His luna was more amicable and cooperative so he hoped she could convince her mate to work with them.
"There, you are," Lucille said entering without knocking."
You do realize there is a party going on."
"Not for a few more hours."
"Well, you have to get ready too, you know. It doesn't look good if you are late to your own party."
"It doesn't take that long."
Lucille snorted, "Right, I forgot males are so easy. Fine, well.
Head up whenever. Mom and I are getting Phoebe and the kids ready in her suite so you'll have yours all to yourself."
"Why in mother's suite?"
"So you can't sneak a peek at your precious Luna until the party," Lucille smirked. "If we let the two of you get ready together you'll never make an appearance."
Jason frowned
"I mean, I know mates are all over each other but you two have been like rabbits."
Jason felt his face warm.
"Don't worry. We'll take care of her. Just don't get so caught up in work you forget to join us."
Jason grunted as his sister departed. She had a point.
Every time he saw Phoebe he could barely contain himself and Lobo was no help filling his mind with all sorts of lewd ideas. Try as he might he had no self-control as soon as he caught her scent.
And despite her inexperience Phoebe didn't seem able or willing to deny him. She accepted him heart, soul and body and seemed to crave him as much as he craved her. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They had lost their inhibitions surprisingly fast trying new positions each night all equally satisfying though he had his favorites. The only position he had no interest in was her going down on him. He didn't like anything that focused on his own gratification. He preferred their bodies grinding together in perfect rhythm.
Even now the thought was enough to stir him. Jason growled at himself and sighed. Somehow he had to marshal his control tonight...at least until they returned to their bedroom. Lobo was already wagging his tail in anticipation. Jason tried to shake the thoughts away and focused on work
Time passed more quickly than he realized. When he looked at the clock he had less than an hour to get ready.
Cursing himself he closed his laptop and hurried to his room jumping in the shower. When he emerged and stepped into the closet, he had a moment of panic, not knowing what Phoebe was wearing. He didn't want to clash nor appear too formal. Finally, he settled on his customary black silk shirt and trousers before heading down.
***
"Where are you brother?"
"Work ran late. I'm on my way down now."
Lucille gave Phoebe a sympathetic smile, "I swear he doesn't know the first thing about moderation."
Phoebe chuckled. Jason seemed incapable of balancing work and play. Though running late on such an important night didn't seem to surprise everyone else who considered him a workaholic she couldn't help but feel it was her fault in some way. Well, yes and no, Máni said. You two have been going at it pretty steadily!
What do you mean? I assumed it was because our bond was new!
'Well, yes. But we're also approaching the full moon!
'So?'
T already told you. We are only fertile on our heat cycles that coincide with the full moon so it's natural that our mate would have an enhanced libido during that time. 'But...I'm not in heat.'
'So?'
Phoebe caught Máni's meaning. Even if she wasn't in heat Jason would still be affected by the full moon and desire her even more strongly. That would mean he would also become more protective since he wouldn't want another male near her during those times. 'Bingo. Now you get it.'
'Does this mean he'll calm down after the full moon?'
Possessive wise? Probably. But he likes making us call his name so probably not in bed. So don't worry.
Phoebe fought her blush. That wasn't what she was worried about.
'Mhmm. Sure...
"Something the matter?" Lucile asked.
Phoebe shook her head, "Just a disagreement with my wolf."
Lucille nodded. Just because their wolf spirits were part of them didn't mean they always agreed. After hearing about Phoebe's situation from her brother any interaction Phoebe had with her wolf was an important achievement. "What do you think you are doing?!"
Phoebe jerked to attention at the harsh voice and saw a she wolf towering over her pups. Since arriving at Blue Moon Blake and Emma had enjoyed an easy, carefree life.
No pack member would think about threatening them.
"Do you know how expensive this dress is?"
"We didn't mean to bump into you," Blake said picking up his sister who had fallen during the collision. "We were just playing."
"Playing? I'll show you play!"
"That won't be necessary," Phoebe said barely keeping the growl out of her voice as she quickly approached.
"Mommy!" Emma ran up to her hugging her leg.
"These are your spawn?" the she wolf demanded as Blake joined his sister under their adoptive mother's protection.
"They are my pups, yes," Phoebe corrected warily eyeing her.
She was several inches taller though that meant little to Phoebe used to facing wolves taller than herself. The she-wolf had a voluptuous figure with breasts and hips that would turn just about any male's head especially when crammed into her short, red dress. Her auburn hair was silky smooth and framed a narrow but pleasing face. She would have been beautiful if not for her scowl.
"They ran into me and nearly knocked me over. What if I bruise?"
"I think you will survive," Phoebe answered evenly much to the she-wolf's shock.
Phoebe had always been the first to back down whenever conflict arose because of her low rank much to Mani's consternation. Now that she was Luna it was becoming easier to stand up against unreasonable wolves. She might have a gentle nature but she certainly wouldn't tolerate anyone threatening her pups.
"Kids, say you're sorry for bumping into this...lady."
"We're sorry. We'll be more careful," they said in unison.
"Apology not accepted."
"Well, that really isn't our problem is it?" Phoebe said shooing the pair towards Lucille. "Go back to your aunt and uncle you two."
"Hang on!" the she-wolf demanded. "That's it! You're not going to punish them?"
Phoebe calmly looked at her, "Apologizing to you was punishment enough." "Why you-"
"Daddy!" Blake and Emma suddenly squealed.
The room fell silent as Jason entered. Before he could apologize for his tardiness two small forms ran up to him with their arms open wide. Chuckling, he scooped up the pair of pups and nuzzled each in turn. After a week of awkwardness Jason now had a comfortable familiarity with the pups. His scent was firmly established with theirs and since they spent the majority of their day with Phoebe her scent was also strongly entwined with theirs and the combination was rather addictive. "Daddy, you're late," Emma loudly declared.
"I know. I'm sorry about that. It won't happen again," Jason said earning a few chuckles around the room from his pack mates. No doubt it was quite amusing to see one of the most powerful alphas being chastised by a little pup. "You better not or you'll be in trouble," Emma warned earning another round of laughter. "Right, mommy?"
Jason looked to see Phoebe approaching and nearly dropped the siblings. Her hair had been crimped to give it more body and partially tamed in a half-up do. She wore a classic, little black dress showing off her shapely legs. The neckline was square with wide shoulder straps and dipped just low enough to tease him with the swell of her breasts.
All of her shapely curves were on display and he cursed himself for not asking ahead of time so he could mentally prepare to see her looking so sultry. No doubt that was Lucille's intention. It was going to be a long night.
"You're late," Phoebe said as he carefully set the pups down before pulling her close.
"I know. I'm sorry," he kissed her temple savoring her scent with a pleased growl. His mate. His Luna.
"Careful Alpha," Phoebe whispered smelling his arousal, "or your punishment will be to sleep alone tonight."
The warning practically made Lobo curl up on his back begging for a second chance while Jason marshaled his control saying, "That's not fair, angel."
"No, what's not fair is that I'll be punished too if it comes to that," Phoebe corrected. "Do you want me to suffer for a crime I didn't commit?"
Jason chuckled, "Message received. I'll be on my best behavior."
"I'll believe it when I see it."
Jason cleared his throat realizing they had an audience.
Turning to face them with his arms around her waist he said, "Friends, thank you for coming all this way. These days it seems were always gathering to face some sort of crisis so I'm sure you'll all agree how nice it is to be together for a joyous event instead." The alphas, lunas, betas and gammas from various packs gathered nodded in agreement. Lately it had been rogue attacks, a year ago it had been hunters and before that vampires. They always seemed to be facing one crisis after another so it was good to gather for a celebration. A pack member carrying a tray of drinks approached allowing Jason and Phoebe to each grab a wine glass.
"As most of you know, I've been looking for my fated mate for some time," Jason said. I can't tell you how glad I am to finally be able to introduce her to you. Everyone, this is my mate, Luna, Phoebe, and our pups, Blake and Emma. I'm sure you're all eager to meet them as I was, so let's toast the most beautiful she wolf I have ever met... though I have been told I'm biased."
The crowd chuckled as they raised their glasses and toasted the new couple. Though some had doubted the announcement given how long Jason had been waiting there was no denying the body language between them. At long last he had found his mate and Blue Moon finally had a proper Luna. None would be able to ignore the pack's influence now that it was complete.
"I must say, this a surprise."
Jason grinned wide and eagerly shook the approaching alpha's hand,
"It's been a while Will. Phoebe, this is Alpha
William of the Winter Moon Pack. Will, my angel, Phoebe."
"Pleasure to meet you," Phoebe smiled sensing a long friendship between the two alphas.
"The pleasure is all mine. And this is Camilla," William said as he snaked an arm around a curvy she wolf Phoebe could hardly forget.
"Ah yes, we've already met," Phoebe nodded daring the she wolf to elaborate.
No one had been more surprised by Jason's arrival or announcement than Camilla. When William showed her the invitation she assumed Katrina had finally managed to snag her alpha. But now she found herself facing a very different she wolf. Phoebe was petite and though pretty enough certainly didn't have many major assets. And yet, Camilla couldn't put her finger on it, but there was something unnerving about the female that had her own wolf cowering and ready to expose its belly.
"I am curious though," William continued. "Pups? You two only just met, right?"
Phoebe smiled, "Blake and Emma are adopted. They were orphans in my former pack. I took them in."
"Naturally they came with Phoebe when she joined Blue Moon," Jason nodded. "I adopted them officially during their pack initiation."
"Initiation? You mean blood initiation," William said to which Jason confirmed. "Still.."
"It's kind of rude to expect a male to raise someone elses pups, isn't it?" Camilla said, "especially an alpha."
"Depends on the male, I suppose" Phoebe eyed her coolly." Though I think any male willing to display their paternal side is extremely attractive."
"What's precious to Phoebe is precious to me," Jason added as he glared at the she wolf who spoke out of turn."
Besides, I never heard of an alpha denying their luna anything her heart desired."
Jason's embrace around her waist tightened pulling
Phoebe against his chest as Lobo growled agreement.
Nothing their mate requested would be denied
"So why did your first mate reject you? Was it the kids or the fact you are wolfless?" Camilla asked. Since arriving she had been making rounds throughout the room and gained quite a bit of gossip.
Jason growled. William shot her a panicked look pleading for her to watch her step. Phoebe only smiled as her eyes shimmered silver. She didn't bother to hide her amusement at Camilla's attempt to insult her. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The rumors meant nothing to her. She made no attempt to hide her past rejection and felt no shame. As for the rumors of her being wolfless, anyone in tune with their wolf would know it was false as Jason already proved. For the rest they would realize the truth soon enough when they led the moonlit run.
"Neither as far as I know," Phoebe answered calmly. "My first mate had already settled on taking a chosen mate.
Apparently he was more interested in listening to his d**k than his wolf."
Jason's chest rumbled agreement as he kissed the top of her head and breathed deep. Phoebe knew he was angry but it wouldn't do to cause a scene here. Hopefully her scent would keep him calm. "The pups weren't even born then and as for the other part...that will be cleared up on its own."
"Why not clear it up now?" Camilla smirked. "Scared?"
###Chapter 37
"Is that a challenge?" Phoebe benignly smiled her gray eyes shimmering again.
Camilla hesitated, her wolf cowering. The rumors swirling around the new Luna in front of her were enough to make most lower their head in shame so Phoebe's confidence was unnerving. Her rejection was no secret apparently and as far as her being wolfless... Camilla had only confirmed that no one had seen her wolf.
Camilla forced her doubts back. She couldn't afford to be intimidated, not now. Forcing some bravado she said, "I for one wouldn't wait for a fated mate when there are better options standing right next to you."
William sighed not meeting Jason's pensive frown. He had been seeking his fated mate almost as long as Jason.
While the latter had foregone any relationships wanting to be faithful to the mate he had yet to meet William was no stranger to sharing his bed. Camilla was by far his most consistent companion and she had been pressing him to take each other as chosen mates. She was so convincing and earnest he had almost complied numerous times.
"I find it sad," Phoebe's gaze reflected her sorrow and pity." Searching for your fated mate certainly may seem arduous but you should never forget they are searching for you too.
Perhaps they have been looking even longer. Perhaps their first mate ripped their soul apart with a rejection and they have hidden themselves from the pain still desperately craving someone to make them whole.
"But to think you would give up the search and them, breaking the link that binds you together before either can even feel it...and abandon them to their pain when you could have been the one to save them. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Jason has made me feel more complete than I ever thought was possible. He may call me angel but he is truly my guardian angel. I don't know what I would have done if he hadn't found me when he did."
Jason's embrace tightened. He bowed his head nuzzling her as both he and Lobo were overcome with love for their mate. Jason would never stop telling her how special she was or making her feel loved.
'Our Mate loves us!' Lobo practically howled.
"I love you, angel" Jason poured all his devotion into their link.
"Mommy! Mommy!" Emma said skipping up to them and grasping her hand. "Blake and me found something!
Wanna see!"
"Of course," Phoebe smiled. "Let's see what you found."
She gave Jason a loving look before she let the pup pull her away. He was reluctant to let her go but they would have plenty of time together later. Phoebe was glad to get away from the other she wolf who was far too irritating.
She worried that William would make a very poor decision if he took the other as his chosen mate. But Phoebe wasn't sure it was her place to speak to him. He was Jason's friend, not hers and they had only just met.
"See mommy! Look!" Emma said as they reached a rather quiet corner and pulled her mind away from her dark thoughts.
There, several pups had gathered to avoid getting underfoot of so many alphas and lunas. Though it was unlikely any would reprimand the pups too harshly while on Blue Moon's pack lands the presence of so many dominant figures made the pups inclined to be on their best behavior. Only Blake and Emma retained a boisterous nature due to Jason's alpha blood intermixed with theirs.
The pups had gathered around an old, scuffed upright piano. The front panels had been carved with a woodland scene with wolves showing that at one time the piano had been a centerpiece though it was now regulated to this corner.
"Well, look at that," Phoebe gently pulled out the bench and sat down. She noted the dust before lifting the protective cover over the keys. "How long as this been here?"
The pups gathered around her shrugged. They had never heard it played in their lifetimes.
"That's a shame," Phoebe tapped a few keys to find it still in tune. "You know instruments need to be played or else they slowly die. But this one still has some life in it." "Play something, mommy," Emma said. "Please?"
"What would you like me to play?"
"Something bouncy!" Emma declared. "So we can dance!"
"You want to dance? Something bouncy...oh, I know,"
Phoebe placed her hands on the keys.
***
"So...your mate," William cleared his throat. "She's something else."
"You have no idea," Jason smiled his gaze slowly leaving her retreating form. "I can't count the number of ways she's surprised me."
"She doesn't seem all that special," Camilla scoffed earning a warning glare from Jason she ignored. "I mean she was already rejected once."
William nudged her trying to link her to be quiet but she seemed oblivious. Now that Phoebe had walked away the influence she had also waned and Camilla was eager to shed the last of her internal shame. "Who is their right minds would give her the time of day?"
Jason struggled to control himself as Lobo raged. His eyes shifted and his hair bristled. Was this she wolf really so oblivious? Did she have a death wish?
Before he could answer the sounds of someone plucking piano keys reverberated through the room. It was followed by someone running their hands down the line of keys before hitting the strong beat of Elton John's I'm Still Standing. The stunned crowd turned as one toward the long forgotten piano in the corner.
There they saw Phoebe expertly playing the rousing eighties hit while the young pups happily danced around her hopping to the beat. Even the teenagers who hovered around the outskirts gathered close and grooved to the song none had heard before. Phoebe hardly seemed aware of the gathered crowd laughing lightly at the pup's antics as her head swayed with the energetic song.
Many looked to Jason for explanation only to see him staring in wonder and pride. Dimly he recalled the piano in her cottage and her confession that her mother had taught her to play. He had forgotten but even with that knowledge he hadn't expected her to play like this.
"Did you know?" Luke nudged Jason bringing him out of his silent reverie.
"I knew her mother taught her to play," Jason said but he had no idea she played this well.
Phoebe ended the song with a flourish and laughed as the pups applauded and giggled their faces flush from exertion. The gathered alphas and lunas suddenly broke into their own applause startling her. Phoebe blushed averting her gaze. She had never played for such a large group before, or any group, as she only played at home.
"That was great!" Ben declared as he and Lucille moved closer. "Can you play Never Gonna Give You Up?"
"Really?" Lucille scoffed.
"Why am I not surprised?" Phoebe chuckled at the gamma.
"I thought you'd be an eighties fan, just like my dad."
Lucille gave her mate an exasperated look even as Phoebe turned back to the piano. Placing her fingers on the keys Phoebe began to play the opening chords to Atley's Never Gonna Give You Up to the crowd's surprise and delight.
Ben's expression lit up recognizing the familiar tune and much to Lucille's horror began to sing a voice horribly off-key, "We're no strangers to love, You know the rules and so do I, A full commitment's what I'm thinking of, You wouldn't get this from any other guy, I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling, Gotta make you understand, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you." Jason pinched the bridge of his nose cringing in embarrassment. Luke chuckled shaking his head. Both wished they could say the gamma had been drinking but he was definitely stone-cold sober. The rest of the room tried to hold in their laughter even as Lucille flushed red because of her mate's antics.
As Ben finished the chorus a new voice picked up the song for the second verse. Mouths dropped as Phoebe sang in a clear, strong voice that even made Ben sound better when he joined her for the chorus, "We've known each other for so long, Your heart's been aching, but you're too shy to say it, Inside, we both know what's been going on, We know the game and we're gonna play it, And if you ask me how I'm feeling, Don't tell me you're too blind to see, Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down, Never gonna run around and desert you, Never gonna make you cry, Never gonna say goodbye, Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you."
Lobo was practically rolling in ecstasy at the sound of their mate's voice. Jason was finding it hard to contain himself as Phoebe and Ben finished their impromptu duet and earned stunned applause from their listeners. No one in the room had expected such a powerful voice from such a petite body.
Lunas were the glue that bound a pack together. Thus many alphas focused on finding a strong luna but there was more than one kind of strength and many forgot that a luna's character and heart were just as important if not more so. Phoebe was proving just how important those factors really were to winning hearts and minds.
"Am I supposed to be impressed?" Camilla scoffed earning several disgruntled glares and more than a few growls.
"Perhaps you would prefer the classics," Phoebe amicably said glancing at the other female.
She turned back to the piano playing Beethoven's Für Elise with ease. The gathered alphas and lunas looked on with approval. Like humans, werewolves appreciated skill and their sensitive ears could pick out even the slightest nuances which made it difficult to please them unless the player was truly a master of their craft.
"Luna, how did you learn to play like that?" a pup eagerly asked.
"My mother taught me," Phoebe smiled. "It's easy but you have to practice a lot. Right Blake? Come here and play with me."
Phoebe stopped playing to encourage the nervous pup to join her. Hesitating, he climbed onto the bench. Blake fidgeted as Phoebe placed a hand on the keys and played a simple melody. Still nervous Blake nevertheless set a finger on the higher keys and played with her. Phoebe maintained a slow pace making it easier for him to keep up as it had been some time since they last played Heart and Soul.
They ended together and Phoebe hugged him as the pups cheered.
"Can you play too, Emma?" a pup asked.
"I can play Twinkle Twinkle," Emma proudly declared. She wasn't quite as studious as her brother but with a new batch of admirers Phoebe wondered if she would take it more seriously.
Phoebe changed places with Emma so she could sit on the bench and tap out the familiar rhythm. The younger pups watched closely eager to learn. Phoebe chuckled. Perhaps she had just gained a new group of music students.
"I have lesson books if any of you are interested in learning," Phoebe said.
"We can turn the room next to the daycare into a music room for all of you."
"Yeah!" the pups cheered not only eager to learn but eager to spend time with their kind luna who never talked down to them.
"But first we should give this piano some attention,"
Phoebe said.
"You mean clean it?" a pup wrinkled his nose.
"I do. It should be cleaned, polished and tuned. It's important to take care of things that are special. It makes them stronger and better." "Sounds like work," another pup said.
Phoebe laughed, "Well of course it is. Anything worth having is worth working for...but work is easier when we do it together. Promise."
###Chapter 38
"I can't believe her!" Camilla paced the hall. "Things worth having are worth working for...what is she a Disney movie?'
What made it worse was the effect Phoebe was having on the gathering. Everyone gravitated toward her as if she was an important wolf.
Ha!
She was wolfless! Did they not know that? Phoebe was nothing, a nobody. Even her first mate recognized that fact.
What was her secret? Camilla paused glancing at her own assets on display in her tight dress. She was clearly more impressive than Phoebe who was practically flat by comparison. And yet...
Phoebe stood in the arms of the most influential alpha in the world. Jason seemed completely smitten. The look on his face when she played the piano was one of pure rapture. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. All night long he barely let her out of his arms always holding her close and often bowing his head to nuzzle and kiss her as if he couldn't control the compulsion.
Worse than Jason's apparent infatuation was the effect it was having on William. Prior to coming to Blue Moon Camilla had all but convinced him to take her as his chosen mate. With the romance of the Luna Ceremony she thought she would finally succeed but Phoebe's speech and the way Jason acted ruined her plans. Even now, William turned down her advances, claiming he had a headache and just wanted to lie down.
Her body craved release and he was not delivering. Camilla continued to pace. She had never been so frustrated. It wasn't easy turning an alpha's head. William's complex about his height made him an easy target but his hope of finding his fated mate hampered her plans. And his friendship with Jason also greatly influenced him. William's desire for his fated mate mimicked Jason's obsession and made it even more difficult for her. Camilla sighed. Jason would have made a far better mate.
The only reason she hadn't tried for him was because of Katrina. Who would have thought that such a petite unassuming female would unseat Katrina and take her place? If Camilla had known it would be so easy to usurp the alpha daughter she would have challenged Katrina herself.
Jason was everything an alpha should be: strong, handsome and tall. Camilla could only imagine what it would be like to be held down by such a powerful alpha while he took her. She shivered in anticipation, her core heating up with just the thought. If that gray- eyed nobody could do it then so could she. Coming to a decision Camilla stalked off down the hall.
Making her way to a quiet staircase, she headed upward, eventually reaching the alpha floor. There, she paused cautiously, listening for patrols. Blue Moon prided itself on its security so there were always a few warriors wandering the halls; however the alpha floor remained silent.
Given the fact the alpha, beta and gamma all lived on the upper floor its security was virtually guaranteed. Added to that the fact that the entire pack respected their alphas boundaries, none would dare enter his domain without permission. This left a blind spot any wolf without a sense of self-preservation could take advantage of.
Camilla slowly stepped out into the hallway and moved further into the heart of the pack. Her nose wrinkled in disgust as she smelled Lucille, whom she never liked, as well as Luna Norah who never liked her. She also caught the smell of pups and almost snarled. It was ridiculous to think those orphans enjoyed the privilege of living on the alpha floor. They should be hidden away somewhere with the omegas. Orphans were only useful as servants. With a huff Camilla wandered further in. She had never been on this floor but all packhouses shared similar floor plans.
The alpha's private suite would be in the heart of the floor.
That's where she headed reaching the final door past the common rooms. There she paused breathing deep and smelling the unmistakable musk of a male in rut. It seemed he was just as eager for release as she was.
Smiling Camilla pulled down her dress letting it pool at her feet leaving her completely nude as she hadn't bothered with undergarments. Once he saw her she knew he'd never look at that plain nobody again. Finding the door unlocked she boldly stepped inside and strode into the suite past the sitting area heading toward the bed before coming to a stop. It was empty.
Camilla frowned. The scent in the room was far too strong for its occupant to have been gone long. Suddenly, the bathroom door opened, and Phoebe exited wrapped in a towel. She laughed as Jason emerged a step behind. His arm snagged around her waist, and he pulled her back to him, growling as he buried his nose in her neck, nibbling on her marking spot and earned a moan in response.
His other hand moved lower reaching under her towel to tease her c**t, pinching it and rubbing it roughly. Phoebe's back arched as she pressed against him. They had only just finished in the shower and he already wanted more.
She chuckled as her gaze suddenly fell on Camilla and stiffened in surprise.
"What is it?" Jason mumbled against her neck feeling her tense and the smell of her arousal fading.
When she didn't answer he finally looked up as a foreign smell invaded his nostrils. His gaze fell on Camilla and his eyes suddenly shifted to amber practically glowing as a snarl ripped out of him. Rushing past Phoebe he stalked toward the intruding she wolf who dared interrupt his time with his mate in their private sanctum.
Camilla stared open-mouthed at the Adonis approaching her, his erect member peeking out from under the towel loosely tied around his waist. Even as his hand gripped her throat her wildest fantasies flitted through her mind. With a growl Jason squeezed cutting off her breath.
Camilla's eyes went wide as she struggled for breath clawing at his hand but Jason's grip was a vice. His claws sunk into her flesh causing pain to shoot through her as he dragged her back through the floor and tossed her down the first set of stairs. She rolled with a shriek crumpling at the bottom. She gasped for breath. Tears streaked down her cheeks as pain coursed through her. Hesitantly she looked up to see him standing over her fur bristling as he fought his wolf for control. It was clear if his wolf won she would be ripped to shreds in moments.
But why? "Alpha?"
She looked over her shoulder as a warrior arrived summoned by Phoebe's mindlink. It was clear he hadn't been informed the full extent of the situation given the way he stared at the naked she wolf at Jason's feet.
"Get this thing out of my sight!" Jason growled. "And find out how she got into my suite without being stopped!"
"Y-yes Alpha!" the pack warrior seized Camilla's arm and dragged her away.
She struggled casting a pleading look toward Jason but he had already turned away. His arms were wrapped around Phoebe who had hurriedly put on a robe before following them. He breathed deep taking in her scent to calm himself. "Angel, are you all right?"
"I'm fine," Phoebe assured him leaning into his chest. She had been surprised when she realized they weren't alone but she hadn't been hurt.
Jason groaned trailing kisses down her neck reaching her mark. Phoebe shivered as tingles shot through her like an electrical current. With a growl he swept her off her feet and carried her bridal-style to their bedroom kicking the door closed. He set her down on her feet as they reached the bed.
Capturing her mouth he tugged open her robe before tossing it aside. Her body was warm against his and his erect member still ready for her. With a groan they fell back onto the bed. Her back arched pressing her pelvis against his but the adrenaline coursing through him required something more.
Jason stood turning her over and pulling her hips toward him until she stood bent over in front of him. Phoebe tensed. This was not the first time he had taken her from behind but it had always been on the bed. He thrust into her far more savagely than ever before. She moaned in surprise at the sudden intrusion but it was quickly masked by pleasure as he withdrew and thrust into her again.
Their bodies slammed into each other with a fast, unforgiving pace. Phoebe groaned her insides aching. She struggled to keep herself propped up as he forced her over the edge. Her body tensed and squeezed him as he filled her, claiming her with savage possessiveness before they both collapsed in satisfied exhaustion.
***
Jason slowly stirred pulling Phoebe close to nuzzle her.
Phoebe sighed as he nibbled her ear. She shivered and chuckled but didn't dare move afraid her body would not respond.
"Did I hurt you?" Jason gently pulled her to face him.
"...No" she smiled. "But next time maybe warn me."
Jason chuckled kissing her, savoring her soft lips. Before meeting Phoebe Jason used to roll his eyes whenever Lucille and Ben hunkered themselves into a convenient corner and spent hours kissing and touching each other. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. He wondered how they could go at it with such indiscrimination but now he understood.
When Phoebe was close he couldn't keep his hands from reaching for her. When she wasn't nearby he longed for her and often had to fight himself not to go searching for her. If it wasn't for Luke's nagging he wouldn't get any work done.
Her scent was intoxicating and he couldn't get enough. The spicy note to her scent flared confirming her desire for him and his chest rumbled with a low growl.
"Sorry, angel," he muttered. He had never wanted to take her like that: like a crazed animal, but there was no denying how satisfying it had been. There was something about claiming her with no semblance of self-control that stirred him and his wolf. "Was it..." She pulled him close kissing him. Their tongues twisted around each other, enticing him. But instead of satisfying him it only stoked his appetite. Phoebe smiled as their lips slowly parted, "It was invigorating."
"Good," Jason sighed. As long as she hadn't been hurt then it was all right. Even so he felt her discomfort through their bond. No doubt she was still recovering and more than a little sore from the rough way he claimed her. "Let me make it up to you." "And how are you going to do that?"
"Well" Jason kissed her, "I'll kiss you until it doesn't hurt anymore."
"That might take a while. It might take all night."
"I don't mind," his lips drifted down her neck working his way to her chest and teasing first one b****t then the other.
Phoebe moaned. His mouth was so warm and his tongue incited waves of pleasure as her core ached for him. She should be tired, too tired for more but that didn't change the fact she wanted him, longed for him.
"Jason... what about...that she-wolf.." Phoebe sighed. She recalled the intruder well enough but her mind had difficulty maintaining the thought with how he stimulated her.
Jason growled not wanting to be reminded but answered her,
"I'll talk to William in the morning. He can deal with her.
Phoebe nodded. It was shame it had come to that. She had no sympathy for Camilla but William would be devastated.
It was bad enough she tried to force William into marking her but that she would even dare to seduce Jason who was happily mated. Not only did the she-wolf have no shame but she also lacked common sense. "Don't think about her," Jason kissed her before moving lower again slowly making his way past her navel. Phoebe shivered in anticipation. All other thoughts were quickly left behind.
###Chapter 39
Camilla lay on the cot shivering. She never realized Blue Moon had a prison. The cells were clean though sparse.
Hers only contained the cot firmly attached to the wall and an Asian-style toilet beside a sink also firmly attached to the silver-lined wall. They left her in the minimum security wing where the interior wall was only bars allowing her to see down the hall and the empty cells across from her own.
The pack warrior hadn't even asked her name before tossing her into the cell without a second thought. Securing the door he left her without a word or blanket and her dress was still somewhere on the alpha's floor. The silver bars as well as the walls prevented her from contacting William so she was forced to stay put through the long, cold night.
Memory of the confrontation on the alpha floor was burned into her mind. Jason was everything she imagined. But with that was also the image of his company and the way he practically devoured Phoebe fresh out of the shower.
The smell of their recent lovemaking was thick in the steam wafting around them. Hee was clearly eager for more.
He had taken one look at Camilla's voluptuous form and flew into a rage. Tossing her aside like a piece of trash, he immediately turned back to Phoebe. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. As much disgust and anger as he had exhibited toward Camilla, he was filled with longing and l**t as he swept Phoebe off her feet and carried her away. Jason was clearly wrapped around her finger. How did such a petite, inadequately endowed she wolf managed to snag the most desirable alpha in the entire world?
"Here she is."
Camilla jerked to attention at the sound of the deep, male voice. Jason stood at the front of the cell staring at her through the bars with a look of distain. He was joined by another and her stomach dropped as William came into her view. William curled his lip in disgust.
"I'll leave her to you," Jason said before departing without a second look.
Her guard appeared unlocking the door and granted William access before disappearing. Camilla stood as William entered. Licking her lips she tried to prepare an excuse. Before she said a word he slapped her across the face causing her to stumble back in surprise. "So I'm not good enough for you, is that it?" William growled. "All that talk about being chosen mates was all lies. You just want to be Luna, you don't care whose!"
"Of course I care."
"That's right, you want to be Jason's even though he already has his Luna!"
"She's just a wolfles..."
Another slap cut her off stinging her other cheek.
"She's a Luna! A true Luna! Something you will never be!"
William growled. "Get back to the room and get some clothes on. There are pups around here!"
He stalked out of the cell and left her to make her own way back to their room. Her face burned with embarrassment thinking he would eventually return to escort her, at least bring her something to cover herself up with, but the cells remained silent. Not even the guard came back to check on her. Eventually she had no choice but to accept William wasn't coming back.
Finally she stood and slowly made her way out, moving along the wall to the exit. A guard stood by but said nothing as she continued past the first gate and slowly made her way to the entrance where a pair of guards manned the counter. They barely looked at her despite her nudity. With her face burning red she marched toward the door. They buzzed her out allowing her to leave without a word.
The morning breeze was cool against her heated skin. Her wolf was a whimpering ball of self-pity in her mind and no amount of prodding succeeded in stirring her. With a disgusted growl Camilla turned in what she thought was the direction of the packhouse. Wolves had very little inhibitions when it came to nudity but Camilla couldn't shake her feelings of shame as she finally made it to her goal.
Slinking in the back door smells wafted from the kitchen telling her breakfast was being served. Breathing a sigh of relief knowing the hallways would be empty Camilla quickly made her way to the fourth floor and finally reached Williams room.
She would make that bitch pay. There was one surefire way to put Phoebe in her place. Camilla would challenge her for her Luna position. In front of the other alphas and lunas as witnesses Phoebe wouldn't be able to say no.
There was no way that wolfless bitch would be able to fend off Camilla's attacks. Then everyone would see her for what she was: worthless, weak and rejected. And Jason would realize the mistake he made.
He was a strong alpha and needed a strong luna. Camilla had no doubt in her mind that she was that she wolf.
Everyone would agree with her. They wouldn't be able to deny it.
***
"Mommy! Pancakes!" Emma squealed showing off her plate as Phoebe sat next to her.
"Emma, are you getting any of that in your mouth?" Phoebe chuckled gently wiping the pup's face before rubbing noses with her.
"So I heard you had an interesting night," Lucille said eyeing her to gauge her response.
Phoebe gave her sister-in-law a waning look. She wasn't surprised rumors were floating around the pack after she summoned a warrior to take the she wolf away before Jason killed her. It certainly wasn't a pleasant experience to be interrupted in the middle of their nightly activity but she didn't think it made appropriate table talk, especially not in front of the pups. Lucille seemed to catch the hint and smirked as she sipped her coffee in silence or perhaps she never expected an answer in the first place. She heard enough last night and Ben had a long discussion with several guards in the morning. As much as she wanted the information from the source Lucille supposed she could wait for a private moment.
"Daddy!" Emma greeted as Jason approached.
Smiling he kissed the top of the pups' heads. His heart swelled with pride to see his family compete: mother, sister, mate and pups. It definitely made his long wait worth it.
"Is everything all right?" Phoebe asked sensing his inner disquiet.
"Yeah. Everything's taken care of."
She nodded not needing more explanation.
"Alpha Jason."
He turned breaking out with a smile as he reached to shake the offered had, "Alpha Reed. I've been waiting for you."
The other grimaced not sure if he should be flattered or apprehensive. Jason was never an alpha to take lightly.
Now that he was mated that influence was certain to grow.
In fact, Reed could already feel it. His wolf was tucking its tail between its legs in acknowledgment of Jason's authority. It was an uncomfortable feeling for any alpha. But even among alphas there was rank.
"Phoebe," Jason reached for her. She placed her hand in his and allowed herself to be drawn out of her seat to stand in his embrace. "Phoebe, this is Alpha Reed of Harvest Moon, the one I told you about. Reed, this is my mate and Luna, Phoebe."
Reed's height rivaled Jason's and his frame was thin and wiry. What he lacked in overall bulk and strength he made up for in speed. He was not an alpha to be taken lightly though like most in his pack he was an intellectual. Harvest Moon specialized in medicine and had developed most of the medical techniques packs currently employed. They also held patents on various medicines and equipment that revolutionized human medical treatments.
She smiled warmly as he looked at her with undisguised shock. It was clear she was not the she wolf he expected and like her wolf she was amused, "Hello, Alpha Reed. It's nice to meet you. Jason has told me a lot about you and your pack." "Y-yes. Thank you. It's nice to meet you too, Luna Phoebe," Reed stuttered trying to find his words. "Forgive me, but I wasn't..."
"You were expecting someone else," she nodded feeling
Jason tense though he remained outwardly calm.
"You know?"
"We met briefly," Phoebe acknowledged. "I certainly can't fault her for her taste but it's rather unbecoming to covet a place that was not meant for you."
Reed smiled, "That is very true. I am happy to see Jason has finally found his fated mate. Chloe will be upset she missed seeing you."
"She didn't come with you?" Jason asked relaxing now that the conversation moved past Katrina.
"No. She's almost six months along with our third pup,"
Reed shook his head.
Jason nodded in understanding. For as long as he had known the other alpha, Reed had been mated to his fated partner, Chloe. Reed had been lucky that his mate was the daughter of his father's beta. They had grown up together and eagerly accepted each other as soon as their wolves emerged.
Jason had always been jealous of him. But those days were in the past. Now he had Phoebe. Jason bowed his head to nuzzle her and breathe in her scent, reassuring himself she was indeed in his arms. He often dreamed of his mate but he would never be able to imagine her scent.
Reed cleared his throat well aware of a male's attachment to his mate. In fact he was aching because of the distance separating him from his own. He almost declined the invitation when it first arrived knowing Chloe wouldn't be able to attend. But the invitation had arrived with a request for a private meeting indicating a business proposal Jason did not want to discuss through open channels.
Blue Moon was a pack that specialized in security while Harvest Moon's expertise was medicine. They were two different worlds that seldom crossed. Reed was intrigued by what kind of proposal Jason intended. Chloe urged him to attend without her and at least hear the other alpha out.
Jason was a reasonable wolf and whatever he wanted to discuss was no doubt important.
Reed was already glad he decided to attend now that he confirmed Jason found his fated mate. With Phoebe by his side he would become a major influence among the other alphas so keeping him and Blue Moon as close allies would benefit Harvest Moon. It was clear Jason had the same intention if he was already seeking some sort of alliance.
"My mate couldn't attend, so I brought my sister instead,"
Reed said. "This is my sister, Lily."
He turned to the female beside him who had remained silent during their introductions. She was almost as tall and just as lanky as her brother standing just shy of six feet.
Her brown hair was tied back in a low ponytail and seemed stringy, lacking care. She was also pale and there were dark rings under her eyes. Phoebe recognized the signs and her heart went out to the other she wolf. It was clear Lily was suffering from a rejection and had been filling her sleepless nights with research.
Before she could greet the visiting she wolf another voice intruded, "Excuse me, Jason..."
They turned to see William approach. His expression was downcast and shamed by last night's events. He thought it was best if he left for the time being not wanting to sour the mood of the weekend. But as he approached he was suddenly hit by the scent of strongly sweet bluebells with a more subtle minty smell. The smell brought him to a sudden halt as he stared at the statuesque she wolf in front of him.
Like the others Lily had turned at the sound of males voice and now stood transfixed as the scent of sandalwood and clove filled her nose. Jason moved to say something but Phoebe stopped him with a nudge, a gentle smile on her face. William finally broke his silence with a hesitant question, "
Mate?"
Lily trembled as she nodded. William finally moved closing the distance between them pulling her towards him. He eagerly captured her mouth with longing and tenderness she couldn't believe. She was several inches taller than him despite wearing flats but that meant nothing as he eagerly explored her mouth.
Jason and Reed stood in open shock. Neither had expected this turn of events. Phoebe leaned against Jason pulling his arms around her. He sensed her contentment and hugged her close.
When the pair finally broke their hungry kiss Phoebe cleared her throat saying, "Perhaps you two would like to have your breakfast at a quieter table?"
She gestured toward a few tables scattered along the wall that offered a little more privacy. The pair merely nodded and made their way to one of them not taking their eyes off each other. Phoebe bit her lip trying to contain her mirth even as she opened a mindlink.
"Gloria?"
"Yes, Luna."
"I know you are busy but I would appreciate if someone could head to Alpha William's suite and...fumigate it. He just met his fated mate and I don't think she'd appreciate another female's scent." "Of course, Luna. Leave it to us."
###Chapter 40
Phoebe closed the link as Reed spoke, "Well.. this is unexpected." "I'll say," Jason seconded.
"No. You don't understand. Lily..."
"Was rejected by her first mate," Phoebe nodded.
"How did you."
"Wolves recognize their own."
Reed blinked slowly understanding, "You were also rejected.
Phoebe nodded feeling Jason's embrace tighten. He hated any sort of reference to her first mate but the memory barely stung now. His love and care overshadowed anything she felt before meeting him. She was far more interested in Lily's story. "Her first mate was one of our warriors," Reed explained."
She met him on her eighteenth birthday. He was a bit of a playboy but he was also two years older than her which means..."
"He already knew she was his mate," Phoebe surmised.
"And he still carried on with his relationships," Reed wrinkled his nose in disgust. "He rejected her immediately saying a warrior needed a strong she wolf not some nerd and she shouldn't be taller than him either." Phoebe shivered at the males callousness but the irony was not lost on her. Lily was rejected because of her height and William feared rejection because of his. Aloud she said, "So what happened to this warrior?"
"After the rejection he didn't change. He flaunted his affairs in front of her. I couldn't let anyone do that to my sister so I sent him to a pack in Texas we share ties with."
Phoebe was glad Lily had such a caring brother.
"Lily has locked herself in her lab for over two years," Reed said. "This is the first time I managed to drag her out."
Phoebe nodded. She was no stranger to sleepless nights locked in her room with her books after her rejection.
Though she never told her parents about it she was certain they knew. Prior to her rejection they took most of their meals at the packhouse. Afterwards all their meals were conducted at home.
Reed stared at his sister as she cuddled in William's lap. He held her close nuzzling and kissing her as if in pure rapture.
Reed only knew the other alpha through brief encounters and official meetings so his knowledge was limited. He did recall William and Jason were good friends and close allies so it gave him some measure of comfort that his sister was in good hands. Though, from the look of it, William had no intention of letting his new-found mate go.
"So..." Jason cleared his throat, "there is an alpha meeting scheduled later but I would like to speak with you privately before then."
"Oh, but neither of you have had breakfast," Phoebe said.
"We'll take something up with us," Jason kissed her temple.
Reed hesitated looking over at his sister.
"Don't worry. I'll keep an eye on them," Phoebe assured him.
Reed smiled gratitude. Knowing Phoebe suffered a similar humiliation made him certain she would indeed watch over his sister. Perhaps she could even talk to Lily about her rejection. Talking was the one thing not even Chloe could coax from her sister-in-law. Jason gave her another quick kiss before the alphas departed heading for his office.
Phoebe watched them go before looking over at William and Lily again. As her gaze swept the dining hall it landed on another she-wolf slipping in.
Máni pressed forward eager for the confrontation to come.
Phoebe was less enthusiastic but she wouldn't let the other interrupt the new bond. This was as much for Lily's future happiness as it was for William's.
***
Camilla had hurriedly showered and quickly changed into a short skirt and tube-top. She had to speak to William and convince him it was all a mistake. His complex about his height made it easy to manipulate him. Once she convinced him no other female would want him he would gladly return to her arms.
Then she would challenge Phoebe for her title. Once she proved Phoebe was nothing but a weak, wolfless human she would have Jason eating out of her hands. Then both alphas would be willing to fight each other for her and Camilla could pick the winner as her mate. It was the perfect plan.
She sauntered into the dining hall ignoring the stares and snickers directed toward her. Camilla wouldn't let anyone shame her. She had chosen her future and wouldn't be satisfied with anything less. Her gaze swept the room looking for one wolf. She figured he would be hiding in the corner so she wasn't surprised to see him tucked in a secluded nook.
What did surprise her was the lean she-wolf cuddled in his lap. His mouth hungrily devoured her sucking hard on her marking spot. Her lean form convulsed with pleasure grinding against him trying hard not to moan out loud as those around them tried to ignore the smell of their mutual arousals.
Camilla's face turned beet red at the audacity of another taking advantage of her empty seat. Growling she moved to confront them only to find herself pulled away and shoved into the kitchen. Her wolf whimpered tucking its tail even before she turned to face the wolf who accosted her and found Phoebe blocking her path. Her eyes shimmered silver as she eyed Camilla with a frown.
"Now, I know you weren't about to cause a scene in there," Phoebe said, "were you?"
Camilla's wolf retreated even further leaving her to confront Phoebe alone. They stood in the kitchen out of sight of the visiting alphas and lunas as well as the majority of the Blue Moon pack itself. Only the kitchen staff was present to bear witness though they kept their eyes averted and busied themselves with their work
"What business is it of yours?" Camilla sneered but shivered under Phoebes steady gaze.
"This is my pack and I will not tolerate anyone disrupting it,
"Phoebe growled softly. "I also will not tolerate a she-wolf who doesn't know her place." "William..."
"Alpha William to you" Phoebe corrected. "He has found his fated mate. There is no place for you at his side. There never was. You were only ever keeping that place warm for another."
Camilla felt her face warm. She wanted to scream, to throw things but Phoebe's steady, piercing gaze held her in place as her Luna aura made her wolf cower and retreat until Camilla couldn't even sense it.
"You really shouldn't be surprised," Phoebe admonished."
You knew this was going to happen from the moment you rejected your own mate."
Camilla stiffened. She hadn't told anyone about her fated mate. He had been the pack's gardener and approached her with a bouquet declaring his love and devotion. Camilla had wrinkled her nose in disdain. Fighting her wolf she rejected him. She knew she deserved better. She deserved to be loved and worshipped like a Luna and pursued William with no second thoughts. When she heard her mate left the pack completely broken she hadn't shown any emotion or attachment. "H-how did you know that?"
"A wolf recognizes its own," Phoebe smiled but there was no warmth in her expression. "It also recognizes those that offend it. Just as I recognize the rejected. I also recognize their rejecters."
Camilla bit her lip. No one had ever called her out on her past actions before. Phoebes eyes reflected her amusement.
"Your fated mate would have worshipped you and treated you like a queen," Phoebe admonished her. "He's here if you care to see him."
Camilla felt the blood drain from her face. He was here? In this pack?
"Don't expect him to be happy to see you," Phoebe cautioned. "He has his second chance mate. She's a nurse and a wonderfully caring she-wolf. They are having their first pup soon."
Camilla was shaking. How could this be? He was supposed to pine for her forever while she reveled in the love of the pack as their Luna. Her wolf shuddered at the news. For as long as Camilla had pursued William it had pined for its mate. "..What do I care about that loser?" Camilla scoffed though she found it difficult to maintain her bravado as her wolf mourned.
"Is he the loser?" Phoebe asked. "You're the one who is alone."
Camilla wanted to growl but the weight of Phoebes aura held her in place.
"I've already asked the maids to move your things to a new room on the third floor. It'll be down the east wing. I suggest you stay quiet for the rest of the weekend and think long and hard about where you will go now. I doubt very much you'll be welcomed back at Winter Moon and you won't be tolerated here."
With that Phoebe finally released Camilla from her aura and left the she wolf to consider her options. There were plenty of alphas, lunas and betas she could plead to let her join their ranks though they were all aware of her situation.
Still one might take pity on her.
###Chapter 41
William gave no thought to his hosts or breakfast as he led his mate to a quiet corner. Sitting down he pulled her into his lap unable to stand the least bit of distance. She trembled like a leaf as he buried his nose into the nape of her neck breathing in her rich, earthy scent. His mouth was watering and he was eager to feast on her.
She moaned softly as his hand caressed her thigh and he nibbled at her ear. Over the years he had several partners and thought Jason's insistence on saving himself for his mate was naive and unnecessary but now he finally understood and he regretted all the time he wasted on those other she-wolves.
None of them could compare to the statuesque beauty in his lap. She was not his usual type being much thinner and lacking curves. She was also quite pale and his wolf paced the back of his mind, upset. Something was off. Her scent was intoxicating but it didn't seem healthy. Was she not eating enough? Was she working too hard? Why wasn't she taking better care of herself?
Despite his concerns no she wolf had ever stirred him like she did. Her scent consumed him. His skin tingled as if with an electrical current. William's mind was buzzing and his only clear thought was how it would feel to be inside her.
His hand slid between her thighs seeking his ultimate goal.
Her scent became richer as her arousal suddenly spiked With a whimper she pushed away overwhelmed earning a soft growl from him.
"W-wait," she gasped trying to regain some control over her body.
"What is it, baby?" William spoke in a husky whisper trying to catch his own breath.
"I-I don't even know you," she stuttered though her wolf grumbled wanting his mouth on them again.
William chuckled. Perhaps he did get rather carried away," Will, I'm the Alpha of Winter Moon."
"You're an alpha?" she bit her lip. "And you're not disappointed in me?"
"Why would I be disappointed?" William scoffed. "You are beautiful. Tell me your name."
"...Lily."
"Hmm," William pulled her close nuzzling her. "Beautiful. So beautiful. My beautiful Lily. Shall we go somewhere more private?"
"Where?" Lily nervously glanced around them. This was her first visit to Blue Moon and she had no idea just what kind of facilities it employed.
"My room?"
Lily hesitated even as he nibbled on her again. He seemed insatiable and obsessed with her neck. She had never been very feminine and never garnered the attention of others.
Making it even more difficult was the fact she was so much taller than most other wolves. Her only hope had been her fated mate but those hopes were crushed after he rejected her without a second thought.
Lily never dreamed of a second chance mate. Her wolf barely functioned weeks afterward and she drowned herself in her work. Work was safe. She spent days in the lab refusing to even look at the sun. Gradually her wolf returned but it was a shell of its former self and she renewed her dedication to research.
She knew she was worrying her brother but she couldn't help it especially as she continued to feel her mate's betrayal nearly every night. Why though? He had broken their bond yet she endured the pain night after night and sometimes during the day. Finally her brother seemed to get wise and sent her mate away. Distance certainly helped dull the lingering ache and gradually it faded but she still refused to leave her lab.
All she knew was work until the invitation to Blue Moon's Luna Ceremony. Chloe was too far along in her pregnancy so the burden of attending fell on her as her brother's sibling. Lily knew it was a ploy to get her out of the lab but she didn't have it in her to fight even knowing how worthless it was. But she didn't expect this.
Was this all right? Lily gasped as he hungrily devoured her focusing on the spot where her neck and shoulder met sending jolts through her body and awakening sensations she thought long dead. Her wolf wiggled in pleasure almost comatose yet also whimpering for more. Lily was rapidly losing her self-control.
William's hand slid toward her core again and she gasped as he rubbed her through her trousers stoking a fire she didn't know could even be lit. He growled approval nipping her skin.
"Let's get out of here, baby," he whispered.
"...okay."
With a groan he managed to stand. Threading his fingers through hers he tugged her after him. Leaving the curious and bemused gazes of the crowd they headed upstairs.
William couldn't contain himself. The moment she agreed he practically flew up the stairs. Lily had never visited this pack before but she knew they didn't flaunt their wealth and prestige. Yet the deep colors and rich fabrics gave the packhouse and the room William brought her to a stately feel. He paused at the door as if suddenly remembering something however a few sniffs had him relaxing again.
Turning back to her he gently ushered her inside before closing the door. He had queer, almost sheepish grin, as if caught doing something wrong. Lily looked at him with some confusion. She sniffed the room but couldn't detect anything strange. If anything it lacked discernible scents as if recently cleaned
"Sorry," he cleared his throat, "now where were we?"
William pulled her close, pressing their bodies together. She was almost a half foot taller but he didn't seem at all daunted by their height difference. His eyes gleamed with anticipation.
"Where would you like to start?"
"I...I don't know...I've never...
He growled low. It rumbled in his chest like a purr setting her on edge. The sound traveled through her like a current.
Goosebumps trailed up her limbs but her legs felt like jelly.
Her wolf was again rolling as if in a field of flowers.
"Then we'll take it slow," William whispered drawing her close for a kiss.
Her entire body convulsed with pent-up need, things she thought she didn't possess, things she thought she buried.
He lifted the edge of her blouse and slowly peeled it away.
His touch sent shocks through her entire body but it all seemed to pool in her core. For the first time she felt like her entire body is alive, electric.
His mouth found her breasts. She always thought they were too small but he didn't seem to mind at all as he teased them, swirling his tongue around them and nipping them with his teeth until her n*pples were erect and her mind completely undone. Lily didn't even realize he removed her slacks until she felt his fingers dive between her legs and tease her entrance.
"Oh! Ah!" Lily convulsed falling into him.
William groaned approval and half carried her to the bed Lily lay panting but he wasn't giving her a moment to rest as his fingers continued to play with her. She moaned and convulsed again. Waves of pleasure ricocheted through her. Was this an orgasm? "Did you like that?" William muttered. "Does my Luna want more?"
"I'm not...y-yes please. More."
A growl tore through him when she tried to deny her place at his side but he relaxed at her assent. He wanted her, wanted every part of her but his wolf was nagging him.
Something was off. Her wolf was too silent, afraid to connect to him. They had to go slow, coax them both to accept their connection. That was fine. If Jason could romance his mate then so could he.
He moved lower savoring every inch of her skin noting the prominence of her ribs. She wasn't just tall and thin, she was underweight. His wolf whimpered at her poor condition but that was fine. They would take care of that soon enough. Reaching his goal he took his prize eagerly in his mouth sucking on her nub and sending her into pure ecstasy.
Never before had such a sound given him such a rush. The smell of her arousal was warm and sweet like honey. It made his mouth water. He was practically bursting but his wolf was right. He had to go slow and he would love every minute.
Lily whimpered trying to catch her breath. Her body shivered uncontrollably as aftershocks from her o****m slowly dissipated. She was happy for a moment to collect her thoughts. Her wolf too seemed to be trying to recover. It stretched happily and slightly disappointed it was over.
Lily shifted looking for William to see him standing in front of her staring at her with a gaze burning with desire as he pulled off his shirt before undoing his belt. Letting his pants drop to the floor he continued to stare at her. She blushed as her gaze settled on his engorged member already shining with its precum and she realized they weren't finished at all. They were only getting started.
###Chapter 42
Phoebe emerged from the kitchen her aura once again under control and her eyes their usual gray color. Máni had retreated laughing with glee at finally exercising their aura and command. Phoebe shivered at the aura they had exuded. It was almost frightening but she had been just as upset by the she-wolf's constant interference. She would not let anyone disturb William and Lily's bond until it was firmly established. Lily had already suffered one rejection and if she was anything like Phoebe she would fear and expect another.
Who would want a wolf that was so easily rejected by their fated mate? That insecurity had almost ruined Phoebe's second chance and she wouldn't allow someone to prey on Lily's insecurities and ruin hers. She had a feeling it wouldn't be long at all before the bond between Lily and William was unbreakable. "Luna."
She turned to see Ben. Giving him a questioning look she waited for him to continue. He seemed embarrassed by his actions the previous night but she found it rather endearing. She recalled many nights singing with her father while her mother played his favorite eighties hits.
"The alpha meeting will be starting in a couple hours and I've been reminding everyone but I can't seem to find Alpha William."
Phoebes gaze slid toward the corner William and Lily had occupied but it was empty. It hadn't been long since she took Camilla aside and Máni wiggled with amusement.
Phoebe blushed lightly. She had a feeling she knew where they had gone. A brief link to Gloria confirmed their retreat as well as assurances that his room had been prepared so nothing should disturb the eager pair.
Clearing her throat Phoebe turned her attention back to the waiting gamma saying, "Alpha William just met his mate so I think he's a little... occupied at the moment."
Ben's gaze widened in surprise but Phoebe held in her chuckle.
"Unless there is something urgent about today's meeting! think it's best to leave him for now. He can be informed later."
"Of course, Luna," Ben bowed fighting a smile. It was unlikely they would see the alpha until dinner if not breakfast the next morning.
Sharing his thoughts Phoebe mindlinked the cooks, "Myra, in about an hour or so could you send up breakfast to Alpha William's suite. Just knock and leave it outside the door."
"Of course, Luna."
Satisfied Phoebe sat back down as Blake and Emma finished their breakfast. Gradually the alphas separated themselves into groups to discuss pack activities and recent rogue attacks. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Some left to speak in private prior to the meeting leaving their lunas and a few children behind Phoebe sighed looking over her remaining guests. Quite a few already knew each other making Phoebe the odd one out.
They had been welcoming the previous night but she also sensed unrest with them as she was new and very little was known about her. Well, she supposed they knew she could play piano. But that didn't tell them if she would be a good ally or not. Jason was a strong alpha and well-known. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Somehow she had to show she was his equal but how was she supposed to instill that kind of confidence when she still didn't trust her own abilities? After all, she was only just beginning to settle into Blue Moon.
"Becky, where are you going?" a Luna asked as her daughter stood.
"I was going up to my room. It's not like there is anything else to do."
Phoebe grimaced at the young blonde's attitude. She supposed hanging around with older women would be rather boring. Rimrock never hosted any large events so she wasn't certain how other packs handled such a situation with so many important guests. "Well, you never know, Luna Phoebe might have something planned," the Luna tried to console her daughter.
"Like what? A book club? A dance marathon?"
"A pool party." Phoebe said letting her voice carry over the murmuring crowd
Neither Luna nor daughter had made any effort to keep their voices low so Phoebe felt no need to make an effort to ignore them. If they wanted to cause a scene she was happy to let them. They certainly wouldn't rattle her.
"Of course, if you didn't bring a swimsuit I understand if you want to skip it," Phoebe added. "It's such a nice day it doesn't make much sense to spend it indoors. I thought a lunch on the patio with cocktails would be nice for everyone." "Mommy, can we go swimming now?" Emma bounced in her seat.
"Absolutely. Let's go change."
The other lunas seemed surprised by her dismissal. Phoebe wanted to make friends but she wasn't about to pander to them. Máni wagged her tail in approval. They didn't need to play nice with these she wolves...if anything these wolves needed to learn to play nice with them.
Changing into swimsuits Phoebe took the pups outside.
Not unlike Rimrock, Blue Moon had a large pool surrounded by a wide patio. During her welcome party they hadn't used the pool but Blake and Emma were naturally curious about it especially after Norah assured them they were welcome to swim in it as long as someone was watching over them. Not wanting the pups to be bored Phoebe had already invited the daycare to bring the other pups as well.
When they reached the pool several pups as well as their daily caretakers were already there. Phoebe slipped into the water hanging out in the shallows as Blake and Emma splashed with the other young pups. She accepted a two-year-old from one of the other she-wolves and held it as the pup giggled and splashed.
Norah and Lucille joined her shortly after. The latter smirked, "You realize you are the talk of the day."
"Is that so?" Phoebe seated herself on the submerged steps cuddling the little pup. "So what are they saying about me?
"Mostly how they can't figure you out," Lucille sat on the edge of the pool and dangled her legs in the water. "They don't know how a Luna could play piano and sing or why you and Jason would adopt pups before having your own.
And they definitely don't know what to think about a Luna that hangs out at the pool playing with pups."
"If I knew it was going to be that easy to throw them I wouldn't have tried so hard," Phoebe chuckled.
Lucille laughed and even the daycare she wolves smiled.
They would be the first to admit their Luna was not ordinary but the more they learned about her the more they wondered why others were not like her.
"Oh my," they looked up to see a she-wolf approach clutching a towel. "You weren't kidding."
Phoebe smiled, "I never do. And you are?"
"Koko," the Luna introduced herself. "I'm from the Peace
River Pack."
Unlike most of the wolves Phoebe met Koko was not typical in physique or temperament. Her long, straight hair was black rather than brown or blonde and she had a much darker complexion. She was tall, taller than Phoebe but her clothes were simple in comparison to the others who tended to wear name brands as a sign of their packs
prosperity.
"Hello Koko. Come and join us," Phoebe encouraged. "The water's fine."
Koko hesitated before pulling off her tank top to reveal a black bikini. She shed her jeans next before stepping into the water to join her on the submerged steps.
"This is Billy," Phoebe introduced the pup in her lap.
"An orphan?"
"No. His father is one of our top warriors."
"Can I ask you a question?"
"Of course."
"..Playing piano. Why did you learn that?"
"My mother played and she taught me."
"But what purpose does it serve?"
Phoebe shrugged, "Does every skill need a purpose? My mother was the head of the pack's kitchen in my former pack and my father was one of their groundskeepers. She taught me to cook. He taught me about plants. Neither of those skills will serve me much as a Luna but I still enjoy them."
Koko was silent thinking.
"Because I know how to cook I know the effort that goes into making meals for so many so when I thank our kitchen staff for their efforts they know I'm being sincere," Phoebe continued. "I don't know how to make medicine but I do know how difficult it is to find and collect certain herbs so I recognize the efforts of our medical staff to keep everything in stock. I won't win any awards for playing piano but it brings joy to others including myself."
Koko chewed her lip before saying, "I actually play guitar."
"You two should play a duet tonight!" Lucille chirped.
"Well, I've never played for anyone but my grandfather. He's the one who taught me," Koko said, blushing.
"All the more reason to show it off, Lucille encouraged. She was for anything that would continue to confound the other lunas. "I'm sure we could find a guitar."
"I'll think about it," Koko said unused to anyone taking an interest in her talents. Most only cared about her combat skills and negotiating abilities.
"So tell me about your pack," Phoebe prompted.
"Well we specialize in growing herbs...
They chatted comfortably and eventually other lunas, betas and their children made their way out. The younger wolves immediately took to the water joining the older pups from Blue Moon. The lunas were more reluctant not sure what to do in such a casual atmosphere. Usually they tried to keep visiting lunas busy with a carefully scheduled itinerary.
There was always an unspoken competition between them to dominate the room. Unlike alphas who had a clear rank due to relative strength of their auras luna rank was more subtle and not always clearly defined. That was why gathering allies and creating the biggest following was vitally important. But Phoebe defied expectations.
She didn't act like a luna. Last night she was a welcoming hostess but there was also something distant about her as if she expected them to fall in line behind her. What made the feeling even more difficult to ignore was how their inner wolves reacted: lowering their head and tails in submission or completely rolling belly up whenever she was near.
Then Phoebe had taken to the piano playing with unbelievable skill all to entertain the pups. And when the Gamma made a fool of himself, she joined him with her beautiful voice softening his. It was clear the Blue Moon pack was infatuated with their Luna as was their Alpha.
Ostracizing Phoebe was out of the question. They couldn't risk insulting Blue Moon nor could they risk falling out of favor with Jason.
It was unlikely any of the Blue Moon pack would act as an insider for them to gain leverage over Phoebe either. Plenty of rumors swirled around her, about her rejection, adopting orphan pups and being wolfless. Yet the confrontation with Camilla proved Phoebe bore no shame about any of those rumors.
Despite being rejected once she held her head high and proud. When it came to the pups it was clear she loved them as her own. What was more...Jason also treated them as his own. The pups even called him daddy. She hadn't given an answer to the claim she was wolfless but she showed no sign that there would be any sort of hindrance when it was time for the moonlit run. Was that rumor wrong?
Now Phoebe was in the pool with the other she-wolves in charge of minding the pups. She held a two-year-old in her lap as if she were its mother laughing and chatting with wolves far below her standing. Yet she treated them as equals. The idea seemed laughable to the other lunas who thought the only way to handle their pack was to be aloof and dominant. Lower and higher ranks simply didn't mix.
And yet they saw not just Phoebe but also Lucille and former Luna Norah all relaxing with the other she-wolves in the pool. Not only that but another luna had already joined them. Koko was considered a lower-ranked Luna because her pack was small: barely three hundred members. She had no strong allies with the other Lunas since her pack did not have any valuable resources to trade.
But Phoebe didn't seem to care as she chatted easily with the other. Koko seemed perfectly at ease as well. The other lunas were almost ready to suspect the pair knew each other before the meeting but that was impossible since Phoebe had been unranked prior to mating with Jason.
###Chapter 43
"Have a seat," Jason nodded as he grabbed a folder from his desk.
Reed stepped into the office wildly apprehensive and he was surprised to see they were not alone. Seated in a chair Elder Ansel benignly smiled as he sipped his coffee.
"I hope you don't mind," Jason said. "I asked Elder Ansel here so that he could answer any questions you have."
Reed nodded to their elder. Now he was confused and intrigued. It wasn't all that unusual for the Wolf Council to send a representative to a Luna Ceremony especially when it involved one of the larger packs but they weren't generally needed for an alpha meeting and certainly not an informal meeting between two alphas. He watched Jason curiously as he joined them.
"Coffee?"
"No thank you," Reed shook his head.
"Very well. Please take a look at this" Jason handed him the file and sat quietly as he looked it over.
Opening it Reed quickly read through it. His pack specialized in medicine so he easily identified the results of a medical trial: healing rate increase fifty percent, scar formation decreased sixty percent, and such. Flipping over the first sheet he found a series of photographs depicting a young she wolf with four deep lacerations across her cheek. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. There were five pictures total showing the healing of the wounds until the final picture where she was fully healed. There were no scars and one would find it difficult to believe she had been wounded at all. What was even more remarkable was that the duration between pictures was only twenty-four hours. "And what am I looking at?" Reed finally asked.
"Two weeks ago my pack applied for a patent for a new healing balm," Jason explained. "That is the result of our study as well as the Council's preliminary study. The pictures are of a she-wolf in this very pack who was wounded and received treatment with the balm. It is designed to heal wounds inflicted by silver."
Reed had been ready to shrug off the results until Jason delivered the final sentence. His eyes went wide with shock though Jason remained calm. Reed's gaze flickered to the elder.
"I can confirm everything Alpha Jason said is true," Ansel nodded.
"But..how?"
"I'm afraid I don't have the knowledge or expertise to even begin to explaining the medicine or the process to make it,"
Jason admitted. "You'd have to ask Phoebe for more details."
"Why would you mean..."
Jason nodded with a smile, "Phoebe and her good friend created it... in her kitchen no less using herbs from her garden. Her friend is a nurse."
"But she only recently arrived here," Reed said, "which means this was developed elsewhere, in her former pack, shouldn't the patent belong to them?"
"If the Luna and her friend used any of their packs facilities, then yes," Ansel agreed. "Since it was created in her private home without relying on pack supplies we determined it should belong to the she wolves who created it giving their current pack full rights to a patent."
"But still...the other she-wolf is a nurse so..."
"She's also here," Jason said. "One of my warriors is her mate so she naturally came with us."
Reed sucked in a breath slowly processing everything he had been told. Two she-wolves, working independently, had managed to create a medicine to heal silver wounds a feat hundreds had tried and failed to do. It sounded like a fairytale but with the elder present he had to conclude it was the truth. One of those she-wolves was the destined Luna of one of the largest, most influential packs in the entire world.
"Why would they ever attempt such an enterprise?" Reed wondered out loud.
"I don't suppose there is any harm in revealing details,"
Jason replied. "The Luna of their former pack liked to paint her nails with silver. She also liked to turn her claws on pack members if she was displeased."
Reed stiffened. Silver was deadly to werewolves which made it an effective ploy against rogues. She wolves were generally weaker than males, but also faster. A quick strike with silver was not the most ludicrous idea for an attack technique. But actually painting their nails with the deadly substance was a new technique most shunned because of the risk of harming allies or themselves with exposure. The thought a Luna, of all wolves, would employ it so readily and harm pack members without a thought was unbelievable. "I see," Reed nodded. It would certainly give anyone, especially a Luna, motivation for a cure.
"As you know my pack specializes in security," Jason said,
"we now own the patent to this medicine but we lack the facilities and infrastructure to manufacture and distribute it effectively."
Reed settled in his seat understanding Jason's meaning.
Blue Moon would never be able to manufacture enough medicine to benefit more than his own pack and maybe one or two others. If the medicine was going to benefit the werewolf community as a whole Blue Moon would have to build the proper facilities...or partner with a pack already possessing such facilities.
Partnering with another pack meant less immediate profits for his own pack but ensured wider distribution of the medicine which would mean greater profits overall. For this endeavor Jason selected Harvest Moon. Reed felt honored but that didn't mean he was ready to commit just yet.
"Just how difficult is this medicine to make?"
"It's too early to be giving you details about the process," Jason said. "But I can tell you the ingredients: chamomile, sage, thyme, comfrey, vervain and balsam. As I understand they are herbs easily cultivated as long as the conditions are right."
"They are," Reed nodded. "But some are rather difficult to use. Comfrey, for example, is poisonous if not managed properly. And vervain is not easily acquired since it's not widely cultivated. Its main use is against vampires. Since the end of the werewolf-vampire wars no one has had much reason to grow it in great quantities."
Jason nodded. Though he lacked knowledge in herbs this had already been discussed with Bridget and Phoebe.
Aloud he said, "So I've been told. Bridget mentioned the possibility of substituting vervain to make a vampire-friendly version."
"Nearly every poison has medical benefits if used in the right preparations," Reed agreed. "Even wolfsbane has medical uses as long as it is used with caution. But removing vervain or substituting it would make it safer for vampires and give them the same benefits it gives us."
There was still some animosity between werewolves and vampires so it was possible offering a healing balm would help establish friendly relations with them. But in order to create it would mean further experimentation and trials that Reed's pack would be able to handle.
"The balm was tested with the Fae as well, as I understand it," Jason glanced at Ansel.
"Yes. That is correct. It was effective against silver wounds and to a lesser extent iron ones. As you know iron is quite deadly to the Fae."
Reed nodded. Just as with vampires there was the possibility of adjusting the formula to make it more effective for the Fae and other creatures. There was a myriad of possibilities and Jason was astute enough to see it. Still it left questions about supply, in particular with the herbs. Reed looked at Jason to see his eyes glazed and distant. He knew instantly the alpha was mindlinking
someone.
"How goes the negotiation?" Phoebe's voice intruded and Jason willing turned his attention to her.
"He is definitely intrigued. What about you?"
"The other lunas don't seem very impressed with my pool party idea. Oh, well.*
Jason was ready to console her but she didn't seem concerned. Some lunas held their positions for decades so it wasn't any wonder most wouldn't want to alter the status quo. Even so he wanted her to be accepted for no other reason than for her to have more friends and
acquaintances. But perhaps Phoebe was more comfortable with a smaller group.
"Pool party huh? So what are you doing now?"
"Sitting in the pool chatting with Lucille, Norah and the daycare wolves."
"Right-in the pool? What are you wearing?"
"My bikini. Why?"
A growl slipped into Jason's mindlink before he could stop it. It was just like before. His mate was wearing practically nothing while his warriors watched. Phoebe's laughter intruded distracting his thoughts. He relaxed. Even through a mindlink it was an intoxicating sound. "These are you handpicked warriors chosen to be my guard ...and two of them are female."
Jason stifled a chuckle. That was right. Garrison's team had taken over their duties. Watching over Phoebe during the gathering and ceremony was their first official assignment.
"So how are negotiations?"
"Good...although Reed has brought up a concem that it may be difficult to procure some of the herbs. Comfrey and vervain particularly."
"In that case you should introduce him to Alpha Atticus of Peace River."
"Who?"
"His pack is small but they've been cultivating herbs. They specialize in harder to grow and rare herbs. Their operation is small but they have room to expand with the right capitol and support." "How do you know this?"
"I'm talking to his Luna now."
Jason shook his head unable to stop his smile as he opened a new mindlink, "Luke."
"Yep."
"Do you know Alpha Atticus of Peace River?"
"Yeah. He's still in the dining hall!."
"Invite him to my office."
"Are you sure?"
"Very."
Jason stood as he closed the link and went to his cabinet.
Selecting scotch he brought several glasses to the table before pouring. Reed watched him.
"Prematurely celebrating?" the other alpha asked.
"Not quite" Jason smirked as a knock at the door announced the arrival of their visitor. "Come in."
"Alpha Atticus," Luke announced letting in the nervous wolf.
Atticus was on the shorter side for an alpha but had broad shoulders giving him the build of a line-backer. He had reddish-brown hair and sported a full beard making him look like Grizzly Adams.
"Please, come in and join us," Jason smiled. "Ansel, Reed, Alpha Atticus of Peace River. Atticus, Alpha Reed and Elder Ansel."
Reed raised an eyebrow at the alpha joined them. He wasn't sure what Jason's intentions were. Harvest Moon wasn't the only pack specializing in medicine after all. Perhaps Jason meant for them to compete for the rights to make and distribute the balm. "Atticus, my Luna tells me your pack specializes in herbs," Jason said after they sat down again. "Does that include comfrey and vervain?"
"Y-yes. We currently have a field of each."
Jason glanced at Reed whose eyes suddenly lit up with understanding. If Peace River could guarantee a supply than manufacturing large quantities of the medicine would be possible.
"How large are those fields?" Reed asked. "How much can you harvest?"
###Chapter 44
Atticus was taken aback by their questions but answered truthfully. "About a quarter acre, but we have plenty of room to expand. We've been trying to get contracts from other packs for herbs before dedicating more land."
Jason nodded sharing a look with Reed who also nodded.
It would take time for any pack to adjust their fields to make space for herbs they weren't already growing. Add to that the fact some herbs took two or three years to establish themselves it could be a very long wait. Just as he was looking to save time by partnering with a medically specialized pack they could also partner with a pack specializing in rare herbs to save even more time. Jason was far more astute than Reed gave him credit.
"If you had a million dollar investment, how long would it take to expand production?" Jason questioned.
Atticus hesitated. Not sure if he was serious.
"Make that two," Reed suddenly spoke. "My pack can certainly match that."
Atticus glanced from one alpha to the other. Never in a million years did he think he'd be this close to either let alone sitting in the middle of a negotiation. His pack was only four hundred and compared to Blue Moon or Harvest Moon that was nothing. Jason could sense the other's uncertainty and knew he would have to give a proper explanation to secure his help,
"My pack recently received a patent for a new medicine, one that heals silver wounds."
Atticus sucked in a breath. Jason wasn't surprised by his reaction and continued to his main point.
"Blue Moon isn't specialized in medicine which is why I have brought Alpha Reed here for discussion. However, as he pointed out, some of the herbs required are difficult to procure in large quantities." Atticus's eye lit up as he finally realized why he had been asked to join this discussion. Finally he said, "You need comfrey and vervain."
Jason nodded.
"With the kind of investment you are proposing we could easily expand the fields at least three-fold or more."
"And you can guarantee supply and quality?"
"Once the fields are established, yes."
"And how much will it cost to expand even more?" Jason asked.
Atticus hesitated. Spying the drinks on the table he snagged one and drank deeply to settle his nerves before he made his next proposal, "We can offer a discount...in exchange for a share of profits." Atticus held his breath as he waited for their reaction.
Normally he never would have dared but as alpha it was his responsibility to ensure his pack's future.
Jason blinked. Atticus's boldness was surprising and welcome. The proposal was all he needed to know Atticus understood the value of his pack's herbs and the value of the medicine. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. By sacrificing some immediate profits he was ensuring future financial gains for his pack. That took foresight not to mention courage to speak so openly in front of two high-ranking alphas. "Interesting," Jason finally said. "We haven't really gotten around to profit shares yet. I was intending for my pack to retain the majority: sixty-forty."
"Funny you should say that"" Reed said, "since my pack will be handling manufacturing, distribution and future development I was going to propose sixty-forty in our favor.
The alphas shared a chuckle and Atticus relaxed. It seemed his proposal didn't offend either of them. What was more they were taking it seriously. Enjoying a good natured laugh they settled in for a serious discussion. In truth Jason wasn't terribly concerned with his pack's profit share as long as Bridget and Phoebe received fair compensation at the creators. Future generations of werewolves would learn that the most revolutionary medicine in history was invented by a pair of remarkable she-wolves.
For their part Reed and Atticus not only wanted to ensure their packs were properly compensated but also friendly terms for the future. Close ties to Blue Moon could be hugely beneficial for both packs. Peace River was a small pack and the added security Blue Moon could provide would help it grow quickly. The same was true for Harvest Moon. Though they had their own warriors the pack was largely composed of intellectuals and scientists so Blue Moon could help them improve their security tenfold. Eventually settling on terms the alphas drafted a contract and signed the agreement under Ansel's watchful eye. Each would retain a copy for their records. Once the agreement was made the trio headed to the meeting room arriving several minutes ahead of the other alphas.
Jason sat at the head of the table. As the one who called the meeting as well as the host it was his right. Ansel sat to his right while Reed and Atticus sat at his left still in deep discussion about herbs the latter's pack cultivated. As they chatted the other alphas slowly began filing in.
"Excuse me."
Atticus paused his conversation to see another alpha standing over him. If not for Jason's presence the other alpha would have certainly extended his aura as he attempted to hold command over the lower-ranked alpha. "You are in my seat."
Atticus blinked looking to Reed, "Do we have assigned seats?"
"No. Everyone is free to sit where they please," Reed assured him.
It was technically true. Alpha meetings were considered informal gatherings to trade information and work cooperatively. Aside from the host who always sat at the head of the table there were no assigned seats. Every alpha was meant to be equal, theoretically. In actual practice there had been an unspoken tradition of higher-ranked alphas sitting near the head of the table and lower-ranked alphas sitting at the other end, sometimes standing if there were not enough chairs. If not for their earlier discussion Atticus would never have even considered sitting anywhere near Reed or Jason.
The other alpha looked to Jason for support but the latter merely said, "Sit in any of the open chairs. I know we're all eager to get back to our lunas so let's make this as brief as possible."
Stifling a growl the alpha snagged another chair. Since he had taken so much time accosting Atticus it was further down the table than he was used to as others were already taken. Some of the lower-ranked alphas were embolden by Atticus standing up to other and took seats closer than usual.
Once they were all seated Jason stood, "Now, I know weve all been experiencing an increase in rogue attacks. Is there anything anyone would like to add or suggest solutions?"
"I don't know what it's like further south," an alpha from Manitoba said, "but in the north the attacks are much more vicious, especially during the fall and winter when food is scarce.”
"How is your pack situated?" Jason asked. "Casualties?"
"We're only three hundred. We've lost five since last fall." Jason nodded. Smaller packs always suffered more when it came to rogue attacks as they lacked the members to sufficiently repel them. Aloud he said, "I've already agreed to send a team to Peace River at Atticus's request. If you like I can organize another to send to you."
The alpha hesitated then said, "We would appreciate any aid you're willing to spare."
"Of course," Jason readily agreed. "I'll send a team back with you. They can help assess the threat as well as improve security. When winter comes I'll send warriors based on their assessment to help manage attacks."
The other alphas murmured amongst themselves. Blue Moon's strength was well-known. It was not an exaggeration to say one Blue Moon warrior was worth ten from another pack. But even more surprising was Jason's willingness to send out his warriors to help secure other packs especially as he hadn't suggested compensation.
Most alphas would only concern themselves with their own pack security and if they did entertain the idea of assisting some form of financial compensation would be required but Jason seemed wholly unconcerned.
"I know subduing rogue attacks can be more difficult for smaller packs," Jason continued. "That is why sharing information and cooperating is so important. As some of you may know my pack as been doing a detailed study of rogues and their movements. We have determined that rogues tend to set up a territory usually near the borders of a pack. We are still determining why but that means paying attention to rogue sightings and monitoring their numbers is a good indicator at the danger level they present to a pack. "I encourage everyone to meet with their neighbors regularly and organize patrols of their shared borders and share information with each other. If you have any questions or need assistance don't hesitate to ask me. I'll happily organize a team to help assess your pack's security, determine threat levels, train your warriors and of course help repel attacks."
He looked around the room gauging each alpha's reaction.
Jason noted those who looked agitated or worried and reminded himself to speak with them later. If they didn't want to speak in front of the group perhaps they would be more comfortable one on one.
"And now...l would like to make an important announcement," Jason said. "I'm sure several of you have noticed Elder Ansel. My pack recently applied for a patent on a new medicine and was approved. The medicine is specially formulated to treat and heal wounds inflicted by silver."
An audible gasp went through the collected alphas. They seemed to be in a state of shock and disbelief and looked to the elder who simply nodded. It was all true.
"Since my pack doesn't specialize in medicine we will be partnering with Alpha Reed and Harvest Moon as well as Alpha Atticus of Peace River who will be providing the herbs and facilities to manufacture and distribute the medicine," Jason continued. "Harvest Moon, I assume will be running their own trials and making test batches to ensure quality. I encourage anyone interested to get with Alpha Reed to discuss price as well as time frame for orders."
Reed nodded in agreement with everything Jason said. As the medicine was new to them his pack would have to experiment with making large batches and ensure quality.
Once they figured that out they would be able to determine price as well as take orders from packs.
The room suddenly erupted with questions. Everyone wanted to know how effective the medicine was, how it had been discovered and when they could conceivably make orders. After millennia all were eager to overcome one of their greatest weaknesses. Jason allowed Elder Ansel to answer most of the questions as the Council was the one in charge of the initial trials.
While he remained silent Jason's mind was filled with thoughts. He knew the others were curious but a lot of the medicine would remain secret to protect the patent as well as his contracts with the other alphas. However, there was one piece of information he would make absolutely clear: and that was its creators.
###Chapter 45
"Um...May we join you?"
Phoebe looked up to see a trio of lunas cautiously approach while she spoke to Koko. She smiled warmly, "Of course."
Koko introduced the three lunas as she was well-acquainted with them. They all came from mid-ranking packs, "This is Luna Arin from Tumbleweed Pack, Luna Kimi from Mountain Keep and Luna Sashi from Meridian."
Perhaps expected from lunas from smaller packs they were all on the shorter side, petite like Phoebe. Sashi was also rather plump and she gave off a gentle, calm aura.
The trio of lunas joined them in the water. They were nervous about meeting a Luna of such a large pack, but seeing how easily Phoebe accepted Koko's presence gave them the courage to introduce themselves. The pup in Phoebe's arms soon found several more eager to cuddle with him as he splashed.
"..Excuse me."
Phoebe looked over her shoulder to see the young she wolf from the dining hall along with two others. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Judging by how they stuck together they were clearly acquainted. All three were dressed in bikinis, one also wore a sarong. Phoebe wasn't much into trends but she would consider them fashionable young she wolves not that she was any expert on fashion. "Yes?" Phoebe prompted when they remained silent.
"We were just wondering when it would be our turn," the first said.
"Your turn? I'm not sure I understand," Phoebe said, genuinely confused. The pool was open to everyone though with the Luna Luncheon scheduled around it most of the rest of the pack elected other distractions for the day with the exception of the daycare and her guards.
"Well...when is everyone else going to leave?" the she wolf glanced at the other young wolves splashing and having fun.
"They'll be here for awhile," Phoebe said still confused.
"Don't be shy. You're welcome to join them."
"But...they're unranked," the young she wolf finally said.
"That's right," another seconded, "in our packs unranked wolves are restricted to certain swim times."
"And if you decide to throw a pool party during that time they can't swim at all for the day," Phoebe surmised. She didn't need their confirmation. "And do you think regulating them like that fosters loyalty and pack unity?"
The three she-wolves looked at each other in confusion.
"Let me put it a different way," Phoebe sighed; "if a lower ranked member of your pack and you are alone in the woods and suddenly found yourselves attacked by rogues do you think that pack member would stand and fight with you or would they run and save themselves? Keep in mind this pack member may be one you have bullied and degraded because they were powerless to stop you. A pack member you probably don't even know by name. Do you think they would do anything to protect you, their tormentor? Do you think pack bonds are strong enough to save you when you have done nothing to strengthen them?
The three she wolves stared at her in shock. They had been raised as alpha daughters and taught the pack was subservient to them. It never occurred to them that the pack would not support them whole-heartedly.
"They would get in trouble for abandoning us," one said.
"Maybe," Phoebe allowed, "but who would tell anyone the truth of what happened after you were gone. Besides, lower ranked wolves are weaker and rarely trained. Would they really be punished?" The young trio shared uncertain looks.
"And what if your fated mate ends up being one of those unranked wolves you've looked down on all your life?" Phoebe asked. "It's not unheard of, after all, I myself was unranked until Jason found me. It's not easy for alphas to find their fated mates, perhaps that's because they are looking in the wrong place."
Again the trio gave each other tentative looks. They had always assumed they would find their fated mates among the ranked members of the pack: alpha, beta, gamma, but...
"That's probably why so many alphas resort to taking chosen mates," Phoebe said. "It also explains why the birthrate among ranked pack members has fallen."
"What do you mean?" one of the trio asked
"It's not secret. Fertility rates between chosen mates is far below that of fated ones. With a chosen mate you might only have one or two pups while a fated mate you can easily double that. Which explains why all of you are only children." "H-how did you know that!" one of the she wolves stuttered.
"Wolves recognize their own," Phoebe smiled.
"You mean you're..."
"Yes. I'm an only child too. My parents were fated mates but they met much later in life since they were from different packs. But as far as your parents are concerned... they are most certainly chosen mates. In fact, I'm certain at least one of them rejected their fated mate."
Lucille suddenly snorted laughter drawing their attention.
With a smirk she explained, "Given I grew up with their parents I can confirm everything you just said."
The trio of she wolves stared at her in shock.
"Oh, the stories I could tell you.. but I don't think I will. So much more fun to let you wonder."
The trio shared worried looks. Their parents always told them how magical meeting their fated mate would be but now... Their parents weren't fated mates at all. Even worse, one of them had rejected their fated mate, the one wolf they were meant to love and cherish. If that was the case how could their parents know anything about fated mates?
"H-how did you know that about our parents?" one finally asked Phoebe.
"If you know what it to look for it's easy to tell chosen mates from fated ones," Phoebe said though she doubted their parents would even think to explain it. "Fated mates find it difficult to be apart and when they sit next to each other they are always touching. They can't ignore each other like chosen mates sometimes do. This would be even more obvious if one of the pair rejected their fated mate. Their wolf would resent the chosen mate."
They wanted to argue that she was wrong but they could tell by her sincerity she was not. It might be the first time an adult was completely honest with them. They could feel it.
Their wolves, not yet awakened, stirred. Quietly thanking her they circled to the far end of the pool and claimed some lounge chairs. Phoebe watched them for a moment before turning her attention to her other guests.
"How did you really know all of that?" Sashi asked. "Did you Lucille tell you?"
Phoebe shook her head. There had been no need to consult her mother or sister-in-law. The truth was obvious but something else bothered her though she hesitated to say it out loud. Rejections were supposedly rare but she had already met so many rejected wolves. It made her wonder if the difficulty for alphas to find their fated mates was indeed punishment from the Moon Goddess for rejecting her gifts.
'Punishment is not the Goddess's way,' Máni said. 'However a mother always teaches her children lessons and some of those lessons are harder than others!
"I have to say," Arin changed the subject after an awkward silence, "I thought you played and sang beautifully."
"And Arin should know," Kimi seconded. "She has a wonderful voice!"
"Perhaps we should play something together" Phoebe suggested.
"Now that's an idea!" Lucille exclaimed. "Phoebe on the piano, Koko on the guitar and Arin for the vocals. All you need is a drummer and you have a band. We'll call you the Lunas!*
They laughed lightly at her good-natured joke. The lunas were of course familiar with Lucille. Before Phoebe arrived she had been Blue Moon's ranking female and often accompanied her brother when the presence of a she-wolf was required. At such meetings they never approached her thinking she was standoffish. Now they realized her attitude was because she didn't want to deal with the other high-ranking she wolves.
"Sounds like everyone is having fun," a deep voice interrupted.
Phoebe stood immediately stepping out of the pool to greet the newcomer. A thick robe was quickly wrapped around her as his strong arms pulled her close. Jason breathed in her scent pleased to see she was enjoying herself. What he didn't like was the leering stares she received from some of the alphas.
Lobo was practically clawing his way out trying to get to their mate and reestablish their claim. Their mate was gorgeous. Jason's hands rested on her hips pulling her close to him unconcerned with the fact she was still wet from the pool! Her scent filled his nose and he felt immediately at ease.
"I take it the meeting went well?" Phoebe chuckled.
"Fine," Jason sighed. "We have a contract with Harvest Moon and Peace River."
He buried her nose in the nape of her neck near her mark and breathed deep smelling his scent mixed with her own.
She was his. She would always be his. Phoebe chuckled as he pulled her against him, nibbling her ear.
From across the pool three young she wolves watched as the other alphas returned. Some, like Jason, immediately went to their lunas to hug and kiss their mates in greeting.
Others merely nodded if they acknowledged their mates at all. Just as Phoebe told them it was not difficult to tell fated mates from chosen ones once you knew what to look for. "So the meeting with Reed went well."
"He'll be along shortly. He's still talking to Atticus."
"My Atticus?" Koko asked overhearing.
Jason looked up smiling at the other luna, "That's right.
Reed always makes it a point to visit packs he has contract with."
"Contracts?" Koko repeated.
"Aside from the contract the three of us made Reed is interested in other herbs your pack produces."
Koko struggled to keep a straight face. For years her pack struggled to make connections in order to sell their herbs.
She never imagined they would make a connection to the longest medically specialized pack on the continent. Kimi, Arin and Sashi congratulated her softly. They were also from smaller packs so all rooted for each other as they struggled to stand among the larger packs. Before they could say more a feral voice thundered through the gathering, "WHERE IS HE!"
###Chapter 46
Jason growled turning to face the aura preceding the enraged alpha that stormed out of the packhouse. Phoebe studied the approaching male certain she never saw him before. But if he wasn't an invited guest she wasn't certain what he was doing there. Trailing behind him was a young she-wolf only a few years older than the trio she talked to previously. Phoebe's eyes shimmered silver as Máni came closer to study the pair. She and her wolf were in agreement though content to watch as their mate stepped forward to meet the aggressive alpha. "Alpha Jason! | demand an explanation!"
Jason eyes the other coolly. His gaze flickered from the alpha to the she-wolf then to his beta and gamma who trailed them. Luke and Ben shook their heads signing they had no idea what it was all about either. Jason's gaze returned to the alpha daring enough to challenge him on his own territory.
"How can I help you Alpha Rick?" Jason asked recognizing the other alpha from his security tour.
"You dare ask me that after what you've done!" Rick demanded. "Or do you intend to deny it?"
"You'll have to be more specific," Jason said. "Just what are you accusing me of doing?"
"You're having a Luna Ceremony"
"Naturally, I found my fated mate. Why wouldn't I?"
"Found your fated and you dare deny it wasn't my daughter?" Rick growled. "Are you really going to deny the pup she's carrying isn't yours?"
The announcement caused a stir among the lunas who were staring at Phoebe with envious eyes moments ago.
For years Jason had shrugged off the advances of other she-wolves. Now he claimed to finally have found his mate but was that even the truth?
Jason growled his eyes swirling as Lobo pressed to the surface, "I never touched your daughter. I went to your pack for a security check and cut my visit sort because you couldn't control your daughter after I repeated complained about her outlandish behavior." "Y-you dare accuse my daughter of trying to seduce you?"
Rick stuttered.
"That's right. Disgusting, considering she's barely of age to sense her fated mate."
"Why y-you..."
"There is an easy way to settle this," Phoebe finally spoke stepping out from behind Jason.
"...Phoebe," Jason whispered slightly panicked as she moved out of his protective shadow to stand between him and the alpha. Should the other lose control she would be attacked first.
"And who are you?" Rick demanded
"Phoebe, I'm Luna of Blue Moon," she calmly answered. Her confidence caused the other visitors to take notice. Despite the rumors swirling around her she didn't seem at all concerned or unsure of her place. ...Luna...of Blue Moon," Rick repeated.
Phoebe smiled. Her luna aura had already engulfed their small group bring Jason comfort and as well as calming the other. Luna auras were not as potent as alpha's. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. While an alpha aura was like a typhoon, luna auras were more like an incoming tide slowly engulfing the beach. Their influence was often times more subtle but that also made it harder to fight or guard against. Only moments ago Jason and Rick had been ready to tear each other apart and now both were quiet. Phoebe's silver eyes flickered to the young she-wolf hiding behind her father. Being young she lacked any defense against Phoebe's aura. The she wolf was so relaxed she was practically hypnotized. Phoebe didn't like to use her aura this way but it was the quickest way to settle the matter at hand.
"..As I was saying. If we want the truth we only have to go to the source," Phoebe said causing everyone to look at the other she wolf. "I'm afraid. I don't know your name. What is it, if I may ask?"
"T-Tracy."
"It's very nice to meet you," Phoebe smiled. She could feel the pressure of everyone around her but she ignored them." And you are with pup?" "Yes."
"How lovely. You must be excited."
"Yes."
"And the pup's father is your fated mate?"
"Yes."
"What is your mate's name?"
"Derek."
A collective gasp went through the onlookers as Phoebe withdrew her aura. Her eyes returned to their normal gray.
As her influence waned Tracy blinked as if coming out of a trance. Her gaze widened realizing what she had said in front of so many witnesses. She looked at her father as he grew bright red in embarrassment and anger. "Derek?" Rick growled. "Who is that?"
"He's...He's the gardener."
"A gardener!"
"My father was a gardener," Phoebe said her voice calm but with a warning edge to it. "And he treated my mother like a queen."
Rick opened his mouth but snapped it shut. Jason growled.
Without Phoebe's influence he was quick to reassert his authority on his own pack lands.
"Considering how difficult it has become for alpha's to find their fated mates you should celebrate your daughter's fortune to have found hers within your own pack," Phoebe added eyeing the rival alpha. "And you're very lucky to be having a pup so soon." Before they were marked by their mate she wolves heat cycles were not nearly so potent and the chances of becoming pregnant significantly lower. However, once marked their heat cycles were considerably more difficult to conceal. There was also no denying the truth of Phoebes words. Finding a fated mate should be a joyous event as should the birth of a new pup.
"Luke, could you show Alpha Rick and Tracy to a room. Its very late and I think they could use some rest."
"Of course, Luna," the Beta nodded smiling at how easily she defused the situation.
Still stunned and somewhat embarrassed the visitors followed him inside. Jason's arms snaked around Phoebe's waist pulling her close. Nuzzling her he kissed the nape of her neck. Lobo growled with pleasure finally calming.
"Phoebe... you're amazing."
"You better not forget that."
***
Tracy crept down the hall. It had taken hours for her father to stop raving and fall asleep. She planned it all so carefully. Since finding her mate she made regular nightly visits enjoying their time together. Her mate might only be a gardener but in bed he was a beast and she was always satisfied. But she was an alpha's daughter. She was meant to be Luna. There was no doubt in her mind she was meant to be with Jason, the most powerful alpha known for generations.
Why else would he have waited so long to take a mate if he wasn't waiting for her? Just who was that gray-eyed she wolf anyway?
There was something uncanny about the she wolf's shimmering silver gaze. How had she known Tracy found her mate? Who was she? Was she really Jason's fated mate? She was so petite and...forgettable. Who would want such an average looking mate? It had to be a mistake or a Joke.
Since their arrival Tracy had picked up a few rumors from the other guests. According to them Jason's mate had been rejected by her first mate. That alone was enough to prove the she-wolf was wholly incapable of fulfilling her duties as Luna. What was more she was supposedly wolfless. A wolfless female couldn't be Luna. And yet, Blue Moon said
*nothing about cancelling the moonlit run tomorrow night
after the Luna Ceremony. How was a wolfless Luna supposed to lead such a run?
Part of her wanted to sit back and enjoy the show but she needed to make her move now. It was her last chance.
Once she returned home the truth would be known. She wouldn't be able to hide it. All she needed to do was convince Jason to be her mate then all would be forgiven and forgotten. She would be the Luna of the most powerful pack in all the Northern Continent, perhaps the world. If Jason wanted to keep the other she wolf as a mistress Tracy had no qualms. After all, she would keep her mate around for the same purpose.
Though it was large the Blue Moon packhouse was essentially arranged the same as any other. Tracy quickly made her way to the upper floors but found herself stopped by security. Though patrols were common outside she hadn't expected any inside the packhouse but it seemed Blue Moon's focus on security was no exaggeration. She had no way of knowing that security had been increased after another already breeched etiquette the night before.
"They are expecting me," Tracy tried to argue.
But the guard didn't buy the excuse. She even tried to use her aura on him but he merely shrugged it off and she wasn't sure how he did it. The warrior couldn't be more than a delta or at most a gamma and she was the daughter of an alpha. It shouldn't be possible for him to ignore her orders. And yet he didn't move from his spot and sent her away.
Frustrated she returned to the floor where her guest room was located and almost gave up. Then she had a new idea.
There was more than one way to the Alpha's floor. Heading down to the kitchen she stumbled down dark hallways before finding the of her search: the maid's freight elevator. Not even the main elevator offered a direct route to the alpha floor like this one. The elevator opened into a narrow, dark hallway. It would have been impossible for her make her way to the main part of the floor without her wolf's enhanced vision but eventually she arrived at the suite of rooms in the heart of the packhouse. Her wolf whimpered begging to go back to their mate but she shoved its protests aside. She had much bigger plans than a mere gardener could accommodate.
Silently she pushed open the door and stepped into the room beyond. Tracy made her way to the bed where she could just make out a form sleeping in the center of the bed. She almost laughed out loud. Of course Jason would be sleeping alone. There was no way he would allow that skinny she wolf share his bed.
Tracy eagerly slipped into bed beside her dream alpha.
Scooting closer she pressed herself against him reaching around, her hands eager to feel his muscled body. Instead she grasped a soft, malleable breast.
...! think you were expecting someone else," a gentle voice said.
###Chapter 47
Startled Tracy scooted backward and tumbled out of the bed to the floor. Her sudden surprise drew her wolf closer aiding her sight in the dim room as Phoebe sat up clutching the comforter close to cover her nudity as she studied the she-wolf with a sigh. It was the second time in as many days a female obsessed with her mate intruded in what was supposed to be their private sanctuary despite the increase in security measures. "W-what are you doing here?" Tracy demanded.
"This is my room," Phoebe answered. "Where else would I sleep? Shouldn't I be asking you that...although I think I already know the answer."
Tracy moved to reply but snapped her mouth closed again.
What could she say? Phoebe studied the she-wolf with a look of pity, but such behavior couldn't be tolerated.
Her eyes shimmered silver as Máni woke from her slumber.
As their spirits synced Phoebe's voice took a richer, huskier tone, "Do you have any idea what you are doing to your Mate? He will feel every moment of your betrayal as pain rips through him, shattering his soul into a million pieces. Is that what you want?" "Nobody asked you," Tracy sneered feeling her face warm with embarrassment.
"I wasn't talking to you," Phoebe gently admonished her voice still in its lower register. "You should know most Lunas won't be as understanding as me. If you want to keep your Mate, pup, you'll have to be more assertive. You cannot hide in the dark anymore. Understand? You are the daughter of an alpha. Act like it."
Phoebe's eyes flickered back to gray as the bathroom door opened. The sound of the toilet flushing echoed as Jason stepped out. His form briefly backlit from the soft glow of the bathroom's light. Tracy softly gasped as her gaze took in his hard, n**e form. He was even more magnificent than she guessed.
Jason yawned reaching the bed and was surprised to find Phoebe sitting up waiting for him. Sliding beside her his arms immediately engulfed her as he buried his nose into the nape of her neck kissing her loudly.
"Jason," Phoebe sighed her voice once again normal. "We have a visitor!"
"What visitor?" Jason slowly pulled away before catching the smell of their intruder. His gaze fell on Tracy and he growled.
"What are you doing here?"
Tracy shivered as his enraged aura washed over her. His eyes shimmered amber as his wolf pressed close. There was no sign of sympathy, pity or desire for her. ..Jason," Phoebe said stroking his cheek and gently turning his attention back to her.
He relaxed his aura withdrawing. Her scent was calm and all-consuming causing him to relax and his wolf to subside. She chuckled as his embrace tightened. "Our guest was just leaving. Weren't you?"
"What are you..." Tracy's protest suddenly fell silent as her eyes shimmered. Her voice became nasally and in a higher pitch, "Yes Luna. I understand."
Tracy turned walking toward the door. Her gait was awkward almost robotic or perhaps like a puppet on strings. But it was to be expected. Wolf spirits were not accustomed to their human form and moving it was not as instinctual as it was in wolf form but it was not impossible. Reaching the door she opened it and continued on her way.
Phoebe sighed opening a mindlink to the guard standing on the landing leading to their floor. No doubt he would be surprised but she didn't want the young she wolf harmed.
She just wanted her escorted back to her room and watched to ensure she didn't wander again.
"What..just happened?" Jason asked watching the she-wolf's retreat.
"Just giving her some friendly advice: she-wolf to she-wolf,"
Phoebe shrugged.
Jason looked at her confused and somewhat skeptical. Yet she didn't seem perturbed and she wasn't injured. He supposed he could let it slide for the time being, "Have I told you today how amazing you are?" "Well, since it is past midnight...no. First time today."
"Then let me show you," he pulled her back down to the bed as his attention moved to the mark on her neck. Phoebe moaned with pleasure letting him pull her back to bed.
In truth she wasn't sure exactly what happened once Máni synced with her. She knew their aura had come rushing out but after that everything seemed to happen in a fog.
Whatever happened she felt a heaviness in her limbs and Máni's exhaustion seeped into her. They were more than ready for their mate to take care of them the rest of the night.
***
Tracy sat at one of the communal tables eating breakfast alongside her father. Most of the visitors were content to ignore them as Glacier Peak was not a prominent pack and were not proper guests. But there were a few wanting to approach and glean more information about the previous day's events.
Her father was embarrassed by the whole fiasco but Tracy calmly answered their inquiries. If any noticed her fingers occasionally had difficulty holding her fork or that her voice changed to a different pitch or that her eyes swirled amber they didn't voice any concerns. Most were more curious whether she intended to accuse Jason of other infidelities but Tracy only expressed her desire to return home to her mate much to their disappointment.
Mindless chatter ceased when Phoebe entered the dining hall with the orphan pair she called her own. Blake and
Emma danced around her perfectly happy and content as they made their way to the buffet style breakfast spread.
Phoebe chuckled as she loaded their plates according to the pair's cravings. None seemed to notice, or at least pretended not to notice, their audience.
Emma turned suddenly exclaiming, "Daddy!"
Jason entered the dining fall chatting with Luke about the border patrols unperturbed with the alphas and lunas watching his every move. They undoubtedly had several questions after the incident at the pool but as long as Phoebe was unconcerned and their bond undamaged he didn't really care.
Emma's sudden exclamation caught everyone's attention as she rushed toward Jason with her arms outstretched. He scooped her up without hesitation. With a laugh he tossed her up and caught her before blowing raspberries against her cheek. Emma shrieked with giggles wrapping her arms around him as he nuzzled her.
Luke chuckled. After so many years of dealing with Jason's often reserved nature it was still strange to see him acting like a loving father. Jason had always been fair but stern.
Now he was far more easy-going and relaxed. Even if he didn't realize it this change gave the pack even more confidence in him. With their Luna present the pack was more content and loyal than ever.
Hearing his Beta's chuckle Jason shot him a just you wait look. Luke had been mated for the past few years yet they
*hadn't produced a pup. Jason had a sneaking suspicion his friend had been deliberately postponing starting a family in difference to him knowing how much Jason desired his own mate and family. But now he had his mate and two pups to call his own so there was no need for Luke to hold back. If he was right then Blue Moon would see a dramatic increase in pups very soon.
Without a word he carried the happy pup to a long communal table that had become the unofficial seating for Blue Moon's higher ranks. There Phoebe was setting down the pups' breakfasts. Setting Emma in her seat beside her brother Jason gave the pup a pat on the head and roughed Blake's hair. The alphas and lunas watching couldn't deny the obvious: Jason was not only wrapped around his Luna's fingers but their adopted pups as well.
While Phoebe went to collect drinks Jason followed to load his own breakfast plate before joining the pups. Luke, Mona, Lucille, Ben and Norah soon joined them quickly filling up the able chatting easily as Alpha Reed finally made his appearance and even chose to sit with them. He was followed by Alpha Atticus and Luna Koko.
This brought a fresh wave of murmurs from the others.
Just like in meetings alphas from smaller packs never associated with those from larger ones, maintaining their unspoken hierarchy. But Reed and Atticus spoke comfortably with one another as both shared knowledge in herbs.
Phoebe returned giving the pups glasses of juice. Before she could leave in search of her own breakfast Jason clutched her hand and pulled her into his lap. She laughed at his shamelessness rewarding him with a kiss but when she tried to stand he held her firm. "Jason," Phoebe gently admonished, "I have to get my breakfast."
"It's right here," Jason nodded to the table.
She looked to see a plate heaped with scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage, bacon and toast. Looking at him she said, "That's yours."
"I'll get more so eat all you want," he nuzzled her.
Since coming to Blue Moon Phoebe recovered most of her appetite and put on considerable weight but the portions she took for herself at mealtimes were still far too small for his liking. Her naturally petite form still required more filling out. Jason and his wolf wouldn't be satisfied until then.
Lucille and the others chuckled but Phoebe found she wasn't the least bit embarrassed. No one ever showed her as much care as Jason. Máni was in full agreement, basking in their mate's attention.
Jason growled possessively as Phoebe snuggled in his arms. Though she downplayed her rejection he knew it had a more profound effect on her than she let on. When they first met she had been wary and stand-offish. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. It had been her way of protecting herself and her wolf. Even so, it hadn't taken long for her warm nature to emerge. Lobo reveled in every bit of affection she gave them in return. Her love was only for them though they didn't mind sharing her with the pups.
Reaching for the plate Phoebe paused as a new couple entered the dining hall. She smiled broadly as they filled their plates before joining them. William and Lily greeted those already at the table. Reed, in particular, was eager to see his sister who had not been seen since yesterday.
###Chapter 48
"It's about time," Jason said. "I was beginning to think you'd stay in your room all weekend."
"It was tempting," William said without a trace of embarrassment.
Lily, on the other hand, blushed. Jason was tempted to say more, but Phoebe elbowed his shoulder to stop him, adding a warning look. Jason wisely held his peace. Sensing his mate's disquiet William grasped her hand and kissed it. The contact made Lily shiver with pleasure and her face suddenly warmed in response to something William undoubtedly mindlinked
"Will, that is uncalled for," Phoebe admonished sensing the exchange.
The alpha jerked around to stare at her. He briefly wondered if she somehow picked up on the silent communication but dismissed the idea. It was far more likely she was inferring the content from Lily's reaction.
"Just because Lily's brother is an alpha doesn't mean she's prepared for one's libido. You have to let her have her moments to catch her breath without constantly being reminded of it."
Reed who was drinking his coffee quietly watching his sister suddenly choked on his drink as the she wolves at the table broke into laughter. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. It was William's turn to blush deep red. Even if Phoebe couldn't hear another's mindlink her observational skills were second to none.
"Is that what you really think of me?" Jason asked when he was able to speak just as stunned at the rest.
She turned her shimmering silver gaze to him asking, "Are you going to tell me you've had anything else on your mind since you pulled me into your lap?"
The time Lucille nearly snorted out her drink as Jason struggled to maintain a neutral expression unwilling to join his friend in mutual embarrassment. Phoebe had been so quiet and demur at their first meeting he wasn't prepared for her to be so frank and assertive. Yet it was her mindlink that had him undone.
"Should I tell them about the bulge I'm sitting on?"
Jason growled as his blush deepened unable to speak even as his pants became more uncomfortable. He was certain she had no idea how turned on he was by her growing confidence.
"There, you see Lily," Phoebe looked again to their guest." That is how you put an alpha in his place. Don't let him intimidate you. His wolf will always take your side so it's three against one and you will always have the advantage." "Now just a moment," William finally found his voice," that's not true."
"Oh? Why don't you ask your wolf?" Phoebe challenged. "What does he think?"
William fell silent no doubt listening to his wolf respond.
Jason turned his attention to his own wolf. Lobo's answer was immediate even before he could pose the question,' Mate can do anything she wants!
Jason might have complained if Phoebe didn't suddenly begin running her hands through his hair. Her fingers traced circles along his scalp sending ripples of shock and pleasure coursing through him. He couldn't argue with his wolf. "Well...we won't stand for mutiny, right Jason?" William announced no doubt having just received a similar message from his wolf.
"Give it up, Will," Lucille chuckled when Jason didn't answer. "My brother is officially whipped."
Jason shot his sister a glare and growled but there was no rage behind it and it came out more like a purr. This only earned him more chuckles. But he really wasn't all that upset as long as Phoebe sat in his lap, her scent surrounding him and her touch making his skin tingle.
Before anyone could say more a sudden commotion at the entrance caused them to turn as a young alpha not more than twenty with a she-wolf on either arm strutted in followed by his guard also accompanied by an equally voluptuous she wolf. Phoebe eyed them coldly as her eyes shimmered silver.
. None of the she-wolves were mated and as far as she could tell they were neither rejected nor had they rejected their fated mates. Like many, she wolves, their instincts attracted them to strong, powerful males. Only a few ended up like Camilla or Katrina so infatuated with power they rejected their true mates. Most eventually settled with their fated mates once found. It was too soon to know whether these three she-wolves were the former or the latter. Their clothing was very revealing, bordering on trashy, and inappropriate considering the room was filled with alphas, lunas and pups.
"Lily? What is it?" William asked sensing his mate's sudden fear. "What's wrong baby?"
"It's him.." she tried to stifle a sob.
"Who?"
"Her first mate," Reed growled low. "What the hell is he doing here?"
"Guards say the alpha is from Big Sky pack," Luke said after mindlinking the wolves tasked with guarding the road.
"I don't remember hearing any succession ceremonies happening so his father is probably still leading the pack.
He probably sent his son to act as his proxy."
"If he's with a Montana pack it stands to reason the pack you sent him to couldn't stand him either," Jason said recalling Reed had sent Lily's first mate to Texas in order to spare her.
Lily trembled eliciting a growl from William as he wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her close letting his scent, touch and presence sooth and calm her. His wolf was raging ready to rend the alpha's escort to pieces.
The young alpha and his group sauntered to a table parading in front of the others as they took their seats.
Pounding the table the alpha declared, "Bring us meat!"
His escort chuckled at the alpha's brazen declaration. As an omega passed he smacked the young she wolf's a*s saying, "Come see me later, babe."
Shannon shuddered shuffling away. Jason growled intending to confront them but it was Phoebe who stood first. Calmly she walked toward the group her gaze shimmering silver.
Jason momentarily panicked and moved to stand but Lobo halted him with a whimper, 'Mate is...furious!
His wolf cowered in the back of Jason's mind as he watched Phoebe reach the omega she wolf. She hugged the other female whispering comforting words before sending her to the kitchen. Once the she wolf was a safe distance Phoebe turned her gaze on the males. "What? You want to be first honey?" the warrior asked with a leering gaze. "You're not much to look at but I'll be happy to make room for you."
A soft gasp traveled through the dining hall. Jason's aura was already rising with his rage at the disrespect shown to his Luna to say nothing of the solicitation. In contrast to the rage burning within him Phoebe's anger was calm and cold though no less penetrating as her aura rolled over the group.
"I would have expected these she-wolves to have more self-respect," Phoebe glared at the scantily clad trio. Her nose wrinkled at the unmistakable scent of s*x explaining why the party was so late.
"What's it to you?" the boldest of the three asked even as she shivered under Phoebes scrutiny.
"There are pups present and you don't belong here. Leave."
"Excuse me? What makes you..."
"Leave!" Phoebe snapped with a growl. "If you aren't off this pack's land in five minutes you will be tossed in the prison."
"...But we drove here. How are we supposed to get home?"
"I don't care," Phoebe answered. "You have two working legs, four if you shift. It's not like you have to worry about your clothes getting ruined. Figure it out."
The she-wolves hesitated, looking at their escorts for support, but both the alpha and warrior were silent, captivated by Phoebe's aura.
"I said GO!" Phoebe's eyes flashed as her command filtered into her voice. Unable to fight it, the she-wolves finally fell silent and obeyed. Phoebe didn't spare them another glance as she focused on the males.
"Y-you better know some good tricks to make up for that," the warrior finally managed to break his trance.
"Silence!" Phoebe snapped her eyes practically glowing.
Despite this bravado the warrior was rendered speechless."
Someone else will deal with you so be patient and wait your turn. As for you..."
Phoebe's gaze turned to the young alpha. He shuddered not knowing why he feared her.
"Name."
"...L-Liam."
"Is this how you intend to run your pack?" Phoebe demanded. "Showing up late to an official gathering, sauntering into a room filled with alphas and lunas with a pack slut on either arm?"
She didn't care for the term herself, pack slut. Many males wolves were far more promiscuous and yet weren't given any derogatory nicknames. Most went on to find their fated mates and would remain loyal to them. But she needed to shock him if she was going to have the proper impact.
"And what if your mate was here?" Phoebe asked. "She would have watched you walk in here with those she-wolves, smelling like them. What do you think she would think about that? Should we ask? What about you Nina?"
Phoebe's gaze shifted to one of the young she wolves she spoke to at the pool. The she-wolf sat with her friends uncomfortably close to the scene that had just played out.
Though they were a few years too young to sense their mates yet, no doubt it still left an impression on them.
"Nina, what do you think about what you just saw? What would you think if this young alpha was your mate?" "I think it was disgusting! I wouldn't want him to touch me!
Ever! A chosen mate would be better than him!"
"Well, that says it all" Phoebe's gaze returned to the young alpha. "I'd count myself fortunate if I were you."
###Chapter 49
The alpha blushed profusely. His parents were fated mates and expounded on the magic of the bond and the euphoria that would consume him when he found his. In truth he was a little scared besides it couldn't feel all that different than it did with other she wolves. But to think he could ruin it before even truly experiencing it. That thought never occurred to him. suggest you spend the rest of the day thinking about that,
"I
"Phoebe said, "you can present yourself to your hosts properly later."
She turned away to make her way back to her table when the warrior roused himself from his stupor, "Just who do you think you are, missy?"
Phoebe turned back to him with a smirk, "I am Phoebe Aiman, Luna of Blue Moon and today is my day. You would know that if you arrived on time and presented yourselves appropriately. But I wouldn't worry about who I am...there is someone here who has a few words to share with you."
Phoebe glanced over her shoulder drawing their attention to her table. At the head of it Jason sat quietly fuming. His eyes shimmered amber and his alpha aura seeped out like a fog as his gaze bore holes into the pair. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The young alpha shivered uncomfortably but his escort's gaze fell on Lily watching him. "What are you doing here!" the warrior demanded
"She came with her brother," Phoebe said as if it should be obvious. "And as fate would have it she was able to meet her second chance mate... who is very eager to speak with you."
Her gaze slid to William who glared at the warrior ready to devour him. She certainly would blame him after all Lily suffered because of her unapologetic first mate.
"I know you are eager Alpha Will, but please save it for after breakfast...and preferably outside where cleanup is far simpler," Phoebe said.
"Of course," William agreed. "I'm sure Jason can schedule us some time on the training grounds. Right, Jace?"
Sure," Jason said was all he could trust himself to say.
As angry as he was for the disrespect the warrior showed Phoebe he knew William's anger ran even deeper. It was a rage he understood completely. He still longed to sink his teeth into Alpha Graham for the pain he caused Phoebe.
The urge to return to Rimrock and dispose of the alpha was almost impossible to ignore. Knowing this Jason was content to let William handle the warriors punishment.
Unconcerned with the male's plans Phoebe walked back to the table. She paused to place a comforting hand on Lily's shoulder. The she wolf was hugging herself and slowly closing herself up despite her mate's nearness. Phoebe learned close whispering encouraging words, "He can't hurt you anymore."
Lily blinked looking up at her.
"Lucy and Norah planned a spa day...you should come,"
Phoebe smiled.
"I'd like that."
Phoebe nodded continuing to Jason who still glared at the young alpha and warrior. He struggled to keep Lobo under control and wasn't immediately aware of Phoebe even as she returned to his lap. Stroking he's cheek she turned his gaze to meet hers. "Everything all right?" she asked with a gentle smile her gaze back to its usual gray warmth.
"Of course, anything for you," he said finally relaxing. His gaze returned its usual brown as Lobo finally subsided along with his overbearing aura.
"Good." Phoebe smiled planting a kiss on his lips that was all too brief and left him wanting more.
Lobo stirred wanting more of their mate too.
"Patience," Phoebe cooed through the mindlink giving him another kiss. "Let's eat breakfast before it gets cold."
***
"Ah! I needed this!" Lucille sighed sinking into the bubbling hot tub.
Theirs was a private room. Originally Lucille, Norah, Mona and Bridget planned the day as a special treat to spend with Phoebe but inviting Lily and Koko and the other lunas seemed a natural recourse after everything that happened After massages they gathered together to soak in their own private Jacuzzi.
"And why is that?" Koko asked. "You seem to be living life stress free compared to everyone else."
"Well I...do things."
"Like causing trouble for the rest of us," Norah said. "How are you feeling Lily? Better?"
"I'm fine," Lily said. "I appreciate your concern. I just...I just feel so stupid that I feel like this even after finding Will."
"Don't," Phoebe shook her head. "Your bond with Will is still new. You haven't even visited your new pack yet."
Lily nodded considering this before she asked, "How did you manage to get over your rejection? You are so strong and confident."
"Am I?" Phoebe asked. "I'm not always so sure. But my situation was different from yours. Your brother was alpha and sent your mate away to spare you... My first mate was the alpha of my former pack. Even if I wanted to leave I couldn't without his permission unless I wanted to turn rogue." The others frowned considering her confession. Aside from Bridget they were all high-ranking members so took their freedom for granted. Only Phoebe and Bridget understood the restrictions placed on lower ranking pack members.
"I did try to leave once," Phoebe sighed. "A friend wanted out of the pack too and sensed I was having a difficult time. He thought we should both transfer. He even contacted another pack. Graham blocked it, of course.
Dash decided to go rogue and make his way to the other pack on his own. I couldn't leave Blake and Emma and I couldn't let the pups go rogue either."
"W-why would he block the transfer?" Lily asked.
"It sounds strange, doesn't it? He didn't want we for his mate or Luna but also didn't want anyone else to have me," Phoebe shook her head. "I had no choice but to stay and endure his presence and his chosen mate. You say it made me stronger but I think it just made me colder and more distant. You should ask Jason about our first meeting."
The others listened with pensive expressions. Only Bridget had been there as a witness so knew some of Phoebe's struggles. Jason forbade anyone from asking Phoebe about her past wanting to spare her the pain of reliving it.
However, if she was willing to share her experiences freely then they were willing to listen.
"Meeting your mate is supposed to be a magical moment,"
Phoebe said, "but I didn't feel anything: not joy, not relief.
The first words I said to him were to ask if he was there to reject me too. After one rejection I couldn't fathom anyone actually loving me. Luckily Jason's stubborn."
Norah and Lucille chuckled. It wasn't any wonder why Jason was so protective of Phoebe from the very beginning. Given how hard he worked to earn her trust and break the walls she erected around her heart it was remarkable he even let her out of his sight. "Thad no idea it was like that for you," Norah shook her head. She couldn't help think of her own struggles. Her mate was never able to break through her walls.
"I didn't know your first mate was an alpha too," Lily said.
"Alpha Graham," Phoebe nodded with a twinge of regret. It always hurt to say his name.
Máni lazily stirred with a half-hearted growl. It was less in anger and more out of disgust. With their new bond firmly in place the pain caused by their first mate no longer had a hold of them but Phoebe couldn't help but feel its echoes. "Well, that is all in the past, for both of you," Norah said." You both should look to the future now. You are Lunas. You are the heart of your packs. Lily I'm sure your new pack will be as welcoming to you as Blue Moon was to Phoebe. Winter Moon has been waiting for their Luna for quite some time."
"And enduring Camilla's ridiculousness, Lucille added earning an elbow from her mother before she realized her mistake.
"Who?" Lily asked.
The others hesitated not wanting to explain the situation.
Lily's bond with William was still new and it was already clear she lacked confidence. What if she thought William would keep his mistress because she wasn't good enough?
"Camilla is s member of the Winter Moon pack. She has been vying for Will's attention since he was not yet mated," Phoebe explained much to the shock and horror of her sister and mother-in-law. She understood they wanted to spare Lily's feelings but this was information the other she-wolf needed if she was truly to be William's Luna.
"Oh...she's one of those," Lily sighed, disappointed. She should have known there would be complications. Was there nothing in her life that could be simple?
Phoebe nodded. As much as she wanted to spare Lily there was no ignoring the facts. The worst thing they could do would be to lie or cover it up. She understood William wouldn't want to talk about it but it was all the more reason they needed to. "Is she...is she pretty?" Lily hesitantly asked.
"Some probably think so," Phoebe said. "Personally I find her piggish and shameless. She is no more a Luna than a houseplant. And a houseplant has a better personality."
Norah and Lucille's mouths dropped at Phoebe's harsh critique. They certainly would argue with her assessment but neither expected it from Phoebe. Her eyes flickered silver indicating her wolf had come forward but there was no indication it had taken over or that she had to fight it back. Evidently this was an opinion Phoebe and her wolf shared. "W-what should I do if I see her?" Lily asked not sure she could handle an actual confrontation.
"If she has any sense at all she won't come anywhere near you," Phoebe said, "if not, I suggest slapping her."
Norah and Lucille shared a startled look. Was this the same shy she-wolf their pack had welcomed just a few weeks ago? Phoebe's silver eyes sparkled with mirth.
###Chapter 50
"Jace!"
Jason paused turning as William hurried to catch up to him. Jason nodded to his friend. After breakfast, he assumed William would disappear with his mate again, but Phoebe invited Lily to the spa day his mother and sister planned, along with a handful of other lunas she had become close to. Surprisingly Lily agreed. So now they were both on their own.
Jason certainly couldn't blame his friend for wanting to spend every moment with his mate. When William showed up with Camilla Jason had been worried about the path his friend was on. It was a slippery slope as his father attested to. He still had concerns but so far Camilla hadn't made any trouble. "So...haven't seen you in a while," Jason smirked.
William cleared his throat and had enough sense to be sheepish. Jason chuckled although he was one to talk.
After finding Phoebe and bringing her home Luke practically had to beg him to get back to his alpha duties.
"So, I've been meaning to catch up with you about the alpha meeting," Jason said as they started walking again.
"Ah yeah, about that silver cure you have, right?" William nodded
Jason raised a brow.
"Lily mentioned it after talking to her brother," William shrugged.
Jason nodded. That made sense. Lily was one of many experts in Harvest Moon so it made sense Reed would consult with her.
"It's pretty big news," William said, "did Phoebe really come up with it?"
"Her and her friend," Jason nodded with a smile. "They didn't even know the prospects of what they came up with.
I dread to think what would have happened if that i***t alpha of theirs figured it out."
"You mean her first mate?"
Jason growled his eyes flashing amber.
"Easy! Easy!" William held up his hands feeling Jason's aura rise. He had never feared his friend but he was now very much aware of how dangerous he truly was.
Jason breathed deep willing himself to be calm. Lobo whimpered with longing. Norah and Lucille dragged Phoebe away almost as soon as breakfast was finished so they could begin their spa day free of male drama. He wanted to protest preferring Phoebe to remain protected within the safety of the pack. However Phoebe smiled and gave him a gentle kiss that had him ready to agree to anything. Jason was regretting it now as he was always calmer when she was near. His nerves were fraying with so many other alphas present so he was headed to the training grounds to work some of it off. No doubt the other alphas were all thinking the same thing so it was going to be crowded but it was still a good idea.
"Where are you headed?" William asked as if he couldn't guess by the direction of their path. "The training grounds."
"What a coincidence, me too," William smiled. "There's someone I have to mind to tear into."
Jason grinned knowing full well who William referred to.
Lily managed to calm him some before she joined the others for their spa day but now William was in the same boat as Jason. Without their lunas to sooth them they were getting anxious. Jason had always prided himself on his self-control and patience but now it seemed nothing more than an act. Was he really allowing worry to cloud his judgment? Why was he so anxious?
Blue Moon's training grounds consisted of an outdoor arena as well as a gym complete with weight room and indoor running track. With so many alphas around being able to work out aggression in a controlled atmosphere was imperative. Because of that the grounds remained open throughout the day.
Reaching them they found most had taken up space in the outdoor arena. Some were running laps in human or wolf form. Others, including a number of lunas, were lounging on the bleachers, watching and conversing. The majority, however, were sparring, testing themselves against the Blue Moon warriors. Though the visiting alphas and betas had the advantage of rank the pack warriors had extensive training.
Though Jason didn't announce himself the others immediately sensed him. The Blue Moon warriors bared their necks in submission waiting for a nod before returning their activities. Jason acknowledged the other alphas with a nod as well. William; however, was preoccupied. He scanned the crowd until his eyes settled on the of his search.
Jason trailed a step behind as he made his way to the seats where the newly arrived alpha was posing for some younger she-wolves no doubt there to ogle the pack warriors. He was probably hoping to make a better impression from the one he started with at breakfast.
Standing beside him was his escort and bodyguard.
Neither dared approach Jason after breakfast and they seemed oblivious to him now. But this was William's show.
William quickly closed the distance. Reaching the warrior he trapped him on the shoulder. The moment the other turned William hit him with a right hook that sent him spinning before he collapsed on the ground.
"Get up," William sneered. "Time we settled up, pup."
Grabbing the other by the collar William dragged him to the nearest sparring arena. The others quickly vacated it to join the onlookers. He tossed the warrior into the arena before stepping in and quickly yanking off his own shirt. The other alphas looked to Jason to see him watching with a rather amused expression. Some relaxed and others became more nervous.
"Hey wait," Liam moved to protest only to have Jason's hand settled on his shoulder.
"I advise you to sit this one out," Jason said. "It's between them."
"I don't understand."
"I don't expect you to, pup," Jason said sounding remarkably calm. Lobo stopped pacing and was content to watch the match play out.
"What is that supposed to mean? You can't let them fight.
He's an alpha."
"And he's a trained warrior."
"But...why does he want to fight?"
"An Alpha is very territorial about their Luna" Jason said."
They do not tolerate anyone coming between them."
"... would never come between you and your Luna," Liam said.
Jason growled, "As if you could. But this isn't about my Luna. It's about his."
He looked to William who was stretching waiting for the other to pick himself up. The other was taking his time as if expecting someone to intervene.
"I don't understand."
"Your warrior rejected his fated mate," Jason said. "Will is her second chance mate and he's eager to settle the score."
"Wait...you mean..." Liam looked to William who was now ready and growing impatient.
"Get up!" William snarled. "Stop stalling you coward."
"Getting a little serious, don't you think?" the warrior winced. "I never touched her. She's a twig."
A roar erupted from William and silence fell over the arena.
Everyone turned their attention to the pair. If they weren't already aware of the match they were now.
"Are you sure you want to do this?" the warrior asked finally getting to his feet only for William to drop him with a left cross.
"Get up," William growled. "You better start taking this seriously if you expect to be breathing by the end."
"Okay then," the warrior huffed getting back to his feet.
He tossed aside his shirt before they slowly started circling one another. The warrior stood almost a half foot taller but there was no hesitation in the alpha. He was used to fighting against taller opponents and if they shifted that slim advantage would be lost as a wolf's size was largely determined by rank and aura.
Everyone gathered as the pair squared off William going on the attack. His speed seemed to surprise his opponent as he rained punches like a prizefighter. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. William practically bounced on his heels connecting with the other's jaw and sent him spinning. With a snarl the warrior lunged on the attack swinging wildly but managed to land a blow to William's ribs. He hardly seemed aware of it countering with another jab to the other's jaw.
This wasn't the first time someone underestimated William because of his height. The first time Jason sparred with William he made the same mistake though their match ended in a draw. For every strike the warrior managed William countered with two or three. His opponent staggered back after another trading of blows slowly coming to the realization that it was a losing fight. In desperation he shifted into a rather large brown wolf. William snarled as if waiting for this moment and shifted into his mottled tan-gray wolf. A sharp breath went through the observers, immediately seeing the difference.
William was a true Alpha. His wolf was just a bulky as his human form and easily as tall as other alphas. The warrior on the other hand was on the smaller side. No doubt it was the result of rejecting his fated mate. At least that was Jason's conclusion as he eyed the pair slowly circling each other.
This time the warrior attacked first but William was just as quick in this form as his other. He twisted clear before whipping his head around to sink his teeth in the other's shoulder. Shaking him William tossed the other to the ground. They heard a sharp snap but the warrior clawed his way back onto his paws. William wasn't giving him a moment to rest pouncing on him again and tossing him like a rag.
"Stop it! Make them stop!" Liam demanded even as Jason held him back. "He's going to kill him!"
"Maybe," Jason agreed.
"But you can't let him!"
"You would try commanding another Alpha?" Jason asked.
"One that is protecting his Luna?"
"You can make them stop, right?" Liam asked looking to Jason then to Reed as he joined them.
Reed glanced at him, "This is Blue Moon so Jason holds authority. But I'd just as soon let them continue." "Why?" Liam scoffed.
"Because the mate he rejected was my sister. If I did stop them it is only so I can have my crack at him."
Liam stared at him in disbelief before looking to Jason again. But he found no sympathy there either. A sharp cry made him jerk back to the arena as his escort was tossed again rolling to a stop just inside the boundary of the area.
It was no accident. Had the wolf been thrown out the match would be over but William was in no mood to allow that.
He stalked closer to the prone form, snarling. The warrior was slow to stir. He tried to rise but his left forelimb gave out under him and he collapsed. Whimpering, he looked to William for mercy, but the alpha bared his teeth covered in the other's blood. William opened his mouth, eager for the kill. With a whine, the warrior desperately offered his neck in submission and waited for the final blow.
When the attack didn't come he dared open his eyes to see William standing over him teeth still bared. The warrior immediately averted his gaze. William batted the warrior's face with a paw before turning away. He walked with his tail held high. A Blue Moon warrior met him as he shifted back offering a towel and pair of shorts.
"W-why?" Liam stepped forward. "What was the point of that?"
"You'll understand, pup" William spared him a glance." When you find your mate, and her honor is on the line."
"Get him to the hospital," Jason ordered at the warrior managed to shift back. "Make sure he's fit to see the ceremony. Attendance is mandatory."
###Chapter 51
"I'm telling you, it was strange," Lucille shook her head. "I mean, Phoebe is so gentle and unassuming but to hear her it was like she was someone else." She perched on Ben's lap while they sat in Jason's office.
After the sparring match between William and Lily's first mate, training was rather benign. Jason sat at his desk trying to work but his expression was pensive and Lucille's recount of their spa day was distracting. Luke leaned against the desk listening to her. "Was it her wolf?" Luke suddenly asked.
Phoebe's wolf remained as enigmatic as ever. Her former pack had been convinced she was wolfless though Jason had immediately felt its presence. Even Luke sensed it with little difficulty. There were of course instances of wolf spirits withdrawing after a rejection but that didn't explain why they hadn't known about her wolf before that. Even if Phoebe was a late bloomer her wolf would have emerged prior to her rejection.
Since arriving at Blue Moon it had become far easier for them to feel her wolf's aura though it remained largely quiet. Yet her eyes shimmered silver often and Jason was convinced it was her wolf coming forward. They were all of the same opinion. What made it difficult was that Phoebe's aura didn't seem to change at all.
Usually when a wolf spirit came forward their presence and aura shifted allowing all to feel it. However, in Phoebe's case there was no such shift...at least not unless she was angry as she had been at breakfast. They all felt her aura when confronting the young alpha and his warrior escort.
Yet those instances were few and far between.
Phoebes presence was usually far more subtle but there was no denying her influence. In fighting and disagreements between pack members had decreased and a new sense of unity grew. The warriors increased the intensity and frequency of their training on their own. In fact every member of the pack was performing their tasks with optimal efficiency and taking initiatives to improve them. Everyone seemed to want to impress their Luna with their work.
"Do you think there is something wrong with her wolf?"
Lucille asked. "I mean, it is like sick? Is that even possible?"
"Not necessarily," Luke said after a moment. "You said her eyes were silver but you didn't feel her aura, right?"
"Right."
"Mona says that is a sign that a wolf is so in tune with their spirit that it is virtually impossible to tell one from the other.
"What does that mean?" Lucille asked. It seemed strange to think a person and their wolf spirit could simply switch places on a whim and no one would notice.
Luke sighed trying to recall how Mona explained it to him," Think of you and your wolf as singing the same song. You are the melody and your wolf is the harmony. The more in tune you are with each other more blended the song becomes." "Sure," Lucille shrugged. She was tone deaf so musical analogies didn't really mean much to her.
"That's why alphas usually awaken early," Luke said. "It allows their souls to more closely sync with their wolves."
"Right, everyone knows that," Lucille rolled her eyes.
"Right, but they can sync so closely that they are truly one mind," Luke said. "There is no disconnect at all between them and their wolves. They are one."
"Really?" Lucille asked. She and her wolf argued all the time. Sometimes her wolf nagged her worse than her own mother.
"Jason is a prime example," Luke nodded to him. "He and his wolf are so in-sync sometimes you wouldn't know his wolf has come forward if you didn't notice his eyes change.
"That's true," Ben agreed. "It's almost uncanny."
"And you think Phoebe is the same?" Lucille asked.
"Actually, I think she's even more in-syne than Jason," Luke said. "There is almost no difference between her and her wolf."
"...So is that good or bad?" Lucille asked
"Neither," Luke shrugged. "I's just a fact. It explains why she's so influential without actively expressing her aura. But it also means we won't always be able to sense when her wolf is exerting its influence." "Well, that's kind of disconcerting," Lucille said.
Normally when one's wolf came forward there was a shift which allowed them to prepare and raise their own guard.
Their own wolf would come forward in response. If the only sign that Phoebe's wolf was present was a change in her eyes than they would be continually blindsided, like today.
"Maybe, but it is fun to watch," Luke chuckled.
Jason softly growled.
"Relax Jace," Luke smirked. "You saw the way she handled that young alpha and all those lunas. Name one other Luna who could do that...and with such poise too."
Jason smiled, and he felt Lobo swell and proud. He never once doubted the Goddess when it came to his fated mated. From the moment he saw Phoebe, scented her, she took his breath away. And every day she amazed him more. Yes! Mate is amazing!' Lobo practically howled.
"It's so cute the way he smiles when he thinks about her,"
Lucille teased.
Jason immediately frowned but he couldn't hold the expression as his cheeks warmed. He couldn't deny it.
Phoebe was his everything. There was nothing he wouldn't do for her.
"And the other alphas sense it too," Ben agreed. "You definitely have them intimidated."
"Me?" Jason asked. "I haven't done anything."
"You don't need to," Luke said. "You might not have noticed but we certainly have. Your aura is off the charts."
"But I haven't even used it."
"Not actively, no," Ben said. "It's like the ebb and flow of a tide. When you enter the room the tide rises. If you actually pushed it out it would be like a tidal wave and some of those alphas would definitely drown. Reed felt it when you greeted him. He's not one that's easily frazzled." "Will didn't treat me any different."
"Of course not, he's a close friend," Luke scoffed. "Why should he? Like us, he's built up some immunity to you."
"The rest of the pack seems fine."
"Naturally," Ben nodded. "You are their Alpha. You're aura is like a blanket. The stronger and more enveloping it becomes the more safe and secure they feel." "And you two?"
"Were your beta and gamma, and we've been your friends for years," Luke shrugged.
"So what now?" Lucille asked. As Jason's sister and also possessing alpha blood she had a natural resistance to her
*brother's aura so hadn't noticed
"Nothing we can do," Ben said. "This is just what happens once an alpha of Jason's status is mated. But we should watch out for the royal family."
"Why?" Lucille asked
"Because even before Jason was mated, his aura rivaled the king's," Luke explained. "And he definitely outshined both of the princes. The king has always been wary of him.
The only reason the king never acted against him was because of the princess and the possibility Jason would take her as a mate."
Jason growled unable to contain his disgust. Almost as long as Katrina pursued him Princess Selena had been an equal nuance. Every gathering the royal family hosted meant he had to endure her company all because of his unmated status.
"What's she got to do with anything?" Lucille wrinkled her nose. The princess was insufferable but it wasn't as if she held any real power.
"It's no secret she's had her eye on Jason," Ben said. "If they did mate and mark each other Jason would become a member of the royal family and the king wouldn't have to worry about him."
"I would never touch her," Jason sneered.
"That may be but you know how greedy the royal family is especially when it comes to power," Luke said
Jason sighed. That much was true. Millennium ago when werewolves first emerged from their predecessor's shadows and formed the original six packs they decided to follow the Lycan tradition of a royal family to centralize their politics. The same family had been sitting on the throne for generations but their influence had waned especially after several packs migrated across the ocean.
Outside the royals sphere of authority: Blue Moon, Blood Moon and Harvest Moon packs created and maintained their own alliances with Blue Moon gaining a decisive edge over the decades. The royal family had only moved their seat of power recently and now occupied territory in Manitoba. However they did not gain back their influence as they hoped.
Jason had little interest in the royal family's politics and certainly no desire to openly rebel against them. He maintained a neutral status but it was clear to everyone that it was only a concession on his part. The royal family would find itself in quite a dangerous position if they made him their enemy.
"I didn't see any royal family here," Ben said. "Did we even invite them?"
"No," Jason said. "It's not required and I certainly didn't want their drama to taint Phoebe's ceremony."
The other nodded. Technically it was considered courtesy to invite the royal family to important events but certainly not a requirement. Many invited them hoping to increase the prestige of their gatherings. However Jason did have a point about their drama and several other packs felt as he did choosing to avoid them as much as possible.
"So...what do we do?" Lucille asked.
"Nothing to do"" Luke shrugged. "It is what it is but I think we should be prepared."
Jason sighed. He supposed they didn't have any other choice. As much as he would rather ignore the royal family he wasn't in a position to do that. Blue Moon was too influential and too many relied on alliances with his pack to ignore all the royal family's antics. He would have to shield Phoebe from it as much as possible, though as his Luna she also couldn't ignore it forever.
###Chapter 52
The sun set hours ago. The patio was lit with soft white and blue lights in addition to the brilliant moon shining above. Floating lights in the pool added even more magic to the ambiance. Chairs were lined-up for the alphas and lunas dressed in their finest. Most lunas wore bright, bold colors but a few had chosen light blue which bordered on the silver or white reserved for the honored Luna.
It was a direct challenge, one that made Blue Moon pack members sneer in disapproval. Jason merely frowned at the offending lunas and making note of the packs who dared challenge him. Several alphas nervously pulled at their collars as his amber gaze marked them. His eyes passed over them, settling on William, who sat rather proud, his arm around his mate. Lily seemed a little self-conscious, but that didn't stop her from leaning toward him. Occasionally, he glanced over his shoulder to glare at Liam and his escort, who had been quickly patched up.
Jason couldn't blame his friend for being obsessive. But William wouldn't do anything to ruin the ceremony.
"Daddy!" Emma squealed as she ran down the aisle.
Jason chuckled, catching her as she reached him. She wore a pretty embroidered dress with a light blue ribbon around her waist and matching ones in her hair. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Blake trotted up after her, dressed in a suit to match the other males, though he was told it was unnecessary. Jason patted his head giving him an approving smile.
Blake hesitantly smiled back, self-conscious in front of so many. Giving both pups a found squeeze he escorted them to the chairs reserved for his family as his mother arrived in a dark blue evening gown. All of the pack wore blue or black, signifying their allegiance. He settled them together before returning to his place at the front with Elder Ansel.
The Elder chuckled. Like everyone he had been surprised to learn Jason adopted the pups but after meeting Phoebe and seeing them together he was less shocked. And they did seem to be a close family unit though he did worry how this would affect Jason decision when it came time to choose an heir. Most alphas selected their first-born son or, lacking that, a close blood relative.
Ben and Lucille emerged next to take their seats followed by Luke and Mona who took places as the Beta pair. Jason breathed deep as the atmosphere shifted and Phoebe finally emerged.
Her thick hair was pulled in a half-up style. Her gown was shimmering silver in the moonlight as if a part of it.
Against Phoebe's pale skin it gave her an even more pronounced heavenly glow. Jason sucked in his breath as she quietly made her way down the aisle. All eyes followed her, captivated, as her gentle aura enveloped them. They were in awe and unable to utter a single word.
Jason's chest smelled with pride as he stepped forward to take her hand and guided her up to stand in front of him.
Her gaze shimmered silver, and he knew he were amber given how close Lobo pressed forward, eager to gaze on their mate. She was gorgeous, and she outshone everyone else. None compared, and they were fools to try and compete with her.
"We are gathered here on this blue moon to formally recognize Phoebe Aiman as Blue Moon's rightful and beloved Luna," Elder Ansel intoned. "As our world has gotten bigger finding our fated mates has become more difficult. In trying times, many grow impatient and act impulsively.
"We forget that our mates are sacred gifts from the Goddess herself. They are our second half, our match, and the one who completes us. A union between fated mates is always blessed by the Goddess, and great things await those who accept the Goddess's blessings with their whole hearts.
"Let us therefore rejoice and celebrate Alpha Jason Aiman's good fortune at finding his match. May this bond be forged and blessed by the Goddess for all time."
Jason pulled Phoebe close. It had been torture to hold himself back but now there was no reason. His arm snaked around her waist as he tilted her chin and sealed their bond with a kiss. Her soft lips responded, beckoning him to more passionate pursuits. He was reluctant to release her even as their audience applauded, reminding him they weren't alone.
*I love you, Phoebe," he whispered softly nuzzling noses.
"I love you, Jason."
The night was filled with the joyful howls of the Blue Moon pack from all corners of their territory. Phoebe gave a start, but Jason merely chuckled. His voice slipped into their mindlink, "I told you they would love you." Elder Ansel cleared his throat, "As is tradition...would Alpha Jason and Luna Phoebe like to lead their pack in a moonlit run?"
Jason breathed deep. This was the moment he dreaded and anticipated most. Though he often sensed her wolf and his own assured him it was there he hadn't yet seen her wolf with his own eyes. He desperately wanted to run with her. He sensed her wolf would be glorious.
"Phoebe, are you..." Jason suddenly stiffened his gaze darted to the forest.
Beside him Luke was instantly on alert and Ben lurched to his feet. The celebratory howls suddenly fell silent before an alarm howl sounded. Phoebe stiffened feeling the packlink open as the border patrol reported in. Jason growled pulling her close in a protective embrace as their guests began to realize something was amiss.
"What is it, Jason?" William stood.
"A breach," Jason answered. He blinked as Phoebe mindlinked him with her suspicion.
"A rogue attack?" another alpha stood, slightly panicked.
"No. It's a lone wolf," Jason answered. "The patrol is trying to catch up with it. It doesn't smell like a rogue. It's something else. Mom, take the pups inside."
Norah stood gently shooing Blake and Emma inside.
Lucille stood and followed making certain the pups didn't try to return where it wasn't safe but also to guard them. As an alpha's daughter and the pack's gamma she was an impressive fighter in her own right. "Shouldn't we all be evacuating?" a luna asked.
"One wolf is hardly a threat," William scoffed though he maintained a protective stance near Lily with a soothing hand on her shoulder.
"Well, he sent those two back inside," the luna huffed.
"That has nothing to do with danger," Jason said before dropping his voice to a whisper. "Are you sure, Phoebe?"
"It's him."
Jason growled bowing his head and kissed her forehead, "
This will only take a moment."
Pulling off his coat he tucked it over her shoulders before turning and walking toward the nearby forest. Luke and Ben flanked Phoebe watching as their Alpha went to meet the intruder. "What's he doing?" an alpha demanded. "Where are your warriors?"
"He's sent them back to their stations," Luke answered
"He what?"
"They are not needed," Ben added. "This is personal. Luna, we should take you inside."
"I'll stay," Phoebe shook her head. This was something she needed to see but that didn't mean their guests needed to watch. "Everyone, drinks and food should be ready. If any of you are hungry, please feel free to head inside."
***
Jason walked purposefully undoing his tie and cufflinks as he opened his mindlink to his warriors, "Stand down and return to your posts."
"But Alpha, the intrude..."
"Is here to challenge me. Let him come. It's time to finish this once and for all."
"Yes, Alpha."
Jason paused once he reached the field. He carefully removed his shirt, folded it and dropped it on the ground.
As he straightened he spotted the large brown wolf rushing out of the trees. Reaching the open field it came to a sudden halt before spotting Jason. It cautiously stalked forward.
"Hello Graham," Jason greeted. "Long time, no see."
The wolf snarled stepping closer.
"I'd ask what brings you here but I think I already know the answer," Jason said evenly not sure if the other alpha could even understand him. "You see Phoebe told me everything...about how even after her rejection there were remnants of the bond and she could feel it when you were with your chosen Luna. It got me thinking what would happen to a wolf who hadn't accepted the rejection. How much pain would they feel when someone else claimed their mate. So how did it feel when Phoebe gave herself to me?" Graham's wolf snarled.
"That bad?" Jason smirked. "I told you, she would scream my name. And you have no one but yourself to blame for rejecting perfection."
Graham's wolf growled but it came out more as a whimper.
"She's mine. You should accept that and move one. You have your Luna."
The wolf snarled.
Jason's gaze narrowed, "It's too late, isn't it? You've gone feral. You're only a step away from going full rogue, aren't you? Well, it seems I have no choice but to put you down. Are you ready?"
Graham's wolf leapt on the attack.
###Chapter 53
Jason crouched, giving full control to Lobo as his wolf practically tore out of him, tired of being held back. Fur erupted over his body as his bones cracked and realigned with amazing speed. Aside from the first time there had never been much pain and his shifts always faster than anyone else's. Graham's wolf hadn't taken two leaps before it was complete and he was ready to face him. Jason's brown wolf was so dark it was like a living shadow at night. Outweighing his opponent by several hundred pounds it charged to meet its attacker crashing into Graham and tossing him aside. Graham tumbled, rolling to a stop before fighting back to his paws to see Jason calmly waiting for him to recover. The wolf in front of him was at least a foot taller and a hundred pounds heavier but Graham was too far gone to care. It lunged baring its teeth.
'Is he serious?' Jason couldn't help but wonder and Lobo seemed just as unimpressed.
Twisting out of the way Lobo bounded out of reach and watched his opponent land in a tumble. Graham clawed back to his feet and rushed him again. Lobo easily dodged and again took a stance and waited. "He's lost all reason, Jason sighed. He's nothing but instinct now.
Lobo huffed agreement. He had been looking forward to a fight to settle the score for their Luna but now it was mute.
*If not for his instinct to claim his mate Graham would have succumbed to being rogue days ago. Perhaps that was why his wolf was so desperate. It knew the only way to keep from going rogue lay in claiming its mate. But she belonged to them now. There is no point to this. Let's just finish him.
Yes. We will spare Mate any pain by showing this one mercy.
It hurt to think Phoebe would still harbor any feelings for this wolf and Jason had no idea how he would comfort her after they ended him. But there was no choice. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. It was clear Graham was too far gone. When his wolf leapt on the attack again Lobo dodged and turned sinking his jaws into the other's neck.
Wringing him like a ragdoll he tossed Graham's wolf aside and waited as he struggled to his feet. This time Lobo didn't wait pouncing on his enemy. The sickly crack of bones rewarded his efforts and Graham cried out in pain before trying to claw himself back up only to discover his hind legs were unresponsive. With a growl Lobo seized the defenseless wolf's neck shaking hard before he was rewarded with another sharp crack.
Releasing his opponent he stepped back watching its last breath rattle in its chest before falling silent. Lobo huffed in disgust. There was no victory in his death but he turned his face to the sky and howled anyway. His pack echoed it back to him rejoicing and celebrating their Alpha's strength.
Huffing again, Lobo turned away from the fallen wolf walking back to where Jason discarded his shirt and where they had shredded their pants.
He didn't have to wait long as Ben hastily brought him a pair of sweats and a towel. Still unsatisfied with the fight Lobo gave Jason back control to brood in the back of his mind while he shifted and accepted the towel from his Gamma. He changed quickly pulling on the sweatpants before reclaiming his shirt and walking back to the others. "Alpha."
"What?"
"There are some pack wolves at the gate. They claim they are from Rimrock trying to track their alpha."
"Send them through. They can have his body."
At least now he wouldn't have to worry about disposing of it himself. Jason sighed nearing the patio crowded with onlookers. Phoebe stood at the forefront still wearing his jacket with Luke and Elder Ansel. Her eyes shimmered with tears and he couldn't help but wonder if she was mourning her first mate. What did she think of him now that he had ended him?
"Phoebe..."
He meant to apologize but she cut him off as her hands gripped his face and pulled it toward her and hungrily tasted him. His arms encircled her pulling her soft, warm body against his and drove out the chill that settled in his heart. "Mate still loves us!' Lobo happily wagged his tail.
"Are you okay?" Phoebe asked stroking his cheek. "You're not hurt, right?"
"Of course not. He couldn't touch me," Jason smirked holding her close.
"You're not angry?"
"Only because he couldn't just stay away," Phoebe rested her head on his shoulder. "He should have let me go."
"Agreed."
"Alpha Jason?" Elder Ansel stepped forward. "That wolf..."
"Alpha Graham of Rimrock, Jason answered though he loathed to admit the next part. "He's Phoebe's first mate, the one who rejected her."
"I see." Elder Ansel sadly nodded looking to her as she sought comfort in Jason's arms. "It seems his wolf could not let go of the bond. It is a pity but that is the danger of rejecting your mate. And a warning to all."
Elder Ansel cast a gaze across the assembled alphas, lunas, betas and their younger companions. A few had retreated inside but most had remained outside to watch the one-sided duel. Probably only two-thirds had waited for their fated mate while the rest settled for a chosen one. A few he noticed looked suitably ashamed they rejected their fated mates as well.
Before he spoke again an SUV circled the packhouse guided by shifted Blue Moon warriors and pulled up alongside the patio. The passenger door opened allowing Beta Michael to exit. He looked older than Phoebe remembered. No doubt chasing down his alpha had taken its toll.
"Alpha Jason, Luna Phoebe," Michael bowed to them. "I'm... very sorry for this disturbance to your festivities."
"Appreciated, Beta," Jason nodded then looked in the direction of the fallen alpha. "He's over there."
"Thank you."
"Beta," Elder Ansel stepped forward.
"Take your Alpha back
to your pack. I shall stop by in a day or so to oversee the succession process. I take it...he had no heirs."
"No. And thank you," Michael nodded before returning to his vehicle with the other pack members who accompanied him.
The SUV drove slowly across the field to where Graham's prone form lay. By now he had shifted back to his human form. They gathered around him bringing out a body bag.
Elder Ansel cleared his throat after a moment, "Perhaps we should head inside and give them some privacy."
Jason nodded, and his warriors began ushering their guests inside, where dinner waited. Under normal circumstances, Jason and Phoebe would shift and lead a portion of their pack on a moonlit run for an hour or two. While they did that their guests would enjoy a cocktail hour and hors d'oeuvres before dinner along with the pups, pregnant she-wolves and others that chose to remain behind so there was plenty of food ready. There was some grumbling but none dared question the change of plans after the battle they witnessed.
"Come inside, Phoebe," Jason urged.
She glanced once more to where her former pack members were gathered before turning away and accompanying him inside to her new pack.
***
Jason sighed as he stepped out of the shower. While everyone else headed to the dining hall he had gone up to his room for a quick shower and change of clothes. Rogue wolves had a sickly sweet scent that was not easily washed away. Graham's scent hadn't been quite to that degree but it was close and Jason couldn't help but wonder how much further he had to slip before succumbing.
He stepped out of the bathroom with a towel tied around his waist to find Phoebe seated on the edge of the bed. She still wore her silver gown and beside her she had laid out a new pair of black trousers and a black, silk shirt. He planned to ditch the monkey-suit after the run for something simpler and more comfortable anyway. It seemed Phoebe knew it as well. She shyly smiled as she stood to meet him.
"Phoebe," Jason sighed taking her into his arms. He bowed his head and breathed in her scent. "I'm so sorry."
"For what?" she asked her brow furrowing in confusion.
"About...Graham," he struggled to keep the growl from his voice.
He hated the idea of her mourning the other alpha, but Graham was her first mate, and as brief as their time together had been, she had to harbor some attachment and thoughts toward him. "Why are you sorry?" Phoebe asked. "Shouldn't that be my line?"
"Your line?" Jason snorted. "He was your first mate and l...
Phoebe shook her head placing her fingers against his lips to prevent him from saying more, "No...he wasn't."
"What?" Jason asked. Now he was confused.
"Something Máni told me awhile ago," Phoebe said. "She said the Moon Goddess loves us but sometimes we have to face trials to prove ourselves worthy of the path she has set for us."
"I don't understand."
"Graham...was not my mate. He was my trial to prove I was worthy of being your mate," Phoebe said. "It was always meant to be you."
Jason stroked her cheek letting his worries ease. Lobo sighed in his mind, wagging his tail. He smiled, "Yes, you were always meant to be mine... but you got wrong. I'm the one who had to prove myself worthy of you."
Before she could argue he pressed his lips to hers. Her hands worked up to his neck holding him close as her lips answered his. An appreciative growl rumbled in his chest as Lobo stirred eager for a taste of his mate. "Mmm...Jason...our guests," Phoebe mumbled as he gently kissed down the nape of her neck to her marking spot.
"They can wait a little longer," Jason muttered finding her mark and sucking on it hungrily.
###Chapter 54
All eyes turned to them as they entered the dining hall.
Phoebe's cheeks warmed but Jason tugged her close. He didn't mind if they looked as long as they didn't come between them. "Mommy! Daddy!" Emma greeted running up to them.
Jason scooped her up letting Phoebe nuzzle her before they reached the main table. Patting Blakes's head, he ignored the stares. It was unprecedented for an alpha to adopt pups, and every time he was with them, it stirred whispers, but he didn't mind. Emma and Blake were not only precious to Phoebe but they had firmly lodged themselves in his heart as well. Lobo offered no disagreement and the pups' scent was almost as soothing as their Lunas.
A server brought a tray of champagne. Jason offered one to Phoebe before taking one for himself. It was human-made so he had no fear of it harming her. Standing close to her as Blake stood up on his chair, Jason raised his glass, drawing the attention of their guests, though most were already watching them.
"Friends," Jason announced. "We are here to celebrate an extraordinary she-wolf, the most extraordinary one I have ever met. She came into my life just when I was on the verge of giving up. I spent one lonely night after another cursing the fickleness of the Moon Goddess, wondering what I did to incur her wrath and be punished in such a cruel way as year after year I endured without my mate, my Luna.
"But now I understand. It wasn't a punishment. It was a trial, a trial to prove myself worthy of this amazing, kind, gentle she-wolf. She completes me in ways I am still discovering. The piece of me I was missing, she returned to me. And for the first time in all my years my heart and life are full. To my Luna."
Jason raised his glass and all others followed suit. Phoebe felt her face warm at the praise. She didn't dare look at anyone in particular as Máni swelled with pride.
'It's about time we were appreciated.
Phoebe couldn't help but chuckle at her wolf's satisfaction.
The last five years had been rather frustrating for her wolf.
Phoebe always thought it was odd her wolf continued to hide in the back of her mind refusing to assert herself until Jason's arrival. Odder still was how quickly her wolf became comfortable with expressing itself now. Was it because they finally found their fated mate? If Jason had also rejected them would Máni have remained silent?
"You're thinking too much," Jason's voice flitted into her mind as his arm slipped around her waist.
Phoebe blinked, startled as he pulled her close.
"Anything wrong?"
"No. I guess I'm just expecting myself to wake up and find this is all a dream."
"If this is a dream I hope we never wake up," Jason kissed her temple, "because a life without you is a nightmare."
Phoebe rested her head on his shoulder. She agreed. If this was a dream, she didn't want to wake up either.
Taking their seats they settled in as the kitchen staff served up dinner: roast beef, steamed vegetables, potatoes, a variety of casseroles and salads. There was more than enough variety for just about any pallet though it was clear their guests were a little surprised. It wasn't uncommon for packs to spend ludicrous amount on more expensive fare all in an effort to impress their honored guests. Lobster, caviar and rare delicacies were the usual expectation. However, Phoebe surprised the staff by insisting on a heartier meal. Despite Norah and Lucille's dismay she stuck to a more moderate food budget. But it wasn't just the pack's finances she was concerned about.
In truth, she didn't care for such extravagant meals. They were pointless and she wanted everyone to enjoy their meal.
Though the guests were surprised by the food choice they certainly weren't complaining and eagerly asked for seconds. Even Blake and Emma stuffed themselves until they were ready to burst. Phoebe didn't complain when Jason snuck more servings onto her plate in his campaign to get her to eat more.
He was still preoccupied making sure she ate enough. Máni often nagged her to eat more but it wasn't always easy to muster the motivation. Perhaps that was by she enjoyed cooking for the pups so much. She ate more when they ate together.
Since meeting Jason her appetite had been gradually increasing and she already put on several pounds. Jason was determined to take advantage and kept adding more food to her plate. Phoebe could only shake her head as Máni also pushed her to eat more. She had a sense that Máni was trying to prepare for something.
In the past her lack of appetite hadn't hampered them as they rarely shifted. Now Máni seemed to want to build their strength. Phoebe wasn't certain what her wolf was expecting. Surely they didn't have to be afraid of rogues in their new pack. Blue Moon was considerably larger and maintained patrols of its borders.
Yet Máni continued to act as if there would be trouble and they had to be ready. It made Phoebe anxious but she tried not to think about it in case Jason sensed her unease. He was certainly sensitive to the bond and she didn't want him to worry given her wolf's silence when it came to answers.
As the night progressed Emma struggled to remain awake and not fall asleep in her potatoes. Jason chuckled as she jerked awake yet again before reaching over and pulling her into his lap. The pup didn't offer a word of protest cuddling into his chest and falling asleep instantly. He nuzzled her, kissing the top of her head and earning more than a few looks from the others.
Those who had gotten close to the orphaned pair noticed they definitely carried Jason's scent. They were initiated into the pack with a blood oath but that alone wouldn't have affected their scent. The only reason they would carry his scent was if his wolf fully accepted them as his own.
The others watched as he cuddled the sleeping pup with a mixture of confusion and admiration. Lunas in particular were quite envious at the care he showed the pups not to mention how he showered his attention on Phoebe. It seemed he couldn't go a minute without at least kissing her hand.
Alphas who had taken chosen mates couldn't understand his obsession as they had no trouble leaving their lunas for days. Their lunas served a purpose providing balance to their pack's as well as heirs but they were nothing special. Certainly, s*x was enjoyable, but for the most part, they were content to ignore them.
On the other hand, alphas who had their fated mate remembered their own early days with their lunas.
Watching Jason spurred them to renew their romance and recapture that feeling whether they had been mated a year or ten.
"Here, let me take her," Norah chuckled, coming up to Jason with open arms. "I'll put her to bed."
Jason was loathed to give up the little one but eventually acquiesced and handed Emma to his mother. Norah struggled to make the little one comfortable in her arms before looking at Blake, who was also fading.
"Come along," Norah tussled his hair. "Time for bed."
Blake frowned but was too tired to argue. Phoebe gave him a good night kiss before sending him off. Jason grasped her hand and kissed it earning more jealous stares as she smiled at him. Glancing at her plate Jason was satisfied to see she had not only polished off her first serving of roast, potatoes and vegetables but also the second helping he added. He would have liked her to have one more but decided to let it slide for now. As the night progressed they mingled with their guests.
Jealous stares followed Phoebe wherever she went as Jason kept a protective arm around her at all times nuzzling and kissing her as if to ward off anyone thinking of taking her from him. The envious stares might have made her nervous if not for Máni's contentment.
"Jason!" William approached with his arm around Lily and seemingly unaware of the protective aura surrounding Jason and Phoebe, "I've been meaning to ask you...that challenger tonight...you clearly had him outmatched. Why did you send the pups inside? It wasn't as if they were in danger."
Jason hesitated, "Because he as their former alpha. I didn't want them to have to watch their old alpha and their new one fight to the death."
"Meaning...you didn't want them to fear you," Reed surmised as he joined them. He stood close to his sister to appear non-threatening as his luna was not with him.
Jason grimaced. It was true. He did worry about how the pups perceived him. Every time Emma called him daddy and ran up to him stirred protective instincts he didn't know existed and brought him a joy he really couldn't describe.
He didn't want that to change. He couldn't bear the thought of the pups suddenly being wary of him.
"You mean to tell me, the mighty Alpha Jason is just a big softy?" William chuckled.
"He is and I wouldn't have it any other way," Phoebe said leaning into him as his embrace tightened.
"Whatever my Luna wants, she'll have," Jason whispered.
He would deny her nothing.
###Chapter 55
"Huh, wait. Your first mate was also an alpha?" William asked.
His voice carried further than intended and drew a few looks in their direction. Though many heard the rumor Phoebe had been rejected they knew nothing about her first mate. That fact no longer surprised her. Phoebe had long ago realized the shame of rejection followed the recipient not the giver. "Yes," Phoebe nodded. "We met shortly after he returned from his time at the Alpha School. We only knew each other based on rumors. It was the first time we ever met face-to-face."
"And he rejected you...just like that?" William scoffed.
"He had already decided to take a chosen mate while he was at school," Phoebe shrugged. "I guess he didn't want to change his mind."
She leaned against Jason hoping he would relax. The moment William started talking about her first mate he tensed. It seemed it was more of a sensitive subject to him than it ever was to her. "You!"
Phoebe jerked to attention and turned to the door as did everyone else to see Camilla wearing a light blue gown.
Máni sneered at the blatant disrespect. This was Phoebe's Luna Ceremony after all and Camilla was nowhere near Luna status. At first, Phoebe wondered what the she-wolf could possibly want until she realized Camilla's attention was on Lily. Is she really doing this now?'
This should be interesting, Máni mused.
"How dare you try to take my place," Camilla stalked toward their small circle.
Phoebe had to give the she wolf credit as she boldly approached three alphas even with Máni suppressing their auras somewhat. She could tell Jason and especially Reed had their hackles up while William seemed almost frozen.
Did he really think this confrontation was avoidable?
She glanced at Lily noting she seemed startled but not overly anxious. In fact she actually seemed calm despite the situation she found herself in. Perhaps their chat in the spa...or...
"Mani, are you doing something?'
I don't know what you are referring to, her wolf huffed. 1 might be nudging her wolf a bit but don't you feel it?'
Phoebe turned her attention to Lily opening her mind through her wolf's senses. Though Máni was suppressing the males somewhat she was doing no such thing to Lily.
An anxious energy was surrounding her as if her wolf was pacing, trying to suppress the urge to attack.
"Máni?"
'Her wolf has been suppressed for a long time,' Máni confirmed. Nothing is more dangerous than confronting one who finally has something that is theirs' 'Should we...do something?'
Interesting that you think we could.
Lily's eyes flashed as her wolf pressed forward and she stepped away from William to meet the approaching she-wolf she had yet to formally meet. Yet she didn't panic.
Her wolf practically begged to be given control so she loosened the leash a bit. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. She glanced at Phoebe to see her eyes shimmering silver with mirth and she became even more confident. What was it she said to do if Camilla dared step in front of her?
Camilla approached, looking furious, but oddly, Lily didn't sense any aura. Was her wolf not in agreement with this?
Well that didn't really matter. Lily didn't trust her courage.
She knew she would wilt under pressure even though her wolf seemed far more confident.
As soon as Camilla was in front of her she followed
Phoebe's advice slapping her across the face. Whether it was the force of the slap or simply surprise Camilla's head snapped to the side and she froze. Idle chatter ceased and all eyes not already watching the new drama unfold were certainly aware of it now. But Lily remained calm with her wolf firmly at the forefront.
"You dare approach your Luna like that?" Lily declared. "If you had any sort of dignity you'd know better."
Camilla stood with her mouth open in shock. Her face stung and her wolf was no help at all. She thought this she-wolf was a pushover. At least that was the rumor but standing in front of her was a fierce wolf quite a bit taller than herself.
"I suggest you back off...unless you want to formally challenge me," Lily said. "Well?"
Camilla hesitated before baring her neck and backing away. The others gave her a wide berth as she retreated as quickly as she entered. A few snickered at her unfortunate situation.
Lily turned her eyes, falling on William, who seemed startled and turned on at the same time. She returned to him, yanking him by the collar and kissing him firmly on the lips before saying, "If you ever look at another she-wolf again, it will be the last thing you do." "Y-yes," William said with a shiver of pleasure as her eyes slowly returned to normal and her wolf subsided.
She looked to Phoebe and mirrored her smile mouthing thank you. Phoebe gave her the barest of nods. Lily turned, heading for the door, practically dragging her mate after her. William offered no resistance.
"Something you want to share?" Jason asked giving Phoebe a squeeze.
"Yeah, I was wondering that myself," Reed agreed.
"I don't
think I've ever seen my sister act like that before."
"I might have given her a few pointers," Phoebe answered."
But you really should know better than to underestimate her. After all, she has just as much alpha blood as you."
Reed hesitated realizing the truth of her words. That was right. Lily's soft-spoken nature often made others forget the strength in her blood. Looking across the room he wasn't the only one who needed the reminder.
***
Jason pulled Phoebe into his arms kissing her deeply and loving how she fit against him. Her scent became spicy and he had a difficult time holding himself back. She smelled heavenly and he had been reigning himself in all night. Ever since his duel with Graham he longed to assert his claim.
She belonged to him.
He dipped his head kissing down her neck and growling with appreciation as she moaned. Her fingers fumbled with the buttons of his shirt but eventually her hands found his chest. Jason groaned.
"J-Jason," Phoebe moaned as his hands caressed her slowly freeing her from her gown and letting it pool at her feet.
"I don't know if I told you...you looked so beautiful tonight in that dress," Jason mumbled. "But you look beautiful out "of it too."
Phoebe chuckled her hands moving to his shoulders and peeling back his shirt, "You too."
Barking out a laugh he gladly shed it eager to feel her skin against his. Her scent was so much stronger now his mouth was practically watering in anticipation.
'Yes! Claim Mate! Mate is ours!'
With a possessive growl, Jason swept her off her feet, carrying her to bed and laying her down. His amber eyes were bright with lust as he stared at her yanking off his belt and shoving aside his pants. Phoebe shivered in anticipation as he hovered above her. He captured her lips in his, dominating them even as he growled again. She was his.
...Jason," Phoebe moaned, breathless, as he moved to her neck and found her mark
Fur bristled along his arms as his wolf pressed forward.
They both wanted this and hungered for it. The full moon dominated their instinct to claim what was theirs.
"Phoebe.." Jason muttered barely in control.
She seemed to know what he wanted, or perhaps it was her wolf. As their lips parted she rolled onto her stomach and rising up onto her knees. He forced her legs apart to make room as he slowly sank into her with a groan of satisfaction. They were wolves and this was the most natural position for them to mate. Had they gone on the moonlit run their wolves would have certainly indulged in their own sport?
Phoebe's hands gripped the sheets as he found his rhythm, thrusting in and out with ever-increasing force. One hand gripped her hips while the other found her c**t stimulating her from both angles. She moaned her mind a riot as her body clenched and her first orgasm consumed her all too quickly. But he wasn't finished.
He teased her letting her ride her waves of pleasure only to increase his pace. She arched her back, encouraging him, not that he needed it. "J-Jason...
"Say it," he growled low. "Say what I want to hear."
"Mmm! I'm yours."
"Again."
"I'm yours. I'm yours," Phoebe could barely breathe out the words as their flesh slapped together and he buried himself in her. Jason growled as her body clenched around him, and his control came undone, emptying his release deep within and filling her. His. She belonged to him and only him.
###Chapter 56
"Here, try this one next," Norah encouraged giving Phoebe yet another gown to try on.
This one was pink with a slight orange tint. She was pretty sure the color was called salmon though she never gave much thought to such matters before. There were a lot of things she never thought of before becoming Luna to the Blue Moon pack. This was one of those. "It's a shame we can't go with blue," Norah fussed looking at a light blue gown. "Blue goes so good with your eyes."
"And why can't we?" Phoebe asked from the dressing room. "Because her royal pain always wears blue," Lucille sighed.
"And if anyone dares copy her heads will roll."
In the three months since her Luna Ceremony Phoebe felt she had been pulled in a hundred different directions. The pack itself finally seemed to have settled into a routine now with their Luna firmly at the helm.
In fighting among the pack members had ceased completely. Everyone went about their duties with relaxed ease. There was a sense of unity and higher ranked members treated lower ranks with polite dignity less they wished to incur their Luna's wrath. A few of the younger ones had already learned the dangers of that road.
Phoebes gentle nature and soft-spoken way lulled others into compliance but if they dared ignore her warnings they would feel the weight of her aura press down on them sending their wolves curling into balls. None dared meet her silver gaze and would bear their necks in submission pleading for her to withdraw her anger.
It only happened once or twice before the pack wised up.
Phoebe would not tolerate any member disparaging another. Punishment for ignoring her warnings was as severe as they were creative. If a warrior thought a maid was beneath them that was fine. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They could clean their own room and do their own laundry. If a wolf thought the cooks didn't contribute to the pack then they could cook their own meals and were barred from the dining hall. Most did not last a day trying to do their own chores and in order for them to convince Phoebe to release their punishment they needed not only to appease her but the party they offended in the first place. If Phoebe deemed such punishment too light she would temporarily reassign the offending wolf to join the maid service or the kitchen staff until she was satisfied they respected the job and the duties. Needless to say it didn't take long for pack members to change their behavior.
And it wasn't just the pack that learned this lesson. Blue Moon often served as a mediator and neutral party so hosted other packs needing such intervention. If these visitors attempted to belittle any of the Blue Moon's members they soon found themselves serving similar punishments. Rank had no bearing. If they tried to appeal to Jason they found even he bowed to her. In Blue Moon the Luna's word was law, even for the Alpha.
She was not one to laze around either. Phoebe spent most of her time with the pack nursery and daycare instituting several education programs. A music room had been added. Her mother's piano was moved out from storage and the one already in the packhouse carefully restored, polished and tuned. Her mother's music books had also been located and added to the room in addition to several new instruments: recorders, xylophones, drums, guitars, bells and numerous others.
In addition to music lessons the daycare also had its own community garden the pups were in charge of caring for: planting, weeding and harvesting. They also went on various outings learning basic survival and foraging skills.
The lessons were not limited to the pups. Adolescents, sub-adults and adults were all encouraged to take part in such lessons. Phoebe instituted cooking classes, mending, general first aid, gardening and foraging, as well as several other classes that taught basic skills she thought every pack member should know. Not only did these lessons help the members appreciate the contributions of others it also paved the way in developing hobbies and interests. Some even chose to do more advance research on their own. For the most part Norah stood back and watched in fascination as Phoebe instituted one dramatic change after another. Her presence seeped into every aspect of pack's daily routine and consciousness. It was an amazing spectacle to watch and she wasn't certain if anyone else truly appreciated it for what it was.
It was like the moon had settled directly over the pack pulling the tide and making everyone reach for new heights. Jason's influence had also grown. He no longer fought his own loneliness and his bouts of depression were mere memories. Blue Moon's Alpha was not only relaxed and happy but also brimming with confidence and dominance. Even if he didn't force out his aura others couldn't help but bare their necks in submission.
Norah was naturally happy for her son and also worried.
Before finding his mate Jason already had more influence and power than any other alpha. In fact his aura already rivaled the king's before Phoebe's arrival.
When werewolves first emerged lycans were already disappearing. Some historians thought it was a natural evolution but there was evidence the transition was not a peaceful one. The New Moon Pack specialized in studying and keeping the history of their kind. Norah hadn't made a study of it herself but she did know that many of the traditions werewolves developed to govern themselves were inherited by their lycan ancestors including appointing a king.
After the downfall of the lycans the six ancient packs chose their strongest alpha to elevate to the station of king and instituted the creation of the royal pack. Later a Council of Elders was also established. The King, Council and Alphas formed a check and balancing system though, in truth, the king held little actual power.
He was little more than a figurehead, a neutral party, to rule over disputes but any alpha was more than capable of performing such tasks. When the ancient packs decided to spread out to avoid over crowding it quickly became apparent how little power the king truly possessed. Since traveling back to the king to mediate was too difficult the packs mediated for each other.
No doubt sensing his power eroding the royal pack relocated to North America only a couple decades ago to establish themselves a territory in northern Manitoba but the damage had been done. Packs were already used to governing themselves and Blue Moon in particular built a reputation of fair judgment and sound advice. The king tried to ignore it assuming the status quo would return now that they had a presence on the continent but that did not come to pass and their influence continued to wane while Blue Moon's waxed.
It could not simply be ignored. Jason's aura outstripped either of the princes and even the king himself could not command him. The disparity would only become more apparent now that he had his Luna.
Norah was nervous what would happen when the royal family met Phoebe. They certainly would not be able to ignore the newly mated couple. In fact she was quite certain no one would be able to ignore them.
She turned as Phoebe stepped out of the dressing room and stood in front of the mirrors. The pastel color was very well-suited to her complexion and gave her a warm glow.
"Yes," Norah smiled. "That one."
"Finally," Phoebe sighed. "Now we can go home."
She craned her neck looking for Blake and Emma who were wandering the racks. Both were disappointed they could not attend the party but it wasn't a place for pups and, as the princess couldn't stand them, it was even a little dangerous. "I don't see why I have to go," Lucille huffed. "With Phoebe here I don't have to represent the pack anymore."
"That may be but warriors are not allowed in the royal palace. Jason can only bring his Beta or Gamma. You know he won't allow Phoebe to be unprotected."
"So I'm a glorified bodyguard," Lucille snorted. "You think after three months he would have calmed down."
Norah frowned. Most males settled down after their mate was marked and a little time passed. And Jason had settled somewhat however whenever Phoebe left the pack lands on an errand like today his anxiety levels spiked.
Given how long it had taken him to find her it wasn't strange but Norah couldn't help but think something else was going on.
Wolves were creatures of instinct guided by energies even their human counterparts did not understand. Given the synergy between Jason and his wolf there had to be a reason why their protective instincts hadn't lessened. It made Norah even more anxious that Phoebe's first appearance in front of the royal family went well.
Phoebe returned after changing out of the gown, "So...we are done right?"
"Not quite," Norah smiled. "Now we need to look at some accessories."
"Is that really necessary?" Phoebe asked
"Of course, you are representing Blue Moon so it's important to show the pack is strong and prosperous." Phoebe sighed
Norah chuckled. Since arriving at Blue Moon Phoebes only piece of jewelry was a macaroni necklace and friendship bracelet made by the pups. Phoebe was of a much more practical mind and didn't have any use for superfluous signs of wealth. Norah couldn't help but think how well matched Jason and Phoebe truly was as he also didn't have any use for such things. In fact Jason had very little use for gifts at all.
When it came to expressing heartfelt emotions Jason preferred to spend time and devote his attention to his loved ones. It only took a moment to see Phoebe shared the same sentiment. She loved to spend time with them as well as cook for those she cared about. It quickly became a tradition for her to cook a meal for all of them: Jason, the pups, Norah, as well as Luke, Mona, Ben and Lucille once a week. At first they tried to protest until Bridget set them straight. Phoebes love language was caring and providing, which meant food and they shouldn't waste it.
Luke and Ben certainly weren't ones to complain about a well-done meal and there was no denying Phoebe's skills in the kitchen. And Jason's thoughts were easy enough to read. He would eat anything Phoebe placed in front of him even if it was ketchup packets. "I know you don't have much interest in status symbols," Norah said, "but these parties are all about showing status and wealth."
"And Blue Moon is one of the wealthiest."
"Yes."
"All right. Emma, Blake," Phoebe called.
Though her voice was soft the pups immediately returned to her side. They headed to the register where a pile was waiting for them before heading to the next store.
###Chapter 57
Jason sat drumming his finger on the desk as his eyes kept drifting to the clock then to his phone. Since his mother, sister, mate and pups were well outside the boundaries of his territory they could not contact him through the pack's link leaving cell phones their
most reliable form of communication.
He had taken Phoebe phone shopping months ago not only buying a phone but also pairing it with a smartwatch. The pups were too young for phones of their own but they now had watches that functioned as trackers and would allow them to make emergency calls if something happened. Just a few taps of his phone would reveal their location on screen.
"Jace, seriously," Ben sighed, "you're acting all twitchy and it's not helping. My mate is with them too and now I'm getting anxious."
Jason growled.
"Ben's right," Luke said. "It's been months. Her guards are with her and the pups. And if anything happened you'd feel it through the bond."
Jason rubbed his hands down his face. They were right and he knew it. Though Phoebe was too far away to mindlink he could still sense her state of mind through their bond. Right now she was content if a little tired as was usual when she went shopping with his mother. But he still couldn't shake his anxiety. His wolf was no help as Lobo paced the back of his mind.
We should be with Mate. Only we can protect Mate.
Every time Phoebe left the territory without him it was the same story and it wasn't much better when he was with her. When he acted as her escort he was always on edge seeking out any potential threats and when he was left behind he waited anxiously for her return. He was practically on the verge of shifting.
"If they waited until tomorrow I could have gone with them,"
Jason complained.
"I know you worry about your Luna but she needs some alone time with fellow she-wolves too," Ben chuckled.
Phoebe and Jason were almost too practical when it came to their everyday attire. It brought Norah great joy to shop and choose gowns for Phoebe who was not nearly as opinionated as Lucille when it came to style.
"And what about those sparring lessons you've been giving her?" Luke reminded.
A month ago Phoebe expressed interest in self-defense classes. She wanted to make herself stronger and assured him one of her guards could act as her instructor but Jason took the role instead. Luke thought it was a bad idea. As her mate Jason would be hesitant to use full force against Phoebe for fear of hurting her. However since the lessons involved breaking holds and grappling techniques force wasn't really a concern.
He started slow with strength training to build her muscle tone. Surprisingly her endurance was already quite good no doubt due to years of running after pups. The training had the added benefit of increasing her appetite.
Since arriving at Blue Moon Phoebe gained at least fifteen pounds filling out her frame. She now had a healthy glow and her strength had improved greatly. Her petite form had gained considerable curves and her aura was even enhanced. Everyone gravitated toward her. Jason would have been jealous if he didn't know she belonged to him... and him alone.
Every night they lay together entwined. Her scent tantalized him and stoked his desires. Just the memory had him longing to touch her, taste her and claim her all over again.
"Do you mind?" Ben growled. "I can smell your arousal from here and it's rather infuriating. Luke is the only one whose mate is close by."
"If you think this is bad you should smell what it's like after they've been training, Luke chuckled
Jason glared at him even as he blushed deep red. Training had more than one benefit. Grappling required close physical contact often causing their bond to flare which naturally led to another sort of grappling session. Not to mention the shower afterwards. Luke continued to laugh at his discomfort. Even after three months it was a touchy subject but it wasn't wise to tease him for too long, "Besides you couldn't have gone with them tomorrow. Erick of the Cedar Creek pack arrives tomorrow and Gideon from the Fall Leaf pack two days after that. I'm not handling that alone."
"Who?" Jason asked not recalling alphas by either name.
"You want to explain since you're the bonehead who scheduled this?" Luke glared at Ben.
"How was I supposed to know? They are technically allies,"
Ben threw up his hands.
"How about a little research before you just blindly say yes?"
"What am I missing?" Jason interrupted. If he didn't say something they would bicker for an hour.
Luke shot Ben a glare. The gamma rolled his eyes before explaining, "Cedar Creek and Fall Leaf are too packs in the mid-south. They share quite a bit of borderland and they are allies...on paper."
Jason raised an eyebrow.
"Erick and Gideon aren't the ruling alphas" Luke added."
Their fathers still hold the titles. The boys are their heirs.
They grew up together and started off as friends with a friendly rivalry but ever since high school their rivalry has become...bitter."
"How bitter?"
"Bitter enough to almost tear the school apart," Luke shook his head. "They compete in everything but up until recently it was contained. Now it's spilling into their packs...over a girl if rumors are to be believed."
Jason rubbed his temples. Why wasn't he surprised? When would young wolves learn to settle down and start looking for their mates rather than wasting time with she wolves that were clearly not?
"So, why are they coming here?" Jason asked as if he didn't already know.
"Their fathers are hoping some intense training and lessons will settle them down," Ben said.
"In other words they don't have the finances to send them to the Alpha School and sent them here instead," Jason sighed.
This wasn't the first time they faced the same situation.
The only school devoted to preparing alphas and their ranked members was in Europe. Not only was the tuition to attend expensive but even just making the journey was difficult. For packs who couldn't afford the cost sending their heirs to another pack was a viable option. Blue Moon often hosted such individuals.
Jason certainly didn't mind, however, there was always an adjustment as the young alphas came to terms with the fact they were no longer a ranked member. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They were expected to conduct themselves with humility and bare their necks to Jason. Not an easy thing for any alpha to accept but Jason was not about to tolerate disrespect on his own territory. It would be worse if their guests didn't get along.
But something about this situation felt different. It was one thing for wolves to be rivals and even compete over the affections of a female. Very seldom did it ever bring two packs to the brink of war. There was definitely something more to these rumors than was alleged.
How were they supposed to treat the issue if they didn't know the cause? Just what were their fathers thinking?
Were they hoping Jason would beat them into shape? That didn't see a productive way of dealing with the contention.
"Fraid so," Ben grimaced. It would be a hassle but nothing they couldn't handle.
Jason sighed. There was still another month before the royal gathering to celebrate the princess's birthday. Even if the young alphas didn't finish their lessons by then they should have at least settled down enough not to cause issues. He hoped. Still... "Well, I guess we don't have much choice now."
Hopefully Phoebe would forgive him. As the Luna she would bear the brunt of the chaos and discontent that the young alphas might cause. Then again...her discipline was not something to be taken lightly. Maybe she was just the wolf to bring them to heel.
###Chapter 58
Jason stirred lazily. He reached for the warm body that was always close only to find he was alone in the bed. Groaning he sat up shivering with a note of panic. Phoebe was nowhere in sight though he scent was still strong. Where? The mindlink opened and he felt her amusement fluttered through his mind. No doubt she sensed his panic and was now soothing him...but also teasing him. Jason growled but the open link only vibrated with her laughter. "I'm in the kitchen," Phoebe's voice flitted into his mind."
You better hurry or Luke will get your share of the pancakes."
Jason lurched up with a growl he was certain could be heard throughout the floor. He hurried to the bathroom to relieve himself and splash water on his face as he shook away the last of his drowsiness. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Ever since hearing about the meals he shared with Phoebe Luke and Ben begged to taste her cooking too. Their own mates didn't have much skill in the kitchen and they themselves were walking disasters. To say they were jealous was putting it mildly... they were desperate.
A few weeks after her Luna Ceremony they all woke to the most delicious smells. Entering the kitchen they found Phoebe humming over three different pans making scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon and even a peach cobbler for all of them to enjoy. Ben and Luke were practically in ecstasy. If one expected Mona and Lucille to be jealous they were sorely mistaken. The she wolves helped themselves to second and third servings.
Since then Phoebe made at least one meal a week: either breakfast or dinner, for them to enjoy together. Jason certainly didn't mind indulging in his mate's cooking but he didn't want her overworking herself either. Quickly pulling on a pair of sweats and a tee-shirt he headed to the kitchen. There he found Phoebe humming over a cast iron griddle flipping pancakes.
"Daddy!" Emma squealed hopping off her seat at the table to run toward him.
Jason scooped her up nuzzling her and earning giggles as his stubble tickled her cheek. He carried her back to the table and situated her in her booster seat before tussling Blake's hair earning a growl. Jason chuckled.
Over the last few weeks Blake had not just gotten comfortable around his new family but he was beginning to gain confidence. He no longer feared abandonment and regularly challenged Jason as a growing boy should. Even in their play group in the pack daycare he was beginning to display dominance as one would expect of a high-ranking wolf. Jason wrapped his arms around Phoebe and buried his nose in the nape of her neck with a satisfied growl.
"Jason," Phoebe chuckled. "I'm trying to cook."
"I'd prefer you to stay in bed until I wake up," he mumbled."
I hate waking up alone."
"When I stay in bed you usually want to do other things besides sleep."
"And?"
"Jason..." Phoebe laughed.
"Really you two? In the kitchen?"
Jason growled raising his head and looking over at his sister. Lucille had the worst timing. She smirked as she claimed the orange juice and joined the pups at the table.
Jason tightened his embrace around Phoebe before she turned and handed him two plates with pancakes and bacon.
He stole a kiss before taking the plates and delivering them to the pups. Jason cut up the pancakes for Emma. Blake insisted on doing his own. He took his seat just as Phoebe delivered the first tray piled high for the adults. Lucille immediately speared several beating Jason by a second and earning a warning growl. Emma and Blake giggled at their silliness.
Moments later Norah, Mona, Luke and Ben emerged. The latter two practically raced each other to the table. Norah and Mona both shook their heads at their behavior. Phoebe just laughed before changing out the spent platters for fresh ones.
She helped the pups with seconds and would have kept puttering around if Jason didn't pull her into his lap where he had a heaping pile waiting for her. Phoebe gave him a disgruntled look but stroked his cheek before kissing him and tucking into her meal. Jason held her close nuzzling her while she ate. Nothing gave him and his wolf more pleasure than taking care of her.
"You two are so cute together," Mona chuckled. "Who would have thought our big scary Alpha was such a softy?"
Jason frowned but there was no fire in his gaze. In truth when Mona first arrived she had been terrified of her new Alpha. Back then he suffered from bouts of depression because he was unable to find his mate followed by almost frenzied dominance fueled by frustration. Not wanting to hurt the pack members that relied on him Jason spent his time training and patrolling his borders where he could take his anger out and protect his pack.
In the beginning she was afraid to even be in the same room as Jason without Luke present. It wasn't until early one morning she went searching for Luke in the office only to walk in on Jason, half-naked, attempting to administer his own first aid. He was covered in cuts and one rather deep s***h that should have been stitched.
***
"... am so sorry!" Mona squeaked hurriedly stepping back so she could close the door.
"Don't... stay."
It wasn't a command. In fact it almost seemed to be pleading for her company. She slowly eased back into the room.
"Please, close the door. I don't want to scare them."
"Them?"
"The pups and omegas. They won't like seeing their Alpha covered in blood."
"...w-why don't you go to the hospital?" Mona fidgeted in front of the door.
"I don't want to worry them and I know they would tell Luke and Ben."
"Tell them what?"
"That I've been out all night hunting...again."
"All night? Again? When's the last time you slept?*
"Three days."
"Three days!" Mona exclaimed surprised by the harshness in her own voice. "You haven't slept for three days?"
"Can't. The bed is too big. It's too...empty," Jason's shoulders sagged as he fought to control his chuming emotions. Lobo whined in the back of his mind equally distressed. +25 Points
Biting her lip Mona stepped forward taking the bandage he was trying to wrap around his own arm. He held still letting her wrap his injury for him as meek as a pup.
For the first time Mona was able to see her Alpha without fear. She saw him for what he was: a broken wolf unable to find its missing piece, his mate. The one person who would be able to share his burden, who would hold him when he had to fall apart and give him courage when he found himself lacking; the one who would know his pain, his insecurities, his weaknesses. Without that person he was slowly drowning.
***
With the truth finally unveiled Mona no longer feared him.
How could she when she pitied him? But now...
Mona smiled as Jason tucked his nose close to Phoebe's neck breathing in her scent while she ate. He smiled more in the last few weeks then he had the entirety of his life. His depression was only a memory as was his frustration and anger. Jason was relaxed, happy.
It wasn't just Phoebe who him tamed. Blake and Emma also had their hands on the reins. No matter what he was doing the moment either ran up to him he forgot everything else and focused only on them. There was no hesitation or reserve despite the fact they were not related by blood and Mona finally understood the strange request Luke made before they marked each other. It had been the right decision even if it had hurt.
Jason suddenly growled his eyes glazing over. Luke and Ben froze mid-bite as their eyes also dulled. They leapt to their feet and raced to the door. Jason was slower as he stood holding Phoebe close.
"Stay inside. No outings today"
Kissing his temple he spun on his heels and hurried after his Beta and Gamma. Phoebe watched him go her heart suddenly racing. "Where's daddy going?" Emma asked
"He has some important business to take care of," Phoebe answered before anyone else did. "He'll be back as soon as he finishes up."
Emma nodded and went back to her breakfast. Blake watched them curiously but also returned to his breakfast.
This wasn't the first time Jason and the others rushed out the door and it was becoming more frequent as rogues tested the borders. Once the situation was under control the rogue remains would be transported to Mona's research facility and the real work continued but none of that was spoken allowed as it was considered classified information.
"Phoebe," Jason's voice suddenly intruded. *The young
Alpha Erick should arrive today. I hate to ask but could you entertain him until this is settled?"
*Of course. Just focus on coming home. I don't like to sleep in that big bed alone anymore than you do."
"Always."
###Chapter 59
"Careful with that! You oaf!" a young man yelled as the Blue Moon warrior dropped his bags inside the foyer.
The young male was quite bold considering he was barely twenty and the warrior in question outweighed him by over a hundred pounds and several inches taller. To his credit the warrior simply glared at the young pup when he could have easily rolled his head. "Is this how Blue Moon treats its guests?" "Greetings, young Alpha Erick, Phoebe stepped forward giving the warrior an apologetic nod.
The warrior bowed deeply baring his neck in reverence to his Luna. Then he turned and retreated outside leaving the young alpha in her hands.
Turning back to their guest she said, "Welcome to Blue Moon."
"And who are you supposed to be?" he sneered looking her up and down. Though not full-grown, he was quite a bit taller than her.
"I'm the Luna," Phoebe said keeping her voice neutral as Máni snorted in disgust.
"You're the Luna?" he snapped in surprise.
Phoebe nodded, "You may call me Luna or Luna Phoebe.
Either is acceptable."
"And you can call me Alpha," he smirked
"I think not."
"What?" he was clearly surprised by her answer.
"A pack can only have one alpha," Phoebe explained. "My mate is the Blue Moon's Alpha. You are a guest, that is all."
"You can't talk to me like that."
"Oh yes, I can," Phoebe said with a small smile. "And I just did."
"I guess that explains the carelessness of the help," Erick sneered.
"Don is not a porter. He happens to be one of Blue Moon's top warriors," Phoebe said. "Given he may be assisting in your training it would be wise not to test him too much before you face him in the arena." "He can't hurt me."
"I wouldn't be too sure about that," Phoebe said. "But we have excellent healers so you will be returned to your pack unharmed."
She let her warning sink in before she gestured for him to follow.
"It's nearly noon so you are probably hungry. Or would you prefer to freshen up."
"Food is fine."
Phoebe nodded noting his more subdued nature. She linked the maid to take his suitcases to his assigned room as she escorted him into the dining hall. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. While breakfast and dinner were more extravagant affairs lunch was served buffet style over the course of several hours allowing pack members to eat whenever it was convenient.
"Here we are, Erick," Phoebe indicated the buffet table. "You can come back for as many servings as you wish."
"I'm expected to serve myself?"
"Only if you wish to eat," Phoebe said.
"Mommy!"
She turned and smiled as the daycare entered the dining hall for their lunch. Emma and Blake chuckled helping them serve up their plates before directing them to a table.
The rest of the kids quickly followed with their own plates.
Phoebe and their chaperones kept busy settling them in before getting their own plates.
Once everyone was settled Blake and Emma happily chatted about their day. A number of kids wanted to know when they could venture outside again. Only a month ago she had a new playset installed on the pack grounds. It had no less than seven different slides, three bridges, monkey bars and numerous climbing walls. There were ten swings and three tire swings as well as a climbing dome.
Phoebe fretted she couldn't give them an answer but promised it would be soon. Normally the pups would be taken outside several times a day to play. For now the packhouse was on lockdown with only the warriors allowed to freely move about. Because of this the lunch room was more crowded than usual as many pack members were forbidden from their usual duties.
"Watch what you are doing you miserable wench!"
Phoebe stiffened her gaze immediately settling on their guest as he stood over an omega server.
"m s-s-sorry," the server stuttered shuffling back
"S-s-sorry?" he mocked loosening his belt. "Oh, you will be."
"You will do no such thing," Phoebe's voice rang out over the hall as her aura suddenly filled the room.
Conversation immediately halted as the pack members bared their necks in difference to their Luna. It had been weeks since any of them incited the Luna's anger and they certainly didn't want to be the one that incurred it now. Erick turned ready to snap at her until the weight of her aura settled over him. It was all he could do to keep his legs from buckling.
He looked to see Phoebe's eyes shining silver. Despite her petite frame her aura made it seem as if she was towering over him. As much as he wanted to shrug it off and assert his dominance his wolf whimpered keeping its tail tucked between its legs. "You will not raise a hand or your voice at any pack member. You have no authority here," Phoebe spoke low Máni's voice seeping into hers. "And since your parents failed to teach you basic manners I'll do so on their behalf.
Since you don't appreciate the work of others you will not enjoy the fruits of their labor. For as long as you are here no one will feed you and no one will clean up after you nor do your laundry."
Phoebe turned away placing a gentle arm around the weeping omega and whispered encouraging words as she escorted her away.
"Y-you can't do that," Erick managed to say.
"I am Luna and this is my pack, little alpha. I assure you, I can." Phoebe glanced at him. "Your room in on the third floor, left from the elevator and three doors down. Enjoy your stay with us."
***
Phoebe sat watching the pups as they ate their dinner. It had been a long day and tensions were still running high as the warriors remained on alert. Pack members who normally lived away from the packhouse elected to stay as they were still in lockdown leading to a rather full house.
Jason had not said anything else through the link and she did not want to distract him by being nosy.
"There are my babies," a deep voice said pulling Phoebe from her gloom.
She jerked to attention to see Jason approach. He wore a new pair of sweats and tee-shirt. His hair was still damp indicating he had taken a quick shower to wash away the day's labors. Bending down he kissed the tops of Emma and Blake's head before embracing Phoebe who stood. Jason bowed his head nibbling her neck and breathing in her scent.
Ever since the patrols first sent out the alert protecting Phoebe and the pups was the only thing on his mind. They did not let any of the rogues live although one had a radio collar they previously tagged it with almost six month ago.
All of the rogues had been taken to the research labs and patrols doubled. Jason was not satisfied until every inch of the border was checked. Ben and Luke finally prevailed on him to return to the packhouse. His presence would reassure the pack and his Luna would calm him.
"How has it been?" Jason asked resting his forehead against hers.
"Oh, just a little drama from our guest."
"Drama?" Jason repeated.
"Alpha Jason!"
He turned to see a young man marching toward him. He had sandy blonde hair and a clean-shaved face though it was more likely he hadn't yet managed to grow any facial hair in his young life. If the man would smile he would be quite handsome but right now his expression was twisted in a scowl.
"Erick, I take it," Jason said feeling the young man's aura precede him. Though it had no effect it was considered rude not to control one's aura when on another alpha's territory.
"I have a complaint! This she wolf here has insulted me and ridiculed me! What are you going to do about it?"
"What happened?" Jason asked.
"He was rude when he arrived," Phoebe said. "He deliberately tripped Sonya and then tried to punish her for an accident he caused. Since he is lacking manners he is being taught a lesson in how to appreciate others." "See, she admits it! So what are you going to do about it?"
Erick snarled.
Jason growled warning startling the young alpha. He couldn't tell if the pup was just that arrogant or that stupid,
"Nothing."
"N-nothing?"
"My Luna can do whatever she wants," Jason smiled turning his attention back to Phoebe. "Let's eat. I'm starved.
W
He directed her back to the table as a server brought out a heaping plate and set it down in his usual spot. Jason slid into the seat pulling Phoebe into his lap. Kissing her he nodded to the plate.
"Eat up."
"But that's yours," Phoebe protested. "And I've already eaten."
"I saw your plate. It was still half full. Eat. I'll finish what you don't."
"Jason..." Phoebe stifled a protest as he nibbled her ear. His chest rumbled with a growl.
"Eat, my angel," Jason whispered.
. "You know you should."
Phoebe sighed knowing there was no use arguing. Picking up the fork she speared some asparagus. She wasn't sure how much she would have to eat to appease him but he was right about her leaving half her plate. She had been so anxious she barely had an appetite. Now that he was back with her the smell of dinner was stimulating her hunger.
Cutting up the roast she ate another mouthful before offering the next to him.
He gave her a somewhat annoyed glance but would never refuse being fed by her. His mother and sister chuckled but it was easy enough to ignore with his Luna safe in his arms. For the first time all day Lobo relaxed with a sigh of satisfaction. The peaceful moment was interrupted with a harsh growl.
Jason raised an eyebrow glancing at the young alpha he already dismissed. Lobo gave an irritated huff more annoyed that their time with their Luna was being interrupted than the young pup's challenge.
Though Jason hadn't said a word the young man took a step back feeling the weight of his aura press down on him. Jason could almost give him credit for not baring his neck in submission but at the moment he didn't want to give the young alpha any points. "W-what am I supposed to eat?" Erick finally stammered.
"You can eat whatever you decide to make for yourself," Phoebe answered. "The kitchen is right over there. You can help yourself."
"I don't cook," he snorted.
"You can at least make a sandwich, can't you?" Phoebe chastised. "Since you are here you are free to take one of our cooking classes. Even an alpha should learn to make a few things for himself."
"Why?"
"Don't you think it would be nice to treat your mate to a home-cooked meal every now and again?" Phoebe asked."
I know whenever Jason makes something it's quite enjoyable."
"He cooks?" Erick snorted and earned a growl.
"Daddy makes spaghetti!" Emma happily declared.
"I know a few things," Jason said. "I'm nowhere near as talented as my Luna but I do love to provide for her."
Phoebe smiled pecking him on the lips.
"Or you can apologize to the staff," Phoebe turned her attention back to the young alpha.
"Me? Apologize to an omega?"
"If not. I suggest you get used to sandwiches."
Erick hesitated expecting Jason to interject but Jason's attention returned fully to Phoebe as she continued to feed him. With a scowl he finally stormed off to the kitchen.
###Chapter 60
"He's going to be trouble," Lucille commented at Luke and Ben finally joined them.
"Who's trouble?" Ben asked
"That young alpha from Kansas," Lucille shook her head. "
And the other one hasn't even arrived yet."
Luke punched Ben's shoulder, "Told you so."
Before Ben could answer a shriek suddenly sounded from the kitchen followed by a loud crash and a shout, "What the hell is this?!"
Phoebe's skin prickled and Máni urgently pressed forward, 'We have to go! Now!'
Phoebe stood and moved toward the kitchen only for Jason to grasp her hand, "Angel?"
"It's fine," she assured him.
Jason's brow furrowed and he moved to join her.
"Jason, please. It's fine. There's no danger,* Phoebe assured him. There is no danger, right?
"Not for us."
"Jason, it's all right," Phoebe repeated.
Reluctantly he let her go as another crash echoed from the kitchen. Phoebe gave him a quick kiss before hurrying to the kitchen. She didn't want to appear panicked but Máni was pacing in her mind and it was causing her anxiety to rise. Stepping into the kitchen she saw Shannon huddled in the corner while Erick towered over her using an arm to fling a stack of freshly washed pans on the floor while the other omegas watched in terror unable to stop it.
"Enough!" Phoebe snapped letting her aura fill the room.
The omega staff immediately calmed. Shannon whimpered but she did straighten as Phoebe approached her. Quickly embracing the omega Phoebe gently rubbed her shoulder. Shannon shuddered sniffling, clinging to her soothing presence. "This is your fault," Erick snarled.
"What is my fault, precisely?" Phoebe glared at him.
"You did something. There is no way this worthless omega is my mate!"
Phoebe raised an eyebrow, "Shannon, is this true?"
Sniffling the omega nodded unable to look at the alpha who was supposed to love her. Phoebe sighed, kissing her forehead in comfort and let her aura surround Shannon in love and protection. She had a bad feeling she knew where this was going. "Then this is a special day, Erick," Phoebe looked at him giving him one last chance.
"It's not easy for an alpha to
find their fated mate. This is a day to be celebrated."
"Celebrated? Are you kidding? There is no way I could have an omega for my Luna!" Erick sneered.
Shannon whimpered
"Then what are you going to do?" Phoebe asked her eyes shimmering.
"1, Erick Anderson, future Alpha of Cedar Creek, reject...you what is your name?"
Shannon hesitated, whimpering
"It's all right," Phoebe whispered in her ear. "I'm here. I'll help."
'Sh-Shannon Richards."
"I, Erick Anderson, future Alpha of Cedar Creek reject Shannon Richards as my mate and Luna!" Erick growled.
Shannon cried out her legs buckling as the bond severed but Phoebe's embrace kept her on her feet. Erick suddenly fell to his knees doubling over as pain ripped through his body. He knelt on the floor shaking as his wolf howled, writhing "W-what is happening?" Erick moaned.
"You just rejected the Goddess's gift, young alpha," Phoebe said, Máni's voice seeping into hers. "Surely you did not think there would be no consequences."
He glared at her but there was something uncanny about her shimmering silver gaze. Erick could practically feel her wolf lording over him, teeth bared. But he heard Blue Moon's Luna had no wolf: Were the rumors wrong?
"You have condemned yourself and your wolf to an incomplete life," Phoebe said. "Even in death you will never be whole. May the Goddess have mercy on your soul in the next life."
Erick whimpered as her words sunk in.
"Come on Shannon," Phoebe gently urged. "I'll stay with you."
Phoebe guided her out of the kitchen and to the omegas' dormitory. Though the rooms were not nearly as large and extravagant as those for high ranking pack members there was still a stateliness about them. They were on the smaller side and lacked a private bathroom but there was still plenty of room for them to be comfortable. Phoebe helped Shannon into the room but by the time they arrived it was clear her strength was nearly spent.
Máni, how can we help her? Phoebe asked.
When it came to rejections the one of lower rank often bore the brunt of the burden. Máni shielded Shannon from as much of it as possible but there was no protecting her from the emptiness now ripping her soul apart. "Have her shift! Shift?"
'Yes. Contact with me may help sooth her!
"You mean, let her see you?' Phoebe asked.
Since the moonlit run had been aborted because of Graham Phoebe had yet to shift in front of anyone.
Between their individual duties and the increase in rogue attacks they hadn't been able to make time to spend together and let their wolves meet. If felt wrong to allow someone else to see Mani before him but this was an emergency.
'Yes. Contact with another wolf will help sooth hers,' Máni said. I may also be able to help the bond severe completely and spare her some pain.
'But will she even be able to shift in this condition?'
We can help her with a nudge of our aura!
'All right, Phoebe finally agreed. "Shannon, I need you to shift for me."
"H can't."
"Yes. You can. I promise."
'I need to know her wolf's name.'
"What's your wolf's name?"
...Sif."
"Okay, let's get undressed. We don't want to have to clean up."
Phoebe chuckled and earned a ghost of a smile. Shannon shivered as Phoebe helped her shed her clothing before she followed suit. Helping her to the floor Phoebe let Máni speak through her.
"Sif, it's all right. Come out. I'm here. You are not alone." Shannon whimpered but her eyes swirled as her wolf reluctantly came forward drawn by its Luna's aura. Máni forced her aura out even more creating a safe place and lending her strength to the omega. Shuddering Shannon bristled with fur and her bones snapped reshaping her body until a little, tan wolf lay in front of Phoebe. She reached out patting the exhausted wolf's head before stepping back and dropping to all fours.
Their shift was much smoother than Shannon's. In fact Phoebe had often thought her shifts were a bit different from others, not that she had seen many, but it did seem to be easier for her. Was it because she and her wolf were so in sync?
Exhausted Sif slowly caught her breath. A warm tongue licked her nose. Looking up she found herself staring at a beautiful, silver wolf. The wolf's fur shimmered in the moonlight streaming in from the window and it studied her with bewitching blue silver eyes. Kindness, love and strength radiated from it as it bowed its head and nuzzled her like a mother comforting a pup.
It circled her, moving gracefully before laying beside her. It lay its head over hers emanating warmth and safety into her. Sif laid her head down letting herself give into exhaustion. Máni sighed "Phoebe? Phoebe, where are you? What happened?"
Jason's voice intruded causing Sif to shiver as her sleep was disturbed.
"I'm fine, Jason," Phoebe replied. "Shannon was Erick's mate and he rejected her. I have to stay with her for now."
"I understand. But where are you?"
"Shannon's room. Once I know she's okay I'll find you. Can you please take care of the pups?"
"As if you have to ask. I'll take care of our pups. You focus on Shannon."
"Thank you. I love you."
"I love you, angel."
The link closed and Phoebe turned her attention back to a restless Sif. They settled next to her letting their aura cocoon the young omega. Máni blinked sleepily and dosed as the night wore on.
***
Sif wandered aimlessly through the dark, mist-filled wood. Shadows loomed around her and nothing looked familiar.
How long had she been wandering to have some this far?
She whimpered, nervous. Something was missing. It felt as if there was a large hole in her chest and she was slowly bleeding out. But there was no wound. She didn't understand. Where should she go?
'It's all right, little pup. You are not alone.'
Turning, she found herself facing a beautiful, silver wolf shimmering in the moonlight. Its other worldly blue-gray eyes were calm and filled with kindness. She would feel this wolf far surpassed her in rank and she shivered wondering if she accidently wandered into its territory.
However the silver wolf didn't seem upset. Its aura was warm and comforting.
Inclining its head in a gesture to follow the silver wolf turned and walked off. When Sif didn't follow it paused and looked back at her. She didn't know why but she was drawn to this wolf. Sif felt safe and so hesitantly stepped forward.
The silver wolf led her deeper into the woods but it didn't seem so scary anymore. Eventually they came to a stream where they paused to drink. Sif was beginning to feel more comfortable but she still felt as if something was missing. She needed to find it, somehow.
A smell suddenly filled her nose: chocolate and cherries. It made her mouth water. Sniffing the wind she hesitantly stepped into the water.
"Go on," the silver wolf told her. 'He's waiting for you.'
"Who?"
'Your Mate.'
... But, Sif shuddered. The woods grew darker as she remembered. 'My Mate.didn't want me.
'Is that so? What did he smell like?'
'Chocolate and...orange?' Sif tried to recall.
'And did it make your mouth water?"
Well...not like this...but why would I get a second chance?
I'm nobody special.'
'Little pup, you are special to the Goddess. She loves all her children. Go on. Go see what is out there. He's been waiting for you for a long time.'
Sif hesitated then crossed the stream and hurried into the woods chasing the scent that wafted between the trees.
She suddenly found herself at the edge of a clearing. There she found a wolf with a reddish brown coat drinking from a small pond.
He seemed on edge as if unsure of his surroundings.
Suddenly his head shot up sensing he was being watched.
He turned spotting her and immediately snarled baring his teeth. Sif whimpered, cowering. Was the silver wolf wrong?
This wolf wasn't waiting for her. He didn't want her either.
He was just like her first mate. He would reject her too.
As he stalked toward her she slowly backed into the wood.
Maybe she could lose him in the trees. She knew she wouldn't be able to survive another rejection. He was only a few feet away when the wind changed.
Suddenly he froze and all sign of hostility vanished. His ears came forward as his nose twitched taking in her scent.
A voice she hadn't heard before slipped into her mind.
'Mate?'
Sif whimpered taking another hesitant step back. Just a few more and she would run. As if sensing her intent the auburn wolf whined, begging her to stay. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. He fell onto his belly, wagging his tail trying to look less intimidating. Sif hesitated. Did he really want her to stay? She slowly eased out of her crouch but her tail remained tucked between her legs.
He seemed distressed by her fear and crawled forward dragging his belly on the ground in an effort to be less threatening. Sif dropped her head in submission and whimpered hoping to appease him but this only seemed to confuse him. Coming closer he finally stood and gently licked her nose, rubbing his face against hers.
'Mate.'
He moved alongside her rubbing his cheek along her body coating her in his scent.
'Mate.
Sif trembled with pleasure as his scent mingled with hers.
Hesitantly she wagged her tail as he came around in front of her again playfully nipping her nose. He flopped on his belly again in an invitation to play. Sif hesitantly yapped finally stepping out of the woods. He seemed as excited as a puppy, prancing around her enticing her to romp with him. The pair was soon leaping around the meadow, rolling in the grass and wildflowers oblivious to anything else.
From the trees the silver wolf watched with a satisfied gleam in its eyes. With a nod it turned and trotted off into the woods. The mist seemed to grow thicker as it went. The trees faded into obscurity but still it trotted along unafraid as the world around it faded to nothing.
###Chapter 61
Phoebe woke with a start still in her wolf form. Raising her head she yawned and looked down at the young woman huddled in her fur. Shannon had returned to her human form but a pleasant smile indicated she was having a good dream. "Máni?"
'Yes?' Máni's voice seemed oddly distant.
'Was that a dream?'
'More like three dreams. Ours, hers and his.
'His?'
'Shannon's Mate.'
'So that wolf was real?'
'Of course, he's real. I can't make a wolf appear out of thin air.'
'But who is he? Where is he?'
I don't know. I've never smelled him before and I didn't feel a link so it's safe to assume he's not from our pack. But he is close. Maybe he's from a neighboring pack?'
'But how do we find him?'
We don't, Máni said
'But Shannon.
Is strong. And now that she feels the connection to her second chance Mate she'll be able to let go of her old bond much easier, Máni said. 'It is not for us to interfere in the natural order.'
Phoebe was silent, ...Still, I didn't know we could enter another's dream like that.
Neither did / and I'm pretty sure this was a special case because of Shannon's rejection.
'That does make sense, Phoebe agreed as they nuzzled the sleeping girl. I wish we could take away all her pain!
'Pain helps us grow.
I wish growing wasn't so hard.
'Ditto. We should let her rest now. I think she'll sleep the rest of the night.'
They carefully extracted themselves from the omega.
Shaking away any lingering cramps she shifted back to her human form and quickly dressed. Staying so long in her wolf form wasn't easy given how little she shifted over the years. But if Máni was now willing to shift in front of others perhaps they could do it more often. It would be nice to go for a run and explore the pack territory, preferably with Jason. She desperately wanted their wolves to meet.
With a sigh she looked at Shannon curled up on the floor, naked and asleep. They couldn't leave her like this. Shed catch a chill for certain. Approaching the bed Phoebe pulled back the covers before turning to the task of how to get the sleeping omega into bed. Kneeling Phoebe slung one of Shannon's arms over her shoulder and slowly stood. The young omega was petite but dead weight in her arms as she dragged her to bed.
Phoebe nearly ended up in bed with her but eventually got her safely under the covers. As she tucked in the sleeping woman she couldn't help but be grateful the omega was as petite as she was.
You should also be grateful for the strength training our Mate has been making you do."
Phoebe took a final look at Shannon. Her face was peaceful indicating her dream must be good. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. At least it seemed she wouldn't suffer from the insomnia Phoebe endured after her rejection but time would tell. Quietly letting herself out of the room she opened a link to the head of the kitchen, "Myra?"
"Yes, Luna," came the immediate answer. Phoebe thought the link felt active but it was strange she didn't detect any signs of drowsiness through it.
"Are you still awake?"
"I've been worried about Shannon and I figured you would want to talk."
Phoebe smiled. It seemed the pack was getting used to her ways rather quickly, "Shannon is asleep. I don't think she'll have nightmares tonight. I'd like to give her a couple days off but working might give her something else to focus on
*I see what you mean. Yes. If Shannon wants to keep working I will make sure to give her some light duty so she doesn't overdo it and I'll let her sleep late tomorrow too.
"Sounds good. Thank you," Phoebe sighed making her way to the omega's elevator rather than try to make her way through the dining hall. "If anything happens contact me immediately."
"Of course, good night, Luna."
"Good night."
"And Luna...thank you."
"You don't have to thank me for this. This is why I am here."
Riding the elevator up Phoebe exited near the landing leading to the Alpha floor. It was a handy short cut.
"Halt. Oh, sorry, Luna."
Phoebe paused smiling at the guard. Since the Luna Ceremony the staff elevator proved too good of a short cut and now it was monitored much more closely to prevent any repeats of the previous incident.
"That's all right. Thank you for keeping watch. Everyone else already turn in?"
"Yes. It's quite late, Luna. Sleep well."
"Thank you." Phoebe nodded and headed up the last fight of stairs.
Making her way down the hall she paused to peek in on Emma and Blake. The pups were sound asleep and dreaming peacefully. When they first arrived at Blue Moon the pups always needed her to tuck them in. Gradually they became more comfortable and trusting of their adoptive family. Now even Jason could tuck them in without issue.
Blake didn't stir in the slightest and she moved on to his sister. Phoebe sniffed Emma's blanket catching Jason's telltale scent and wondered how many bedtime stories the pup cajoled him into telling. She smiled giving Emma a kiss before departing. Phoebe made her way to her bedroom to find Jason sprawled on the bed. Unlike the pups his sleep seemed restless no doubt because she wasn't with him.
Phoebe headed to the bathroom for her nightly preparation.
Brushing her teeth and twisting her hair to tame it before bed. Shedding her clothes she pulled on a pair of silk pajamas smirking at the thought that it was the same pajamas she wore when Jason first spent a night with her.
After her rejection Phoebe hadn't bought many things for herself and it wasn't just about saving money for the pups.
Her own mate thought she was worthless so was there any point in dressing up? It was Bridget who finally convinced her that it was okay to treat herself now and again. With that thought in mind Phoebe purchased silky pajamas instead of flannel. They were light, cool and incredibly comfortable even with a werewolf's higher body temperature.
Since arriving at Blue Moon she still enjoyed the feeling of silk against her skin, not that she had much chance to wear them given Jason's insatiable hunger. Even thinking about it made her blush but given the way she responded to him she could hardly claim any better. With a sigh she returned to the bedroom and made her way to the bed
There she found Jason lying on his back. His brow was furrowed by a troubled dream. Phoebe sat beside him studying his pensive expression. In all the time she had been there she never knew him to have bad dreams. Was it because he had gone to bed without her?
Phoebe couldn't help but think so. She noticed she slept much more soundly when he was with her so perhaps it was the same for him. Leaning forward she smoothed his hair from his forehead and kissed him. He responded almost instantly. His lips worked against hers slowly dominating them, his eyes opened and his arms pulled her close.
"Phoebe," Jason sighed, nuzzling her. "How's Shannon?"
"Sleeping," Phoebe answered resting her head on his shoulder and letting his scent sooth her. "I don't think she'll have nightmares tonight."
"That's a thing?"
"After a rejection? Yes."
"Did you?"
"I mostly had insomnia. I went days without sleeping, and when I finally did, I was usually too exhausted to dream."
His embrace tightened and he kissed her head
"It's hard to describe just how much a rejection plays with your mind."
Jason growled pulling her into bed. Phoebe let out a startled shout as he quickly tucked her under the covers and held her close. Nuzzling her, his chest rumbled with a growl that was almost like a purr, soothing her to sleep. "...Jason."
"Sleep Phoebe," Jason urged. "Tonight just sleep. You've done enough."
Phoebe chuckled but she didn't argue. His warmth seeped into her soothing sore muscles and aches while his aura settled her mind and lulled it to sleep. She sighed reveling in the feeling of being safe and loved.
"I love you, Jason, she muttered.
"I love you," he answered kissing her forehead. "Now sleep."
###Chapter 62
"Why do I have to do this?" Erick scowled as Luke led him to the gym.
There, several warriors were stretching and beginning their warm-up exercises. Today's training focused on grappling and close quarter techniques so it paid to be limber.
"You came to train," Luke said. "So you'll train. You seem to have plenty of energy to make an annoyance of yourself so you should have plenty for this too."
Erick growled, "You can't talk to me like that. You're just a Beta."
Luke smirked, "If you want to challenge me you're welcome to try to take my place though I'll warn you challenges are to the death."
"Why would I want to be a beta when I'm an alpha?"
"If you'd rather challenge Jason that's up to you," Luke shrugged.
"Where is he anyway?" Erick demanded. "He should be the one escorting me."
"Well, as an Alpha you should know all about handing off undesirable tasks to others."
Erick scowled. Luke was not intimidated in the slightest. It was clear the young wolf placed far too much stock in titles. Not all alphas were equal and neither were betas. In fact there were quite a few betas capable of holding their own against alphas... and he was one of them.
"If you want to complain, Jason is right over there," Luke nodded.
Erick's gaze followed the gesture to see Jason in the corner on a sparring matt. But it was his opponent that shocked the young alpha speechless. Jason wore only shorts as he slowly circled Phoebe who was in workout pants and a sports bra. Embracing her from behind Jason gripped her wrists as he instructed her how to break the hold and escape.
"What is he doing?" Erick scoffed
"In her former pack our Luna was too low ranked to warrant training but when she came here she asked for some defensive training." "Low rank? She was an omega?"
"No, just one of the many unranked members that make up the majority of packs," Luke said. "Our Alpha's lucky to have her for his Luna." "Lucky?" Erick snorted. "How is that lucky?"
"Because finding a caring, intelligent Luna is not as easy as you think it should be," Luke said. "Our Luna isn't afraid to admit her weaknesses and is always eager to learn new She inspires others. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. We've had several she wolves from all ranks express the desire for training, so we've started special self-defense and strength training courses for them. They all want to follow Luna's example." Erick frowned, his gaze drifting back to the alpha pair. He watched as Jason stole a kiss, nipping her neck and making her laugh. Despite the distraction she managed to break the hold. Turning she shook her head at her mate's audacity even as he pulled her back into his embrace.
Jason kissed her letting his hands caress her before they moved on to the next hold. Both seemed to be thoroughly enjoying themselves.
Erick looked at the warriors expecting them to be disgusted their Alpha was distracted. However they seemed quite happy, stealing glances at the pair and trading smiles.
None of them was upset their Luna came from a low rank even though their pack held such a long history. How could Blue Moon be satisfied with such a Luna? Then again...
He shuddered with the memory of the weight of her aura.
How could a low-ranking wolf have such an aura? Even his mother who was beta-born didn't have that kind of influence. Just who was this she-wolf?
***
"Luna."
Phoebe paused, turning as the head of the housekeeping staff approached. She had only just returned from her training session, her hair still damp from her shower but it was important for the pack to get back into its routine after yesterday's emergency. "Gloria?" Phoebe prompted the middle age she wolf who had started as a maid herself before rising up the staff ranks.
"About Alpha Erick's room. Janet peeked into it and its a disaster. He tore the bedspread to shreds and broken just about everything not nailed down."
Phoebe sighed. It probably shouldn't be a surprise given recent events. She hadn't spared him much thought since she concerned herself with helping Shannon. No doubt Erick and his wolf were suffering from a huge disconnection after rejecting their mate. The fact his wolf desperately wanted its mate no doubt fueling his rage.
"If he wants to live in a pig-sty there is not much we can do," Phoebe shook her head.
"But..."
"I know. It's difficult to leave it, but he must either clean it up himself or apologize for how he treated all of you. I won't compromise just because it's easier." "Yes Luna."
"Don't worry. None of you will be held accountable. I've already spoken to Jason and he agrees."
Gloria nodded feeling relieved. It wouldn't be the first time a visiting alpha made outrageous demands and claims.
Knowing their Alpha and Luna supported the pack members gave them all comfort and confidence. It was also why the pack had such deep abiding loyalty. "Leave his room as is for now. We'll see if training helps cool him down."
"Yes Luna," Gloria bowed before departing.
Phoebe hoped the assurance there would be no punishment for neglecting their duties would ease the staff's worries. There really was nothing else they could do.
"Luna, we are nearly there.
"I'll meet you at the door."
With a sigh Phoebe headed to the front door to meet their next arrival. She only hoped this alpha was easier to handle. Just as she reached the foyer the warrior escort led in a young man. He was slim in build indicating his youth.
Once he matured and his frame filled out he would come close to rivaling Ben and Luke in stature, maybe even Jason. His auburn hair was curly softening his face and heightening his youthful appearance. He had only one bag, a duffle he carried over his shoulder. "Here you are, alpha," the warrior gave a courteous nod.
"Thanks," he returned the gesture and reached out to shake hands before the warrior departed.
It was already clear to Phoebe this young alpha was cut from a different cloth as she stepped forward, "Greetings.
You must be Gideon. Welcome to Blue Moon. I am Luna Phoebe."
He turned to her his eyes wide in surprise before nodding respectfully, "Oh wow. Hi. My dad said Alpha Jason met his mate. It's nice to meet you."
"It's good to meet you," Phoebe smiled. "Would you like to see your room or would you like a tour first?"
"Could the tour start with the kitchen?" Gideon sheepishly asked. "The airline food was kind of terrible."
Phoebe chuckled, "It's a little early for lunch but let's see what we can scrounge from the kitchen. Mable, can you take our guest's bags to his room?"
A young omega dusting nearby immediately stepped forward, "Of course. Your room is on the third floor, to the left. Second door, alpha."
"Thank you," he smiled earning a blush from her.
He followed Phoebe to the kitchen where Myra and the other staff was busy preparing the lunch dishes. Feeling their Luna's presence brought the staff to a halt, curious about their guest. "Luna."
"I know it's a little early but our recent arrival could use a little something to tide him over," Phoebe explained. "Myra, young alpha Gideon. Gideon, Myra is the head of the kitchen staff."
"Nice to meet you," Gideon shook her hand much to Myra's surprise.
"So what can we get you?" Myra asked giving the young male a fond smile.
"Anything is fine," Gideon said. "Even a sandwich."
"Now don't you worry," Myra chuckled, pleased with his politeness. "We have plenty and no one goes hungry in my kitchen. Just wait a moment."
"Here are the potatoes," Shannon announced stepping into the kitchen from the pantry before dropping the crate she was carrying.
The crash caused everyone to look at her. She was pale and Phoebe had been told she was subdued from her normally bubbly personality, which was to be expected.
However the look on her face was not merely surprise, but actual terror.
Beside Phoebe, Gideon stiffened. His mouth fell open as he stared at the omega. A tantalizing smell filled his flared nostrils, "Mate."
Phoebe jerked to attention and even Máni perked up, Well, that's unexpected.
'Did you know?' Phoebe asked.
I said he was close, Máni huffed
Phoebe couldn't believe it. She never heard of a wolf meeting their second chance mate so soon. She had gone five years and Lily over two. But there had to be a reason the Goddess meant this f?r Shannon. Looking again at the young omega she saw Shannon's face was still contorted in fear and confusion. Gideon reached for her and hesitated as she backed away.
It was clear he was confused by her fear. There was a pained, longing look in his gaze. Phoebe recognized that look. It was the same one Jason gave her when she asked if he was going to reject her. Phoebe moved forward slipping an arm around Shannon before she could bolt and held her steady.
"Luna, I can't. I can't be rejected again," Shannon whimpered in her mind.
"Shh. You don't know that about him," Phoebe replied before looking at their guest. "You'll have to pardon us, Gideon. She was rejected by her first mate. He didn't want her because she was an omega and she thinks you'll do the same." "...'m her second chance?" he asked.
Phoebe nodded as Shannon shuddered, coming close to hyperventilating. Gideon suddenly closed the distance no doubt spurred by his wolf. His arms encircled Shannon taking over for Phoebe's support as he held her close.
"Breathe," he whispered gently stroking her hair. "Breathe... ah..."
"Shannon," Phoebe said, stepping back as he took over, comforting her.
"Shannon," Gideon sighed savoring the name. "Breathe, Shannon. Breathe."
Her breathe slowly evened out the bond soothing her as much as his words. Gideon bowed his head brushing his lips against her forehead.
"I don't know who you're first mate is, but he's an idiot."
... But I'm just... I'm not..."
"Not what? The most beautiful wolf I've ever seen?"
She blushed at his praise before saying,
"I'm just an
omega. I can't be Luna."
"Who says?" Gideon snorted cupping her chin and brushing away her tears with his thumb. "My mother was an omega before she met my father." "...She was?"
Gideon nodded smiling, "She's going to love you. They both will."
She hesitantly smiled. He dipped his head to peck a kiss on her lips. They had known each other no more than two minutes and yet he felt an unbreakable connection that sent sparks through him wherever their skin touched. When his parents told him about the mate bond he hadn't believed it. There simply wasn't any way for such an immediate connection to be made but it was true. All of what they said was absolutely true. Phoebe cleared her throat, "Perhaps you two would like to sit and talk before the lunch crowd arrives? Myra can bring you out something."
###Chapter 63
Jason sighed making his way to the dining hall finding it more crowded than usual. Ever since the border breech the pack had been lingering over their meals and gatherings despite the fact everything had returned to its usual routine.
Jason understood these moments were necessary for them to feel safe. "Daddy!" Emma happily squealed.
Jason chuckled kissing each pup on the head before pulling Phoebe to her feet only to sit and plant her in his lap. Phoebe rolled her eyes but didn't protest his need to hold her. Intellectually he knew he and his wolf should be settled by now. Yet he continued to cling to her needing to hold her.
Even Lobo couldn't explain why they needed to keep her close but he felt they should keep her within sight at all times. It made Jason nervous to think some threat hovered around her but all he could do was hold her.
"So how was the tour?" Jason asked. He hadn't wanted to make her meet their second young guest after the last one but meeting Mona to discuss the rogues took longer than he thought. "Actually, we haven't gone on one yet."
"Is he late?" Jason frowned. He was certain the border patrol said their guest had arrived.
"No. He arrived on time," Phoebe nodded to a small table in the corner where Gideon sat with his arm around Shannon quietly talking with her. They hadn't moved in over two hours and it seemed he was slowly gaining her trust.
Shannon smiled as he leaned close to nuzzle her.
"Isn't that...Shannon?" Jason asked.
Phoebe nodded, "Gideon is her second chance mate."
Jason's brow shot upward, "What are the chances of that?" Phoebe shook her head. She couldn't begin to calculate that and even Máni was at a loss to explain. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The fact Shannon would be mated to one of the young alphas was remarkable but the fact the other would be her second chance made it astronomical. Phoebe had linked Mona to ask her but she had been too busy with Jason and Luke at the time.
"It seems this one is much nicer," Jason said looking at the young couple.
"Yes." Phoebe nodded, smiling. "It's strange for her to meet her second chance so soon, but I'm glad she didn't have to wait as long as I did."
His embrace tightened and he nuzzled her. Phoebe stroked his cheek savoring the tingles that traveled up her arm. Her eyes shimmered silver as she smiled.
"I'm so happy you found me when you did. I just wish it had been sooner."
"Me too," Jason smiled with a note of regret. All that time was wasted when she was waiting for him. He rubbed noses with her knowing he would never let another moment pass. "WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!"
The dining hall suddenly fell silent as all eyes turned to the door where Erick stood. He still wore his workout clothing and was covered in a layer of sweat. His hunger had driven him to the dining hall without showering. Though all eyes were on him his were only on
one. "You w***e!"
He growled rushing toward where Shannon sat. She whimpered trying to shrink down even as Gideon stood and moved to shield her.
"Back off, Erick," he snarled. "And don't you ever address my mate like that again?"
"Your mate!" Erick growled. "She's mine!"
"Was," Phoebe corrected, approaching them. "You rejected her, remember?"
"He's the one who rejected Shannon?" Gideon scoffed. "I should have known."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Erick growled.
"Only that you never understood the value of anything. It's always bigger, better, faster with you. All you care about is flaunting your title. You never bothered with anything that was actually genuine." "Genuine? What about you and Harper?"
"I told you there was nothing between us. We were never mates and I never touched her!"
"You calling my sister a liar?"
"Yes, that is exactly what I'm calling her."
"Oh really? Well let's settle this right now, shall we?"
"NO! You will not," Phoebe snapped her aura washing over them snapping both of them to attention. "You will not tear apart this dining hall or packhouse. If you want to test each other's testosterone you will do so in the gym." "You can't tell me what to do"" Erick snarled struggling against the weight of her aura and clearly surprised by her authority.
He raised his hand to lash out only to have it gripped tightly as another aura crushed down on his shoulders. Startled, Erick looked to see Jason standing over him, growling warning. Not even his father's aura hit him so hard.
"I know you weren't just threatening my Luna, pup." Erick shivered.
"I will remind you, you are a guest. You have no authority and I have zero patience for childish antics," Jason warned before yanking the young alpha and forcing him to sit at another table. "You will sit. You will be quiet. And you will eat last."
His command rolled over the young man, causing Erick to stiffen, but he couldn't fight it. Jason waited to see if he would manage to defy him. When he didn't he turned away and returned to his seat.
"Gideon," Phoebe stirred the other from his stupor. "Your mate needs you."
Gideon blinked, then looked to Shannon, who had gone deathly pale and was fighting sobs as she shook uncontrollably. He sat down beside her quickly pulling her close. Gideon stroked her hair whispering endearments and begging for her to calm down. Phoebe watched them a moment before returning to her seat.
"That was...dramatic," Jason sighed.
"And it's not over," Phoebe leaned against him.
"What do you mean?"
"What do you think is going to happen when Gideon claims Shannon and completes the bond?"
Jason grunted, glancing at Erick, who, despite the alpha command keeping him in his seat, kept trying to glare at the young couple. Finally, he asked, "You think he'll go feral? He didn't even want Shannon."
"Graham didn't want me," Phoebe reminded and yet after five years he still came to hunt her down.
Jason growled softly but he saw her point. His gaze slid back to the young alpha. If there was going to be trouble he would have to increase the packhouse guards. He looked over at the young couple. There was no doubt in his mind they would complete the mating bond and soon.
***
"So...l guess you need to talk to the Alpha," Shannon said as they lingered over their empty plates. Lunch had wrapped up some time ago and most of the pack left to return to their duties yet they continued to sit. Mercifully even Erick had wandered off finally. "Hmm..." Gideon softly hummed nuzzling her and sniffing as he held her against his chest.
His fingers trailed tingles down her arm. Despite reminding him he had duties to attend to he continued to hold and caress her. Her wolf certainly wasn't helping. Sif remained practically comatose in their mates arms. "Pardon me."
Shannon jolted upright looking up at Phoebe who stood beside the table with an amused expression. Beside her Gideon huffed with annoyance that they had been interrupted. "Y-yes Luna."
"I was hoping you could do something for me."
"Of course, yes. Anything you need" Shannon blushed as Gideon growled.
"Well, I haven't taken our guest on a tour of the packhouse yet and I just remembered 1 need to speak to Mona this afternoon so I hoped you would be willing to show him around in my place," Phoebe said watching the young alpha's reaction as he realized he would spend the entire afternoon with his mate.
"R-really? But I'm... Is that really okay?" Shannon asked. She was just an omega and leading an alpha around seemed an important task. "You've lived here your whole life. You probably know more about it than I do," Phoebe smiled. "And as long as our guest doesn't mind..."
"I don't," Gideon assured her startling Shannon with his eagerness. "I mean, that sounds good to me."
"Okay, good. Then it's settled. I'll catch up with you at dinner," Phoebe nodded giving him a wink. "Thank you, Shannon. It'll be a big help."
"S-sure," Shannon blushed under Phoebes knowing gaze. It wasn't that she didn't want to spend time with Gideon. She was anxious. What did an omega say to an alpha? "So... um...Alpha..."
"Gideon," he cut her off. "With you it's just Gideon."
"But I'm...An omega can't call an alpha by his name."
"You're my mate," he leaned close kissing her. "You can call me anything you want. But let's start with my name, eh?"
She blushed but nodded, "Okay. Um..Gideon?"
He flashed a dazzling grin.
"So, um, let's start on the first floor," Shannon stood, and he quickly followed suit, entwining his fingers with hers.
Hand-in-hand she led him out of the dining hall and towards the rec rooms.
Phoebe watched them with a smile before opening a link, " Mona? Are you busy?"
"For you Luna, never," Mona chuckled. "I am in the middle of something in the lab if you don't mind coming to me."
"Not at all. I'll be there soon."
Phoebe headed out through the kitchen and stepped outside. She hadn't gone more than two steps before a member of her personal guard fell in line behind her. As long as she stayed in the packhouse she hardly ever spotted them but as soon as she stepped outside she had a shadow. It never failed.
She walked along a well-worn trail leading her toward the pack hospital. Passing it she continued down a slightly lesser used path. It split, one trail heading toward the prison and the other leading her to a different facility. This one had much higher security and was off-limits to most of the pack. Luckily as Luna she had access. Entering a code and placing a hand on a palm reader she waited until the door clicked and allowed her access.
Her body guard followed her down the hall on the other side. She nodded to the personnel manning the front desk but didn't stop. Reaching the next door Phoebe paused at the lock: this one a retinal scanner. She hated this one as did Máni who had to withdraw. If her eyes shined silver at all they would fail and cause a lockdown. The door opened and Phoebe stepped inside.
This time her guard didn't follow. Instead he headed to where she assumed the security rooms were located. She was now in the most secured area of the building. If there was a breach the facility would lockdown around her.
###Chapter 64
Phoebe walked down the hallway passing various labs before reaching the one she wanted. There she found Mona at the desk preparing samples of some sort for the sequencing machine. Phoebe didn't know what any of the equipment was for and didn't bother "Hello Luna," Mona greeted.
asking.
"Hello," Phoebe sighed sinking into a seat.
"So what can I do you for?"
"What are you doing?" Phoebe asked, her curiosity getting the best of her.
"Processing blood, tissue, hair and saliva samples from the rogues. I'm trying to isolate where they came from."
"Any results?"
"For this batch, no," Mona sighed. "But if it follows the pattern of previous attacks...then most of these wolves probably started off some fifteen hundred miles from here."
"Really?" Phoebe asked looking at the map Mona had on the computer screen.
It was filled with small red dots. Each dot represented a wolf whose full origins might always be a mystery. What they knew about the rogues relied mostly on the results of Mona's tests.
"Yep. Rogues don't usually travel that far."
"They don't?"
"No. From our previous study using radio collars we know most rogues tend to stick to a territory about fifty to a hundred miles in diameter. They very rarely leave."
"Why did these ones travel so far?"
"Good question. Unfortunately, I don't have a definite answer," Mona sighed. "Most rogues set up their territories bordering a pack territory. How or why we don't know. They usually stay in the same area unless driven out either by pack wolves chasing them off, fire, or some other natural disaster." "Why do they set up a territory at all?"
"A question for the ages," Mona sighed. "Personally I think they are following their instincts. Wolves usually set up a home territory after all. But as for why they set one up close to packs...maybe it's a homing instinct? The need to be in a pack, safety in numbers?" "Maybe a homing instinct?" Phoebe added.
"Like they are trying to return home?" Mona asked. "Maybe.
Until we have a more conclusive DNA database for werewolves we probably won't know for sure."
There were many questions about rogues and hardly any answers. As far as she knew the studies they conducted on rogues were the only ones being done. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. With rogues on the rise it was important to understand just what drove them to go feral. However, by the time that happened, they were already too far gone to ask.
Phoebe stared at the map deep in thought.
"Something catches your attention, Luna?" Mona asked.
"It's just...it seems a lot of rogues came from near Rimrock."
"You're old pack?" Mona asked looking at the map.
Interesting."
"But I don't recall our alpha ever banishing someone,"
Phoebe frowned. Banishing was a last resort as the chances of such wolves going feral and becoming problem rogues were too great.
"Well, fur samples can only tell us where they were recently,
"Mona said. "They might have traveled even further."
"But why come here? Blue Moon hasn't banished anyone, have they?"
"No. Never. Not for the last three or four alphas certainly.
Blue Moon is very good at keeping records and I have yet to see anything about banishments, though it's a long history.
"Then why?"
"I don't know. It's almost like..."
"Like what?"
"Like they are being drawn in."
Phoebe gave her a confused look.
"Jason is a powerful alpha and Blue Moon is a large pack," Mona shrugged. "We have applications to join almost daily.
Sort of like how she-wolves cling to alphas."
Mona smirked as Phoebe gave her a waning look.
"It's a females instinct to seek out the strongest male for a mate," Mona explained. "It's probably a holdover from our Lycan ancestors. I have a friend who's an archeologist with the New Moon pack. According to her Lycans didn't have fated mates. They could take any for a mate, even multiple ones. It led to some gruesome infighting. Maybe that's why the Goddess gave us fated mates."
Though Mona's theory seemed outrageous Phoebe felt Máni nodding in agreement. Perhaps it wasn't off the mark at all.
"Then what about rejections?" Phoebe asked.
"Well, rejecting our fated mate goes against the Goddess's plan but we do have free will so the choice is ours."
"Then how do you explain two alphas being mated to the same she-wolf?"
"Are you talking about our guests?"
Phoebe nodded. Since this morning the pack's link had been buzzing as the members discussed Shannon's strange fortunes. It didn't seem to have reached the young omega yet. Turning the computer Mona called up a different database,
"What packs were they from again?"
"Cedar Creek and Fall Leaf,, Phoebe said
"The alpha who rejected her is from Cedar Creek, right?" Mona asked for confirmation. "According to my research his parents are chosen mates. The other one, his parents are fated mates." "What does that mean?"
"Well, it's consistent with a theory I've been working on," Mona said. "My theory is that rejections weaken the pack bond. Alphas are stronger with a mate, everyone knows that and Lunas make pack bonds stronger. My theory is fated Lunas make them stronger than chosen ones and those bonds continue through the generations."
"Meaning if the alpha keeps his fated mate then his offspring are more likely to keep their fated mates?"
"Right. And each generation that maintains the pattern strengthens the pack bonds. That's why the ancient packs have so much influence. They have centuries of fated pairings that keep their bonds strong. If newer packs truly want to grow their influence then they should always keep their fated mates. Of course, the reverse is also true. Pups born of chosen mates may have a weaker link to their fated bond making it more likely they will reject them."
Phoebe frowned. Compared to her theory about Lycans this one seemed more outlandish. Did it really work like that?
"Alpha Jason and Alpha Reed both had parents who were fated mates."
"What about Katrina?" Phoebe asked. "Weren't her parents fated?"
"Actually, no. Alpha Thomas lost his fated mate to a rogue attack. He was so despondent he couldn't bear waiting for a possible second chance and took another as a chosen mate, Katrina's mother. And she died in childbirth."
"But Graham's parents," Phoebe hesitated thinking back to her previous alpha.
Actually, she didn't remember if they had been fated or not.
Come to think of it...it might have been an arranged match for a pack alliance. She recalled walking in on a conversation her parents were having and they clammed up quick when they noticed her. Phoebe couldn't recall the conversation now but she did remember it had something to with the alpha.
"So...it's all connected," Phoebe said after a moment." Fated and chosen mates, rejections, pack bonds. It all leads back to each other."
"That's my theory," Mona nodded. "That isn't to say the pattern can't be broken. Accepting one's fated mate can set a pack on course in only a couple of generations, just as taking a chosen mate can derail it. That's why we were so anxious about Jason. He waited so long to find you... many alphas wouldn't."
Phoebe blushed:
"I suppose that's why Luke was so insistent we waited."
"Waited for what?"
"Pups," Mona sighed.
Phoebe blinked and waited for her to continue.
"We've been mated over five years," Mona said, "I'm sure you've noticed our lack of progeny."
"I did," Phoebe nodded. "I didn't think it was my place to ask."
"Well, don't tell Jason because I'm sure he'd feel guilty, but when Luke and I were preparing to complete the bond he had a request," Mona said. "He wanted to wait for pups. It seems he and Ben had an agreement. They would hold off on having pups until Jason had one." "Really?"
"They were worried about him considering the trouble he was having finding his mate. They thought if they started having families it would push Jason over the edge. Lucille didn't mind waiting but...it was not an easy thing for me to agree to." "I had no idea," Phoebe shook her head.
"No one does. It's just between Ben and Lucille and me and Luke. Like I said, don't tell Jason," Mona said.
Phoebe nodded, "But how have you handled your heat cycles?"
"We took a page out of the human's text book. Condoms," Mona chuckled.
Phoebe echoed her laughter. Pups were considered a blessing from the Moon Goddess so forms of contraception were generally unheard of among werewolves. She-wolves were only fertile during their heat cycles so it was largely unnecessary anyway.
Phoebe suddenly frowned, that was one thing she was nervous about. Until a she-wolf was mated and marked their heat cycles were short, barely lasting a day, and only mildly uncomfortable. After they were mated and, especially after she was marked, it would last three or more days. She would be consumed with pain and hot flashes.
The symptoms would only ease with her mates presence and touch, not to mention intercourse. Phoebe was already blushing at the mere thought. How was she going to actually handle it?
Mona chuckled, "Don't worry. Once your heat starts thinking will be the last thing you're going to worry about.
Now that Jason has found you...Luke and I can finally start planning for ours."
She blushed lightly. It was clear Mona was looking forward to pups of her own. Phoebe was sorry she waited so long but grateful they had been considerate of Jason. But Mona was right. He would feel guilty if he knew his Beta and Gamma waited to have pups until he found his mate. He didn't know how lucky he was to have such good friends... or maybe he did.
###Chapter 65
"So, um, what is going on with you and Alpha Erick?" Shannon hesitantly asked glancing at the table where the other young alpha sat scowling at them. practically brothers."
Gideon growled looking at his rival before taking her hand and kissing it. Erick sneered at the gesture but Gideon didn't care. Shannon was his mate and Erick had no claim over her anymore. With a sigh he said, "Believe it or not, we used to be friends, best friends, "And you're not now?"
Gideon shook his head.
"What happened?"
"A bunch of stuff. Stupid stuff. And one big one."
"What?"
"His sister," Gideon snarled in disgust. "She was friends with mine. I guess she was sweet on me, I don't know. I certainly never had any feelings for her. She cornered me at a party our packs were throwing and said we should be mates. She wanted me to mark her right there. I refused."
"You did?"
"Well yeah. My parents were fated mates and...that's all I ever wanted. I didn't want anyone else." Shannon blushed
"Anyway, I refused and all of a sudden she screamed and doubled over as if in pain. And when everyone was gathered around she said I tried to force her to accept my rejection. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. That's when it all blew up. Erick tried to punch me out for rejecting his sister even though I told them it was all a lie," Gideon sighed. "Our packs used to be really close and suddenly battle lines were drawn. Her parents wanted me banished or force me to take her for a mate even though I kept telling them she wasn't my fated mated."
Shannon squeezed his hand in comfort.
"My parents refused but, I could tell even they didn't believe me. Once I tell them I found you though they'll have to believe me."
"And they won't be disappointed?"
"No. I told you my mother was an omega. They won't mind at all."
Shannon nervously fidgeted as he drew her closer, nuzzling her. She blushed embarrassed by the attention but happy too. Her wolf was practically swooning. They lingered over dinner as they had over lunch and the hall was mostly empty when they finally stirred. "So, um. suppose you should head to bed. Um, you probably have alpha things to do tomorrow," Shannon finally said.
Gideon sighed. That was right he had come here to learn how to be a good alpha from one of the most influential Alphas in the world. He had been excited about it even after he learned Erick was doing the same. But now...now he could only think about his mate. "I can show you to your room," Shannon said.
"Actually, I'd like to see yours," Gideon said after a moment.
"Mine?"
"My mom..her pack didn't treat her well. They made her sleep in a closet. She said it was like a jail...but you...Blue Moon wouldn't treat you like that right? They didn't, you weren't..."
"Oh, no!" Shannon shook her head. "Of course not."
"..just want to be sure."
"Well, okay. I guess that is all right," Shannon hesitated.
She supposed there was no harm in showing him.
She never brought a male to her room before so Shannon was hesitant to lead him down the hall to the omega dorms. Stepping inside she turned on the light and gestured to the small room beyond. Gideon stepped in after her and his presence filled the space making it seemed even smaller.
The room was about as large as a college dorm room, perhaps a little bigger with a full-sized bed, end table, desk and chair dominating it. A television was perched in the corned and there was a decent-size closet and plenty of shelving. "What about a bath?" he asked seeing as there was no en-suite.
"Oh, that's down the hall," Shannon indicated. "It has bathroom and shower stalls and even a bathtub."
He nodded. It was consistent with what his pack offered in amenities for omegas. Gideon breathed a relieved sigh.
Blue Moon certainly lived up to its reputation and he was glad it treated even its lower-ranking members with consideration. After hearing his mother's stories he knew that wasn't always the case.
"So...um. I suppose I should show you to your room," Shannon said feeling awkward the longer they lingered in her small space.
"Actually," Gideon turned pulling her into his embrace. "I'd rather stay here with you."
"With me?"
"Or you can stay in my room with me" Gideon shrugged.
"But...l can't. You're..
"We're mates. Mates usually stay together."
"But," Shannon hesitated.
Her wolf was whimpering wanting their mate to stay and Shannon had to admit she wanted him too. She only got through her first night with the Luna's help and she doubted she could get through this night alone. "Do you want me to go?" Gideon asked
"No! 1-I don't. I just...I don't..." Shannon was at a lost to explain her experience.
She never thought of herself as particularly pretty and no one took much notice of her. The only male who spoke to her was her first mate and that was to reject her. What was she even supposed to do?
Gideon's arm came around her and he held her close
Shannon relaxed slowly enjoying his gentle caresses and scent. Her fears melted away when he was close. It just felt right being in his arms.
"We don't have to do anything," Gideon whispered. "If you're willing we can take it one step at a time and see where it leads."
"One step at a time?" Shannon asked.
"Hmm. And this is step one," Gideon tilted her chin up capturing her mouth in a long, lingering kiss that had her body buzzing for more.
***
Jason stirred from blissful slumber. Beside him Phoebe remained asleep, her warm body pressed against his. He sighed nuzzling her wondering what had awakened him. In all the time she had been at Blue Moon he never had a restless night. And yet something pulled him from sleep.
'Is something wrong?' Jason lazily wondered
'Trouble, Lobo instantly replied
'Where?' Jason tensed but he didn't sense any danger nearby.
"Alpha."
"Yes? What is it?"
"We have an issue on the third floor. You should probably get down here."
Jason sighed, "I'm on my way."
He extricated himself from Phoebe careful not to disturb her. He thought he succeeded until she stirred, "Jason?"
"Shh," Jason leaned over her nuzzling her. "Sleep Phoebe.
Everything is all right."
She sighed snuggling into her pillow. Jason smiled savoring how comfortable she looked. He wanted nothing more than to curl up beside her but he had a duty to perform. With a sigh he rolled away and out of the bed. He went to the bathroom to splash water on his face before locating a pair of sweatpants and pulling them on.
Glancing once more at the bed he saw Phoebe had turned to snuggle into his pillow and smiled as he slipped out of the room.
Reaching the third floor Lobo suddenly came alert with a warning growl. It didn't take long to find the trouble as five of his warriors surrounded a mottled gray wolf. One of them had tackled the wolf in the hallway and held it down as it snapped and snarled at them.
"Who do we have here?" Jason demanded as he approached.
"We think he came from there," one of the warriors nodded to a door hanging off its hinges.
Jason glanced into the room beyond to see everything was torn to shreds. Curtains, bedspread, and even the rug were strewn about while the furniture was splintered into little pieces and barely recognizable.
"Do we know whose room?" Jason sniffed the air. It definitely wasn't a pack wolf, which meant...
"We're pretty sure it's our visitor from Kansas," Chaz said."
This is his room."
Jason sighed. It was just as Phoebe warned, "Check the other guest room. What about our other visitor?"
"I checked. It's empty," Chaz said. "As far as I can tell he's never been in there. Should I organize a search?"
"No. I have a good idea where he is" Jason said. It was no secret the other young alpha found his mate. If he wasn't in his room he was in hers, which was the problem. "If he's claimed his mate it explains why this one has gone feral."
Chaz nodded. The pack was practically buzzing with the soap opera drama enfolding among them. Jason rubbed his temple. He could do without any of it.
"Doc?"
"Yes, Alpha?" Doctor Helen answered more quickly than he anticipated. Perhaps she was working a night shift.
"We are going to need tranquilizers on the third floor."
"How much?"
"The patient is an alpha, so it'll have to be pretty big."
"On it."
"Kind of a mess, isn't it?" Chaz asked as Jason frowned at their guest trying to free itself from the warrior holding it down.
"Very. I'm pretty sure this is not what their fathers had in mind when they sent their sons here," Jason answered.
The doctor arrived a few minutes later carrying a dart gun and a small bag. Seeing the situation she didn't say a word, kneeling and taking out a prepared dart. She loaded it into the gun and approached carefully before taking aim and shooting the feral wolf in its haunches. Helen stepped back waiting for it to take effect.
"Is one going to be enough?" Chaz asked.
Helen nodded, "Should do. It's laced with wolfsbane so once it takes effect..."
She fell silent as the feral wolf quieted. It let out a whimper before suddenly succumbing. His fur receded and his body morphed back to his human form in the slowest transformation they ever witnessed. They all breathed a sigh of relief when the young alpha finally lay in front of them.
"That was-interesting," Chaz remarked. "How long will he be out?"
"I'm not sure," Helen sighed. "It depends. If I shot our Alpha with this concoction he would only be out for an hour, if that."
Jason raised an eyebrow at her candor, "Really?"
"Yes, but then you come from an ancient bloodline and you are mated to your Goddess-given Luna," Helen nodded. " Our guest here is young and he rejected his fated mate so I'd estimate hell be out for several hours. Now whether he wakes up before his wolf is another matter."
"You mean to say his wolf could wake up first and go on another rampage?" Chaz asked.
"Yes. It is possible since it's already gone feral, though you should ask Mona. She's the one who's studying this."
"Right," Jason said. "All right, take him to the prison and put him in one of the holding cells."
"The prison? Really?" Chaz asked. "Not the hospital?"
"We don't have much choice. Those are the only secure rooms we have," Jason shook his head. "And we can't risk him getting loose and going on a rampage."
There were two cells in the minimum security wing that were set up like hospital rooms. They would allow the young alpha to rest comfortably even if he was restrained.
And if he broke his restraints the silver bars would prevent his escape and keep him from endangering the rest of the pack.
"Right," Chaz agreed and nodded to two of the warriors who slung their guest between them.
"Doc, keep him sedated," Jason said. "Let's keep him comfortable and calm until his parents get here."
"You're going to call them in?" Chaz asked.
"No choice. He's their heir and future pack leader," Jason shook his head. "He's rejected his mate so his family is the strongest bond he has. There is a lot more going on with these packs than they let on."
The doctor and warrior nodded in agreement. They certainly didn't envy their Alpha the conversations he was going to have.
###Chapter 66
Henry Anderson stepped out of the vehicle with a disgruntled sigh. His daughter climbed out after him. She was a pretty she wolf with new highlights and curls in her brunette hair. She was probably the only one excited for this trip. In the vehicle behind them Conri emerged.
Sullivan
"Conri."
"Henry."
The alphas nodded to each other. Their packs had been long-time allies but recent events had strained the relationship. Everything was conducted in purely business fashion and they no longer associated with each other.
"Where's Ava?" Harper asked looking for her long-time best friend. She had not been able to meet with the other she wolf since their packs dissolved their alliance.
"She stayed home with her mother," Conri said. "to help with the pup."
Henry nodded. That was right. Conri and Aine had recent welcomed a new edition to their pack. In the past they would have all celebrated together but they weren't on friendly terms anymore.
"Right this way," their escorts directed them inside and to the Alpha's office.
They entered expecting to see their sons in trouble for some infringement but surprisingly only Jason and his
Beta were present to greet them.
"Have a seat," Jason nodded to them finishing some paperwork.
They each took one of the chairs in front of the desk leaving Harper standing behind her father. She coyly smiled at Jason and Luke but neither paid her mind. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The silence persisted making the visiting alphas more anxious to learn what their sons had done. Jason had been rather terse. He said there was an issue needing their immediate attention. Since he refused to say more over the phone they had no choice but to comply with the summons.
A knock announced the arrival of another and they stiffened. However, the petite she-wolf with gray eyes certainly wasn't what they expected. She gave them a nod before circling the desk to join Jason. He smiled welcoming her kiss before turning his attention to their guests.
"Mona is one her way," Phoebe informed.
"Thank you, angel," Jason sighed. "I want answers, gentlemen. I have a feeling you left out quite a bit in your applications to have your sons study here. So...out with it."
"I'm not.." Henry hesitated.
Conri shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
"Neither of you wants to explain how your sons ended up with the same fated mate?"
Both jerked to attention sharing perplexed looks before Henry spoke, "That's impossible. His son already rejected his fated mate!"
Jason raised a brow glancing at Phoebe who gave a small shake of her head. She sensed no prior connections in either of the young alphas. Not to mention, if Gideon rejected his mate he wouldn't have been given another.
"And just who is the alleged mate he rejected?" Phoebe asked earning a growl from Henry.
Jason's aura suddenly slammed down on him, " Threatening my Luna is not wise. You only get one warning."
"Your Luna?" Henry stuttered looking at Phoebe again.
Her gray eyes shimmered as his wolf tucked its tail between its legs. A knock interrupted and Luke let Mona in to join them.
"You haven't answered my question," Phoebe said.
"My daughter!" Henry suddenly growled out. "He dared reject my beautiful, little girl! And this one did nothing!"
"I'm just as disappointed as you," Conri said, "but he's my son! I can't just banish him!"
"Your daughter," Phoebe repeated turning her attention to the young she-wolf who nervously stood behind her father.
"Is that so? So how many nights did you and your mate have to stay up with her because she couldn't sleep? How many meals did you force-feed her because she wouldn't eat? How long before you coaxed her wolf out again? Night terrors? Restlessness? Listlessness? Insomnia?" "Excuse me? What are you talking about?" Henry asked.
"I'm talking about the long-term side-effects that all rejected wolves endure," Phoebe said. "It can be months, even years before they recover. But your daughter didn't suffer at all, did she?"
"What are you implying?" Henry asked.
"I'm not implying," Phoebe said. "It's obvious she's a liar."
"You dare call my daughter a liar!" Henry shouted.
Jason's growl ripped through the room as his aura engulfed them and forced the other alpha into his seat, "You were warned."
"Wolves recognize our own," Phoebe calmly said. "My first mate rejected me so I recognize others who were rejected.
But your daughter wasn't, were you?"
"Y-y....no" she whimpered under the weight of Jason's aura. "I wasn't."
The other alphas stared at her in surprise.
"Why would you make that up?" Mona admonished staring at the she-wolf in disapproval. "Such a serious manner should never be taken lightly."
"Ava and I thought it would be so cool if we were mated to each other's brothers. They would be brother alphas and we would be sister lunas."
"So when you turned eighteen and you weren't Gideon's fated mate you tried to get him to take you for one anyway,
"Phoebe said. "When he refused you decided to make it seem like he rejected you. It was all an act."
Harper hesitated tears welling up in her eyes.
"And what did you think would happen after that?" Phoebe asked. "That your fathers would force him to take you for a mate? Instead, they called off their whole alliance. What if your pack was attacked without the strength of that alliance? How many would have been killed or wounded? Is that the kind of decision a Luna makes?" "Now hold on," Henry stood. "My daughter is young. She just made a little mistake."
"A mistake that cost you over a hundred years of trust and brotherhood," Phoebe reminded. "Will either of your packs ever be able to enjoy that kind of solidarity again? A lie that made Conri doubt his own son and might have destroyed their family bonds. How do you plan to mend that?"
Henry fell silent. He had been so enraged by the news his daughter was rejected he hadn't thought about the consequences but they were already suffering from them.
Relations between their packs were strained and their alliance in tatters.
"My son... My son didn't reject his mate?" Conri asked. "He was telling the truth this entire time?"
"And you didn't believe him," Phoebe nodded. "He's found his mate now and he's very devoted and sweet to her...a good thing since he is her second chance mate." "Second chance?"
"Yes. Erick was her first mate but he rejected her the moment he saw her."
"My son would never do that!" Henry snarled.
"He did it right in front of me," Phoebe said. "You would call me a liar?"
Jason growled warning.
"Apparently your children need a better education"" Phoebe continued. "Neither of them know anything about the risks of rejections. And your son is suffering from it now."
"Where is my son?" Henry demanded.
"Follow me," Jason said, standing. "All of you."
Without a word the visitors fell in step behind him as he escorted Phoebe out of the office. Luke and Mona trailed the small group as they left the packhouse and walked to the prison. The guards let them through without a word to the minimum security cell that had been transformed into a secure hospital room.
"What is this!" Henry demanded seeing his son behind silver bars still under heavy sedation as the nurse checked his vitals.
"A necessary precaution," Jason said. "When his mate was claimed by another his wolf went feral. I couldn't very well have him endangering my entire pack."
"Is he... is he going to be okay?" Harper stared at her brother.
"We don't know," Mona answered. "Once a wolf goes feral it's almost impossible to keep them from going rogue.
That's why we called you. Were hoping family bonds will bring him back."
The nurse looked up sensing Jason's aura. He gave her a silent gesture. With a nod she turned down the sedation drip and backed away. The guard opened the gate and allowed them to enter. Henry and Harper hurried to the young alpha's side. "... What about my son?" Conri asked.
"He's still at lunch, I believe," Phoebe said. "Follow me."
Jason gave a subtle nod. He much preferred Phoebe away from this experiment anyway. Conri followed her back to the packhouse and into the dining hall where there was still quite a few lingering over their meals including Gideon and Shannon who had slept in rather late.
Conri sucked in a breath watching his son lovingly nuzzle and hold the young she wolf as if the world would stop if he didn't. It was a scene he never thought he'd see but now realized he should have known better. Gideon had grown up watching his parents' love story unfold. There was simply no way the young alpha would reject his Goddess given mate.
Hesitantly Conri approached the table waiting for his son to notice his presence. When Gideon looked up, he gave a start and was suddenly on his feet, shielding Shannon. Conri winced but supposed his son had every right to be wary. "I'm-I'm sorry, son," Conri said. "We should have believed you. We should have known you'd never reject your mate."
Gideon hesitated glancing at Phoebe as some sort of mediator. She nodded and smiled encouragement.
"Dad, this is Shannon," Gideon finally introduced." Shannon, this is my father and current Alpha, Conri." Nervously she stood, "H-hello, Alpha."
"Please, Conri is fine," Conri said tears welling up in his eyes. "Or even dad. I'm-I'm so glad my son found you."
Shannon hesitated before stepping around Gideon and offering her father-in-law a napkin. Conri accepted the offering before gently cupping her face and earned a soft, protective growl from his son.
"My mate is going to love you," Conri smiled dropping his hand. "And Ava has some explaining to do. If she knew Harper was planning to try to ruin your reputation she has some questions to answer." Gideon grimaced but it was nice to hear his father speak on his behalf again. Phoebe smiled as the trio sat down together. There was a lot for them to discuss and bridges to mend.
"Luna! We need you back here!" Mona suddenly called.
"I'm on my way."
###Chapter 67
Phoebe left their guests quietly talking in the cafeteria. She knew the kitchen staff would keep an eye on them and alert her for any trouble. Shannon was one of their own after all and they were all impressed by Gideon's immediate desire to claim her. Returning to the cells she found Erick had woken up. His eyes practically glowed red as he thrashed trying to break the leather straps that held down his limbs as fur bristled along his arms and back. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Harper cowered from her brother weeping in terror as their father watched in horror as the young alpha partially shifted. The guard was loading a tranquilizer dart and preparing for the moment Jason gave him the go-ahead.
Jason grabbed Phoebe as she approached and held her protectively as he eyed the young alpha. He would have been happier if she remained in the packhouse rather than witness this unfortunate event. "Phoebe" Mona said as her own mate held her tight. "I think you should talk to him."
"Me?"
"Why?" Jason growled.
"Because she's the only one of us who knows what it is like to be rejected...and she has a calming aura. I think he'll listen to you."
'She's right, Máni agreed. We are probably the only ones who can reach him.'
'Are you sure?'
"If not he'll have to be put down like any other rogue.'
'All right. Let's try.
"Phoebe," Jason's embrace tightened when she tried to enter the cell. "Don't..."
"I have to try," Phoebe said. "Or else he'll be put down. I won't get too close. I promise."
Jason gritted his teeth at war with himself. Finally he gave the barest of nods and allowed her to enter. Phoebe approached the bed as near as she dared.
What do we do?'
'Give me control, Máni said. It would be easier if we knew his name.'
You mean Erick?'
I mean his wolfs name, Máni huffed as if it should be obvious. That's who I need to speak with!
Phoebe grimaced.
"It would be better if the moon wasn't waning too."
Phoebe bit her lip. That was right. Werewolves were always strongest on the full moon and weakest during the new moon. While it was true of all wolves Phoebe noticed it was even more pronounced in Máni. Will you be okay?' Phoebe asked.
'Yes. Mate is here. We'll be fine.
'All right.
Phoebe relinquished control allowing her wolf to surge forward. Remarkably they didn't shift and she wasn't sure why. Mani hadn't hesitated to show herself to Shannon.
Yet, even without shifting, their aura spilled out filling the room like a thick fog. Even time seemed to stand still as everyone froze under the spell of their calming presence. 'Calm yourself, pup, Máni spoke through her. Is this any way for an Alpha to act?'
'M-mate, Erick's wolf howled in pain.
'She has already been claimed by another.
'No! Mine!'
Where was this resistance when you rejected her? Why didn't you come forward then? Answer me, pup! Where were you when your sister lied and ruined your friendship? Well? Answer!'
Erick whimpered.
What is done is done. You cannot change the past. You can only learn from it and move forward. 'But...Mate!'
Is lost to you. That void is something you will have to live with.
'But...
You will have to find the strength. You may yet find a partner, but she will never be able to fill that void. You must teach your pups to be better than you. Teach them not to reject the gift they are given. Teach them not to make your mistakes. You can do that, can't you?' ...What if I can't?'
Then your line ends with you. They will have no choice but to put you down. Do you choose life? Or oblivion?'
1...
Phoebe sighed as Máni receded into the back of her mind.
She wobbled and suddenly Jason's arms were around her.
His scent filled her nostrils and she leaned on him welcoming his warmth and support.
'Máni?'
I'm here. Just tired. That took more out of me than expected.
'Are you all right?'
'Yes. I just need to rest.
'All right. Rest.'
"Phoebe, are you all right?" Jason nuzzled her, his voice harsh with concern.
"I'll be fine. I just need some rest," she smiled at him.
He kissed her forehead and tightened his embrace.
Watching from the sidelines had been the most difficult moment of his life. But when her aura spilled out he was in awe. He had no idea it was so strong or how she had ever been able to hide it. Even Lobo was moved to silence. Phoebe looked to the bed to see the young alpha lay in a cold sweat. However he was no longer fighting his wolf for control. Groggily he opened his eyes as tears streamed down his face. "Dad?"
"Erick?" Henry stepped forward. "Are you...How do you feel?
"It hurts so bad and I...I can't feel my wolf. I think he's gone!
"Erick choked out.
"Not gone," Phoebe corrected earning their attention. "He's in mourning. You rejected your fated mate and you will not be given another. There will always be a void within that you won't be able to fill. You, and your wolf, will have to find a way to live with that." Erick whimpered as more tears seeped from his eyes. He never imagined this kind of pain. Was this the pain his sister went through? Why was he punished while Gideon was still given a mate?
"I'm so sorry," Henry shook his head. "I-I should have told you two along time ago about your mother."
"W-what about mom?" Harper asked
"That we weren't fated mates," Henry sighed.
"Dad, we already knew that," Harper shook her head.
"But maybe if you knew the whole story you wouldn't have tried to entrap Gideon and your brother wouldn't have...This is all my fault," Henry shook his head. "I-I was too impatient. I didn't want to wait for my fated mate and your grandfather wouldn't step down until I had my Luna. Your mother was one of my best friends so... we thought our bond was just as good. We chose each other. It was fine... but there was an emptiness inside I couldn't shake. I knew it was because I had given up my fated mate. I tried to ignore it but..." Erick and Harper stared at their father waiting for him to continue.
"When Conri found his mate... The moment I saw her I felt an ache and I knew she was meant to be mine," Henry shook his head. "If I had been a little more patient... If I had gone looking... But it was too late. The Goddess gave her to Conri. And it was clear she felt no connection to me. I had broken our bond without ever meeting her. She would never know it was supposed to be me."
Erick and Harper blinked slowly processing what their father said. They had known their parents were chosen mates but they hadn't thought much about it. But to think their father's mate was meant to be Aine. She had been so close, only a pack away and he hadn't bothered to look for her. Even now he still felt the pain of losing her.
Now that they thought about it their father had always been a bit reserved when their pack and Conri's converged.
And there was often a pained look in his gaze. Was it because he was thinking about what might have been? Did he wonder what it would be like if he had taken Aine as his own?
"So, what's going to happen now?" Harper asked
"First we'll move your brother to the pack hospital," Phoebe announced. "When he's recovered enough for travel, he can go home. But he's rejected his fated mate and he'll not be given another. However, he can still take a chosen mate, one that can help him and be a good Luna though... it will not be the same. And you will have to apologize."
Harper bit her lip.
"Gideon was not your fated mate as much as you wanted him to be and because of your actions the alliance between your packs had been broken."
"Gideon wasn't your fated mate?" Erick asked looking at his sister.
Blushing she shook her head. Erick let out an uneasy breath. So, that was why...
Phoebe nodded to the nurse and guard. Together they released Erick from his restraints before moving the bed out of the cell. Henry and Harper followed each lost in their own thoughts.
"Unbelievable" Mona muttered, shaking her head. "To think the fathers and not just the sons were given the same mate. That's one for the books. And Phoebe what you did... it almost seemed like you were talking to him. What did you say?" "Honestly, I gave my wolf control so I don't remember most of it," Phoebe said.
When Máni took over Phoebe remained in the background and though she had some idea of what was going on she hadn't caught everything. Wolves didn't communicate with each other like their human counterparts so some things were always lost in translation. "That makes sense," Mona nodded. "Still...it was amazing. I never heard of a rogue being brought back once it goes feral. Maybe it was because it was caught early, but still... Wow!"
She suddenly got a thoughtful expression.
"Maybe there is more to rogues. I always thought it was strange they set up territories so close to packs but maybe it's not about going home so much as it was about them being drawn to their mates. That would explain why some travel such great distances too. But how to test the theory..." Mona muttered to herself heading to the exit. No doubt she would go directly back to her lab to research this new information. Luke watched her with a pained expression.
"I hope you realize she'll never come out of that lab again," he complained.
Jason smirked.
"Maybe...but her lab does have a hideaway bed," Phoebe pointed out. "You could always bring her dinner and coax her away from her computer."
Lukes gaze suddenly lit up at her suggestion. Now that was an idea.
"I'll even help you make a special meal for two to surprise her."
"Excuse me?" Jason interrupted.
"Yes!" Luke exclaimed before he could protest. "Thank you, Luna!"
Jason fought back a growl. He supposed he could allow it this time. After all, Luke deserved some private time with his mate. Jason knew his Beta and Gamma had been holding back on starting families out of concern for him. But that was over. There was no need for any of them to hold back any longer.
###Chapter 68
Phoebe breathed deep as Jason helped her out of the limo.
Despite his assurances she couldn't shake her anxiety. She was about to meet the royal family. Never in her wildest dreams had she ever entertained that thought. Even if she and become Rimrock's Luna there was almost no chance that she would stand in front of royalty. Phoebe was anxious, but Máni was unimpressed. For the past week her wolf had been restless and easily annoyed especially whenever talk about the royal family dominated the conversation which had been quiet often.
Norah had painstakingly instructed Phoebe in how to properly meet and greet them. Though the royal family needed to be respected as Blue Moon's Luna Phoebe didn't need to pander to them. She should be dignified and friendly but not overly accommodating. Why?' Máni huffed. We owe them nothing!
Despite her internal conflict Phoebe continued her projects for the pack but the strain was beginning to tell and she knew Jason felt it too. He was as loving as ever coaxing her to relax. It was only in those moments her wolf forgot its hostility and succumbed to their mate's charms.
"Everything all right?" Jason asked.
"Just nervous."
"You have no reason to be, angel."
'Damn straight, Máni seconded. They're the ones who should be nervous.
"You okay?" Lucille asked as she and Ben joined them.
"Yeah, my wolf is restless," Phoebe said.
They stood outside an impressive mansion. It was the royal's seat of power though it was more like an embassy than a capitol. In Europe the royal family possessed an actual castle though even Jason hadn't seen it.
It had been home to the royal family for centuries. In contrast the mansion in front of them was much more recent. After Blue Moon, Harvest Moon, and Blood Moon immigrated to the Americas, the royals' authority waned considerably. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They relocated as well but their presence here was lukewarm at best. Summoning important pack alphas to attend events such as this one was about the extent of their power though they were desperate to hide it.
A few days ago Jason, Phoebe and their escort had flown in to prepare for the upcoming party. It was clear Jason had very little actual desire to be there. Though they were welcome to stay in the royal mansion they couldn't bring in their security detail a fact that certainly irritated Jason whose primary concern was always his Luna's safety.
Instead Blue Moon maintained a small estate nearby staffed by their pack members.
Phoebe thought it was a little overboard until Ben informed her that most packs did the same thing. No alpha willingly relinquished their authority to the King. Máni agreed wholeheartedly.
Since Jason couldn't bring an escort he insisted on Lucille and Ben accompanying them much to his sister's annoyance. All week, she complained about playing nice with the princess, referring to her as the royal pain. Phoebe made the mistake of asking her why she didn't like her only once.
"She's a stuck-up, whiny b***h," Lucille practically snarled when asked. "And she had the most irritating voice. Lucy why don't you speak to your brother? I know you can convince him to take me for his mate. Yeah right! As if I would ever want to be family with her!" So the Princess was yet another she wolf with eyes on her mate. The knowledge didn't really faze Phoebe in the slightest. Between Kristie, Katrina, Camilla, even young Tracy the list seemed never-ending but fending off the princess sounded like a greater challenge. 'She lays one finger on our Mate we will rip her hand off, Máni growled.
Phoebe took a deep breath threading her arm through Jason's as they headed to the door. A guard stood there to greet them with a list of packs invited.
"Names?"
"Alpha Jason, Blue Moon," Jason replied. "My sister Lucille and her mate Gamma Ben and, of course, my Luna, Phoebe."
The guard looked bored as he checked them off the list until Jason announced his Luna. His head shot up to stare at Phoebe like she was Chicken Little and just declared the sky was falling. Her gaze shimmered silver at the guard's obvious shock. 'He ain't seen nothing yet!' Máni chuckled.
"G-go right in," the guard finally nodded.
"Well, if that is the look at the door, I can't wait until we get inside," Lucille chuckled.
Jason stifled a growl.
"Oh, come on brother. We should have some fun with this!! I can't wait for that snob to meet Phoebe. It's going to be a show!"
Jason's grip tightened protectively making Phoebe chuckle.
Maybe it came with being an alpha but he always assumed the worst. It would certainly be easier if these she wolves would leave her mate alone.
Walking down the hall, they ignored the royal guards they passed and made their way to the center of the mansion, where it opened into a wide courtyard. They stepped outside the doors and down steps into an area open to the night sky. As with any werewolf function this birthday was held under the moon and stars. Phoebe looked up with a frown. The night was rather overcast and she hoped it wouldn't rain.
She glanced around to see quite a few guests had arrived before them and were mingling in the absence of their hosts. Phoebe didn't know why but it seemed strange to her. Even if the royal family intended to make formal introductions later shouldn't at least one of them be there to greet their guests?
"If you are wondering where the royal family is, don't,"
Lucille shook her head. "They'll make their grand entrance a little before midnight when all the guests have arrived.
Until then we can do whatever."
Phoebe nodded. A server met them offering champagne and earned a snarl from Jason. Baring his neck the server quickly departed. "Jason."
"A little advice," Ben said before Phoebe could protest.
"
They only serve drinks with aconite and strong ones at that. I don't advise accepting any."
Phoebe frowned. She knew werewolves had come up with their own alcoholic beverages utilizing aconite. The more aconite mixed into it the more potent the effects but why would the royal family serve it on such a special occasion? It seemed an invitation for trouble as drunken werewolves were just as unpredictable as drunken humans.
'Don't forget it also weakens our connection, Máni reminded.
'So the royal family wants us weak?'
'Depending on the strength of the wolf drinking too much would impair their aura and make it impossible to shift. It gives the royal family an edge especially considering we couldn't bring our own guards. No wonder our Mate is on edge. Phoebe mulled over her wolf's warning and gave Jason's arm a comforting squeeze. This was certainly shaping up to be an interesting night and it had only begun. Just what was the royal family planning? That is the question, Máni agreed.
Phoebe remained on edge as they joined the others. Some were enjoying the champagne without a care but most were abstaining. Even if they took a glass from the servers it was clear it was only for show as they never sipped from it. "So, if our hosts aren't here, what are we supposed to do?"
Phoebe asked.
"We just mingle, chat and enjoy the buffet," Lucille said. "It's actually quite enjoyable."
"Alpha Jason."
They turned toward the voice to see a familiar, lanky Alpha with a pretty Luna at his side. Though Phoebe hadn't met her she knew instantly knew who she was.
"Alpha Reed," Phoebe greeted, "and you must be Luna Chloe."
Reed smiled glancing at his Luna who found it difficult to contain her excitement for this meeting. She had been eager to meet Phoebe in person ever since her mate came home from Blue Moon's Luna Ceremony.
"You must be Luna Phoebe," Chloe immediately embraced her. "I heard so much about you! Thank you so much for what you did for Lily. We've been so worried about her after ..everything."
"It was my pleasure. Lily is so sweet and I know how difficult it must have been for her, Phoebe nodded. There were just some things that were hard to describe if one never experienced them.
"I wish we could have done more," Chloe shook her head.
"You did everything right," Phoebe assured her. "You were there for her and made her eat. The rest really depends on time. And you gave her that too."
"Thank you," Chloe wiped a tear away. "Thank you so much."
Phoebe gave her a squeeze. It was clear Chloe cared a great deal about her sister-in-law. She was grateful Lily had such a support network. A rejection was difficult to overcome but even more so alone. Not for the first time Phoebe wished she confided in her parents. Even if she didn't tell them who her mate was at the very least they would have supported her through it.
Jason and Reed shared a look. It seemed their Lunas were fast friends. Both of them were certain if they ever had a disagreement their Lunas would take them to task for being too stubborn.
"Have you seen Lily?" Chloe asked.
"Not since her Luna Ceremony," Phoebe shook her head.
Lily's ceremony had taken place a month after Phoebe's on the next full moon though she and William claimed one another long before then. Attending it had been Phoebe's first official duty as Blue Moon's Luna and she was so happy watching the pair take their vows and lead their pack on the moonlit run, something Phoebe had missed with her own pack due to Graham's sudden appearance.
Unfortunately Reed and Chloe hadn't been able to attend since the latter was recovering from the birth of their pup.
Their eldest son, Kaede, attended in his parents' place and whole heartedly congratulated his aunt. Though Lily was still underweight it was clear she was thriving under William's watchful eye. Her complexion was much healthier and a sheen returned to her hair. Her eyes were bright and a shy smile graced her face.
And it wasn't just William who was smitten by his Luna.
Though she had only been amongst them a very short time it was clear Winter Moon adored her. The omega servers, warriors and ranked members treated her with respect and even relief. Phoebe wondered how long the pack had been on edge wondering if their alpha would take a chosen mate and subject them to Camilla's demanding, arrogant personality.
"Oh, she looks so good!" Chloe gushed. "They came to visit for Aaron's naming ceremony."
Similar to a pack initiation Naming Ceremonies welcomed pups born into the pack. For lower-ranked pups a family ceremony was often held but for ranked members, especially the Alpha and Luna's pups, they were thrown a much larger party for all the pack to celebrate which often included close allies as well.
Naturally William and Lily received an invitation as they were the pup's aunt and uncle. Jason and Phoebe were also invited but another rogue attack prevented them from attending. Phoebe had been devastated they missed it but she was happy to hear Lily made it and was doing well.
"Oh, speak of the devil!" Lucille said catching their attention as William and Lily entered the courtyard.
It took all of a few seconds for Lily to spy her family and practically dragged William over to join them. Phoebe was happy to note Lily appeared healthy as ever. The dark rings around her eyes had disappeared and she gained quite a bit of weight. She was still as tall and slim as her brother but now with subtle, feminine curves and healthy muscle tone. Beside her, looking as proud as a peacock, was William, his arm around her waist and a new possessive aura warding off any who dared threaten what was his. Lily eagerly hugged Chloe and Phoebe in turn and drawing quite a bit of attention their way. No doubt it was an odd sight to see three lunas acting like sisters. Alliances were one thing but to treat one another as family quite another: "Lily, you look fabulous!" Phoebe said unable to hide her delight.
Blushing profusely Lily looked down at her simple black gown with a deep v-neck. On many wolves it would be revealing but with her slender frame it was elegant. Even so, Phoebe had a suspicion William picked it out. "Thank you. .....thank you," Lily nervously answered still harboring insecurities when it came to her looks.
"I'd say we are just about the luckiest alphas in the world," William announced. "With the most beautiful lunas at our sides."
"Agreed," Jason seconded pulling Phoebe close and kissing her temple.
Phoebe blushed, glancing toward Chloe to see Reed was also giving her similar attention. Though the Harvest Moon Alpha seemed reserved when she first met him it was clear he didn't have any reservations toward his mate.
"Oh, Jason. I am glad you're here," Reed said clearing his throat. "Last month we sent out samples of the balm to various packs and all of them have been pre-ordering it by the case. We will start production within the week thanks to Atticus's supplies." "Good to hear," Jason nodded. With Bridget, a part of Blue Moon, his pack could make all they needed for their own purposes, but Harvest Moon could distribute it worldwide.
"I still can't believe two she wolves cooked it up in their kitchen," William shook his head.
"And just what is that supposed to mean?" Phoebe playfully challenged. "Is it more believable if two males did it?"
"Well, no...l didn't say that."
"But it's what you were implying, yes?" Phoebe teased earning chuckles from the others.
"No, I just meant..."
"Will," Lily gently admonished, "just be quiet. Your mouth tends to get you into trouble."
"That's not what you said last night," William scoffed.
"Never mind," Lily blushed at the others tried to contain their mirth.
###Chapter 69
Phoebe leaned against Jason letting herself relax and enjoy their present company. If this was how the evening would go she wouldn't mind it at all. So focused on their group she didn't notice the arrival of the royal family until the King stepped forward raising a hand to call everyone to attention. "Friends, allies, alphas and lunas, it pleases me to see so many gathered here for my dear daughter's birthday," the King announced.
He stood on the edge of the courtyard where the ledge gave him a natural height advantage. Beside him Queen Leah maintained a severe expression looking uncomfortable as all eyes turned toward them. Next to her stood a younger she-wolf, clearly the princess they were gathered to honor while on the king's far right were two males, the princes.
The king, queen and princes wore purple signifying their place as members of the royal family while the princess set herself apart in light blue and crowned with a sparkling diamond tiara.
The family did make a striking group as they stood together. All bore similar facial features: dark eyes, long, narrow noses and tanned skin. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. However, the king, first prince and princess were blonde while the queen and second prince had dark, brown hair. Despite their attempt to appear as family Phoebe couldn't help but sense tension among them. Though the king commended his daughter's beauty he never once looked at her
"Would all the unmated males please step forward? One of you will be the lucky one chosen to escort my daughter for the night."
The unmated males followed his request to stand before the royal family. Some were eager wanting to make a good impression. Others were reluctant hoping they were passed over once again. It seemed not everyone thought escorting the princess was a lucky task. Several glanced at the others now standing in front of the king and noticed a prominent figure had not joined them.
Looking to the princess it was clear she also noticed the missing figure. She looked down on her perspective escorts with a frown while her father waited for her to make her choice so they could get on with the night. Her gaze drifted to the rest of the gathering wondering if he arrived late and eventually found him talking to several alphas and lunas in a small group.
A confident smile returned and she descended into the courtyard marching past her would-be suitors to the one Alpha she coveted. All eyes followed her as she crossed the distance separating them. Reaching her goal she tapped him on the shoulder. "Jason, you silly goose, you missed father's announcement,
"Selena smiled offering her hand expecting him to take it.
He eyed her coldly though that never bothered her. Jason had always been aloof toward everyone. But surprisingly a smile suddenly graced his face, "Not at all, your Highness.
Your father asked for the unmated males."
Jason turned revealing the petite she wolf in his arms. His broad frame had hidden her completely from view. She wore a delicate salmon-pink gown. Her hair was tamed in a half-up style. Despite its rich, dark color she was rather pale and plain looking compared to other she-wolves. Her most remarkable feature was her gray eyes which shimmered silver in the moonlight.
"Allow me to introduce my mate and Luna, Phoebe," Jason smiled. "Phoebe, angel. This is her highness, Princess Selena."
"Hello, your Highness," Phoebe smiled. "It's very nice to meet you."
Selena stared in disbelief. Did Jason, a wolf who claimed he would have no other but his fated Luna, just...who was this she-wolf? Jason bowed his head nuzzling Phoebe and nipping her ear. "Jason," Phoebe chuckled.
Jason growled, smiling and enjoying her against him. For a wolf that had always been cold toward others it was strange to see him so warm and openly loving. It was clear his actions were not only a surprise to the princess but the other wolves around them. Phoebe shot him a glance in a clear warning to mind his manners before looking again to the waiting princess; congratulations and happy birthday."
"...Th-thank you," Selena's mouth twitched as she muttered her reply.
She watched in jealousy as Jason cuddled his Luna, showering her with love and attention. In all the years she knew him Jason was always cold and distant. He virtually sneered at any she wolf begging for his attention, even her.
However, as an unmated male he could never deny her on her birthday and she always chose him as her escort. Even so he maintained his distance and acted as if her touch revolted him.
And yet there was no sign of that now toward the petite she-wolf in his arms. He treated her so tenderly. There was no doubting his desire if the heaviness of the musk in his scent was any indication. Phoebe kept elbowing him and shot him warning glances but her smile made it clear she delighted in his attention. Just who was this she wolf? How was she able to get his attention and love?
"Ah!" Jason suddenly looked up, "Phoebe, there's someone! wanted to introduce you to. Shall we?"
"All right," Phoebe cast a final glance at Selena before allowing him to lead her away. "Have a wonderful night, your Highness."
Jason excused them from their group and headed to the buffet table where a pair of males was perusing the offerings. Not surprisingly the royal family served only the most expensive hors doeuvres. "Zain."
One turned at the sound of his name to see Jason and broke out in a smile, "Jason! Glad to see you! Oh, and who is this lovely creature?"
"This is Phoebe, my mate and Luna. Phoebe this is Alpha Zain of Strawberry Moon and his Luna."
"Hello," Phoebe smiled. "I've heard so much about you and your pack."
"That is the highest compliment but it's not my doing," Zain chuckled kissing her hand. "It's all due to my Luna, Chandler."
The other male eagerly took her hand, "It's so good to meet you finally. I was so disappointed when we missed your Luna Ceremony. It was unfortunate it was so short notice.
Men! Am I right? Can't trust them to plan anything."
Phoebe laughed as both Jason and Zain shook their heads,
"Yes, males are impossible."
"Excuse me?" Jason scoffed. "My mother planned it so it's all her fault." >>
Zain snorted, "Issues much?"
Jason growled but there was no hostility behind it. Their packs shared strong ties and originally he planned to end his security tour at Strawberry Moon as he seldom was able to visit. "Phoebe," Chandler mused, "why does that name sound so familiar?"
"It was on the invitation they sent us," Zain reminded.
"No, not that. There was something else... oh yes! A transfer request," Chandler said. "A few years ago, you remember, we had a young male, a rogue, arrived on our borders. He wanted to join and said he had a friend he left behind in his old pack. I sent a transfer through but it was rejected. What was his name?"
"Dash," Phoebe said.
"Yes! That's it! Dash."
"Am I missing something?" Jason asked.
"Dash was a member of Rimrock," Phoebe explained. "We went to school together. He was one of my few friends. He had a hard time when it came out he was bi-s****]. The warriors in particular were pretty brutal. He finally had enough. I helped him purchase an old beater, he cut ties and went rogue. He later contacted me saying he had joined Strawberry Moon and offered to have them put in a transfer for me to join as well. By that time I was already taking care of Blake and Emma so I couldn't just leave and I couldn't let the pups go rogue either. I didn't know he actually did put the request through."
"I'm guessing it never made it passed our alpha's desk,"
Chandler sighed. "I warned him it was a long shot, but he felt bad about leaving you behind, especially knowing you had been rejected by your mate. But Luna? That's interesting."
He looked to Jason who stood behind her with a pensive expression at this new revelation. It was almost a fluke he visited Rimrock and found her. If she had transferred to Strawberry Moon Phoebe would have been even further away and given his mother's call made him cut his security tour short he probably never would have visited Strawberry Moon especially knowing their pack security was excellent.
"Perhaps it was best it didn't work out," Chandler said coming to the same conclusion. "Dash will be happy to know you are doing well." "How is he?"
"He's one of the best trackers and warriors we have," Zain announced.
"Oh, good," Phoebe sighed. She was glad to hear he was doing well after all the difficulty he endured. Jason's embrace tightened in comfort. She leaned against him enjoying his warmth. Yes, they were all in a much better place.
***
Selena watched Jason walk away with his Luna still in disbelief. For years she pursued him confident he would eventually choose her for his mate. She was a princess after all, who could be better? Despite the fact he claimed to be waiting for his mate she knew he had to be getting impatient. No male could hold back his urges forever, and she was determined to be there when he finally succumbed, but he never did.
And now he found his mate. The warmth in his gaze was no illusion but it was reserved only for Phoebe. He held her, nuzzled her, devoted all his attention to her. Selena never imagined he could be so loving or attentive. But why that she wolf?
Phoebe was pretty enough, Selena supposed, in a plain sort of way. The gown she wore showed off her gentle curves but it was nothing compared to Selenas endowments. She knew just how appealing she was to other wolves. What was more she had ample experience pleasuring males so she knew she could easily win anyone's heart.
Yet Jason refused to touch her. Any time she tried to entice or seduce him she was met with a firm rejection. He never even spent a single night in the royal palace though she offered him a bed many times. Every birthday he escaped as soon as propriety allowed with hardly a good-bye.
Selena thought he was just being shy given his inexperience. But now...she watched him with his Luna, the way his hands caressed her, his arms embraced her, his mouth hungered for her. It was clear there was no shyness in him. He devoted everything to her. It couldn't just be the mating bond. Her father assured her the mating bond was nothing special. They had the freedom to choose their most suitable partner. That was why she rejected her fated mate. She deserved better than a mere royal guard. She hadn't expected the pain that cut through to her very soul when the bond severed. But after a dose of wolfsbane, the pain went away, and it had the added bonus of silencing her whining wolf for a time.
If she rejected her mate with such ease there was no reason Jason couldn't especially as he hadn't met her yet.
He was free to take any she-wolf for his mate. So why then did he have no interest in her? She was the only princess and possessed a royal lineage. So why?
Why did he look at her with disdain when he had only love for such a plain little she-wolf? It didn't make sense.
"Something the matter, princess?"
Selena jerked from her thoughts to see Lucille eyeing her.
The she-wolf had always irritated her, but since Lucille was Jason's sister, Selena had no choice but to tolerate her. It just wasn't right. Selena was from the royal family yet Lucille never showed an ounce of reverence. Ancient bloodlines or not how could Lucille dare think herself better than a princess? Because she had a mate? He was only a gamma!
With a growl Selena spun on her heels and returned to her waiting family and unmated males longing to be her escort. She would show Jason exactly what he was missing.
Lucille snorted back a laugh watching her retreat. She was actually glad she had been dragged along after all.
###Chapter 70
"You and your brother play a dangerous game," Reed commented after the princess left them.
"What can she possibly do to us?" Lucille shrugged
"Power or not, she is still of royal lineage" Reed reminded.
"Maybe they should reconsider."
"Lucille!" Chloe gasped. "I don't think you should say that so freely. It could be considered treason."
"If that b***h thinks she can come between my brother and his Luna what I just said is the least of their worries," Lucille warned. "They are the ones who need to mind their behavior."
Reed frowned but on the whole he agreed. In fact he found it rather disturbing the princess spent so many years trying to seduce Jason when it was clear he was not her mate.
The royal family was meant to be examples of werewolf kind and as such they should have more loyalty and reverence toward the Moon Goddess than anyone else. And yet...
There were many rather disturbing rumors. The King and Queen were chosen mates and it was rumored that not only did the King reject his fated mate he might have had her beheaded to ensure she never found a second chance. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The first Prince was said to not only be deviant in his desire for multiple mates but that his sadistic pleasure usually killed his bed partners. It was rare for them to survive one night let alone two.
The only one who seemed to be decent enough was the second Prince. He had yet to take a mate but he avoided needless trysts and entanglements.
Though the royal family had very little power they flaunted their influence as if they were untouchable. Reed didn't know of a single alpha that held them with any particular respect. It was all lip service done to ensure the royal family didn't interfere with their pack. And yet he wasn't sure what would happen if Jason truly challenged them.
He watched the princess return to her suitors selecting a tall alpha with dark hair. Reed couldn't help but see the similarities between that unfortunate male and Jason. He was a little leaner and lacked Jason's maturity with almost boyish good looks. Even so it was clear the princess was trying to set an example.
After selecting her partner it was tradition for the princess and her escort to celebrate with a dance. It was something Jason begrudgingly participated in keeping Selena at arm's length despite her attempts to get closer. With a more willing partner she sashayed into the middle of the courtyard using every opportunity to rub and grind against the young male during their dance. She cast furtive glances toward Jason at every turn hoping to see him watching in envy.
If Jason noticed he gave no indication as he and Phoebe continued to greet alphas and lunas he had close ties to.
Moving from the Strawberry Moon pair they next met with Alpha Hymen and Luna Kleio of the New Moon pack. Like Harvest Moon, New Moon was a pack of intellectuals and prided themselves on preserving the history of their kind as well as their predecessors, the Lycans. Even from a glance it was clear Phoebe and Kleio were getting along famously with no sign of awkwardness. Though surprising at first glance, Reed realized it shouldn't be given Phoebe's formal education.
It was clear Jason had lost the train of the conversation as the lunas chatted amicably. While he remained silent he smiled and marveled at Phoebe's ease and grace as she held her own with such learned wolves. His embrace tightened and he continually nuzzled her, reveling in her intellectual prowess. The attention earned him the occasional elbow. Not once did he spare a single glance to the couple on the dance floor.
As Selena's partner spun her Phoebes laughter rang out from Jason's amorous advances. Burning with rage the princess couldn't take it anymore. She twirled away from her partner and stormed toward the happy couple. Neither took notice of her even as she neared them and declared, "I challenge for the position of Luna!"
Phoebe blinked finally noted Selena who stood pointing at her. Jason growled glaring at her audacity. All around them, conversation and festivities ceased. Not in anyone's lifetime had they witnessed such an event before and certainly not with a Luna who was already mated and marked by her Goddess given mate.
Phoebe frowned, "Is that even a thing?"
"Well," Alpha Hyman explained, "since Lycans didn't have fated mates they freely challenged each other for titles, land, honor, mates, whatever and since most of our original laws were copied from theirs challenges are still technically legal. Though, I've never heard of a Luna being challenged after she's been marked."
"Princess Selena," Jason somehow maintained an even voice, "have you lost the last of your senses?"
"She doesn't deserve to stand beside you!" Selena raised her voice to almost a shriek. "She doesn't deserve you at all! You should be mine!"
Jason snarled his embrace around Phoebe tightening at the thought of any other wolf in his arms. Phoebe coolly eyed her would-be rival and almost seemed bored by the drama in front of her as far as the other guests could tell.
They thought she should show a little more concern. After all, if she lost she would either be killed or forcibly demoted to Jason's mistress while Selena was named Luna since a wolf couldn't reject a marked mate. "Are there rules?" Phoebe asked glancing at Hyman and Kleio.
"Oh, um.yes," Kleio nodded. "As the challenged party you can decide when, where and in what form the challenge shall take place. The challenge ends when one submits to the other, is too injured to carry on or... dies." "Form?"
"You can choose to fight in human or wolf form. If the former neither party can shift, not even a partial shift although you can rely on your wolves for speed and strength."
Phoebe nodded turning to her wolf, What do you think? I don't think I can take her. I've only had defensive training.
"Let me at her. I'll tear her apart, Máni snarled.
'Are you sure? Everyone will see you!
'It's fine. Our Mate is here. We have nothing to fear!
'All right. Phoebe moved to step forward only for Jasen to tighten his embrace.
"Phoebe, no."
She turned to see him staring at her, his eyes practically glowing. Phoebe didn't need their bond to feel his apprehension and fear considering she had no sort of combat training. If not for her wolf's confidence Phoebe wouldn't have even trusted her voice. Smiling she gently pulled his face to hers capturing his lips and pouring her love and reassurance into their bond. With a sigh she slowly pulled away. Her eyes shimmered silver as she smiled at him.
"It will be all right, Jason," Phoebe whispered. "Promise."
Jason growled, still not wanting to release her, "If it looks like you're going to be hurt, I'm going to put an end to it."
Phoebe patted his cheek. Yes. He would never allow her to come to harm. She turned back to the princess. This time he didn't stop her but she still felt his concern buzzing through their bond.
'Take care of Mate. I'll handle this b***h, Máni snarled pressing forward and taking control. "Are you sure you want to do this, pup?"
Though her focus was on the princess everyone in attendance felt her aura and fought the urge to bare their necks. Phoebe's normally soft voice took on a huskier tone.
Even Jason was surprised and would have worried if not for Phoebe's soothing presence humming in their bond.
Lobo was fighting for control wanting to protect their mate but quieted as Phoebe's voice whispered in their mind, " Don't worry. Máni knows what she is doing."
Jason frowned. Did Phoebe mean her wolf was in control?
It was rare for their wolves to seize control when they were still in human form. Watching as Phoebe approached there was no awkwardness in her gate which was the usual sign a wolf was trying to manipulate a body they weren't familiar with. Yet considering how in sync Phoebe was with her wolf perhaps it wasn't a surprise they could switch so easily.
"You are nothing but an omega," Selena sneered. "I'm the Princess and a white wolf!"
"Oh, pup. Someone has been filling your head with nonsense. White wolves are nothing special. They just get dirty faster."
Selena scoffed nearly choking on her outrage. Ever since her first shift her mother had been praising her beauty and rarity. White wolves were seldom seen so their appearance was always celebrated. How dare this she wolf claim different!
"Do you accept the challenge or not?" Selena demanded.
"Accept, of course," Phoebe's silver gaze shimmered with amusement. "Here and now will be fine. Our wolves will settle the score. No proxies. You will fight your own battle this time."
Selena sucked in a breath, twitching. It was a little known rule that royalty could rely on a proxy to fight their duels to prevent injury to themselves unless stipulated before the start. She had been planning to send in a warrior. If she tried to now she would be forfeiting the fight.
The gathered crowd murmured amongst themselves.
Rumors traveled fast and many heard Phoebe hadn't even shifted for the traditional moonlit run. Many took it as a sign she was indeed wolfless. But now she accepted a challenge and wished to fight in their wolf forms. Was she not wolfless? And no proxies? What if the princess was injured?
And yet...
There was no denying the aura that swirled around Phoebe engulfing them all. There was a weight to it that was hard to resist. They not only wanted to bare their necks but also take a knee in reverence. "Remember pup, you wanted this. Don't hesitate now."
###Chapter 71
"Don't hesitate now."
Selena couldn't tell if it was meant to be a taunt but it infuriated her. How dare this she wolf mock her! And yet her own wolf was cowering, not wanting to fight. In fact her wolf was whimpering. We should beg for forgiveness.
We are not begging to her!' Selena snapped forcing the shift.
White fur bristled as her joints popped and her body realigned but it wasn't easy. Her wolf was not cooperating.
Her shifts were getting more and more painful and difficult since she rejected her mate. Her wolf had grown morose and barely even spoke from the deepest recesses of her mind.
It was unacceptable. They were royalty. They deserved only the best. Even her wolf had to admit the best wolf for them was Jason. No other would do and yet her wolf dared pine for another?
The shift was exhausting and afterwards Selena shakily stood on her paws catching her breath. Her wolf still refused to come forward forcing her to control her body alone. She took a tentative step forward trying to get used to four legs. Looking up she saw Phoebe watching with an amused gleam in her eyes.
Selena snarled. Her rival hadn't even transformed yet and she had the audacity to look down on her. Selena leapt forward intending to drag Phoebe down. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Yet she hadn't taken two steps before Phoebe dropped shifting smoothly into a wolf shimmering silver as if formed from the moonbeams themselves.
Phoebe always thought her shifts were faster and smoother than other wolves. Máni said it stemmed from how in sync they were with each other. The more in sync one was with their wolf the easier and smoother their shifts became.
The princess hadn't managed two leaps before Phoebe shredded her gown and dropped to all fours ready to meet her. Startled by the sudden shift Selena tried to stop but it was too late. Máni bound forward and met the princess's charge. Grabbing her by the scruff of the neck Máni shook her violently before tossing her aside.
Landing in a heap Selena let out a sharp yelp before trying to stand. Before she could get her paws under her Máni leapt onto her. She landed with the princess trapped between her forelegs and snarled. Yelping in terror Selena immediately rolled onto her back and bared her neck.
Growling Máni stood over her opponent and snorted in disgust, "So this is what the royal bloodline has come to? How disappointing."
Taking the princess's muzzle in her mouth as a sign of dominance and victory Máni stepped away her tail held high as the undisputed victor. Reaching the torn gown she paused letting her blue gray eyes take in her audience noting their startled, shocked and disbelieving looks
This could be bad, Phoebe warned.
Turning their attention to Jason they saw he looked as shocked as everyone else by the silver wolf in front of him.
A soft whine escaped as they worried about his silence.
Was he angry? Disappointed?
He blinked seemingly coming out of his stupor before stepping forward. Coming to stand before them he knelt so they could be face-to-face. Hesitantly he reached out cupping her head in his hands and letting her silky fur run between his fingers. Tingles of their bond erupted from his touch and with it his soothing presence.
"So, you're Máni, Jason murmured. "You are as beautiful as Phoebe and Lobo can't wait to run with you."
Her tail wagged and their worries faded. Wiggling with excitement Mani pressed forward licking his nose and earning a chuckle for her brazen attitude.
'Maybe we should shift back, Phoebe said. It'll make it easier to explain.
'Fine. But I better get to run with my Mate soon, Máni huffed before allowing her control.
Máni's consciousness slipped back allowing Phoebe to come forward again. As they switched places the shift took over. Their body realigned and bones snapped back into place. Their fur withdrew and as her knees settled on the cold cobblestone Phoebe suddenly realized she was, in fact, naked in front of the gathered alphas and lunas.
Her face burned with embarrassment not sure what she should do when a soft cloth suddenly settled over her shoulders. Looking up she saw Jason kneeling in front of her tucking a satin table cloth around her like a blanket and growling at their audience for daring to look at his Luna in a compromising position.
"
...Jason."
He cut her off with a kiss, warm and promising much more when they were alone. Phoebe found herself blushing for a whole different reason as he swept her into his arms and held her bridal-style safely cocooned in her covering. "You're not hurt, right?" Jason murmured.
"No. I'm fine."
'Did he not see what just happened? She couldn't even touch us!' Máni huffed.
"Good," Jason kissed her forehead. "Then I'll let it go. But if she had so much as scratched you she wouldn't be allowed to breathe a moment longer. Let's go."
Turning he headed toward the door only to stop as the king suddenly emerged from the crowd, "Jason! Halt!" Growling in irritation Jason paused looking back at the royal. Phoebe frowned as her gaze settled on the king. Over the years she had gotten used to looks of pity and disgust from her former pack for being wolfless but the hatred burning in the king's gaze was something new.
"Jason, you must reject that wretched creature this instant!
"the king demanded earning a startled gasp from the crowd. "I command it!"
A snarl erupted from Jason like a thunderclap and his aura poured out making even the king shudder as the crowd took a step back. Phoebe shivered as it rippled over her but she felt no fear. For her it was like a blanket: soft and protective. "With no due respect, your Highness, you have no authority to tell me what to do with my Goddess-given mate!" Jason snapped enunciating each word carefully. No wolf's authority extended beyond the Moon Goddess.
"You have no idea what you're doing!" the king struggled under the weight of the aura emanating from Jason. "That creature will bring chaos and destruction on us all!"
"A-actually, your Highness," Kleio hesitantly stepped forward. "You are mistaken. Silver wolves are messengers of the Goddess herself. They appear whenever we have strayed too far from our path. That makes them heralds of change and realignment. If chaos follows it is only because we refuse to accept the Goddess's design."
After the king's declaration the crowd had become unsettled. Many spent time in Phoebe's company and found her quite charming but the king's words made them wonder if she was a wolf in sheep's clothing meant to lull them into a false sense of security. With Kleio's announcement they were relieved. After all, New Moon was the authority when it came to anything history-related
I told you, you read too much, Máni muttered.
The New Moon Luna wasn't finished, "And I, for one, find it rather disturbing our King would even suggest his authority surpasses the Moon Goddess."
She frowned warily eyeing him as her words sent another shockwave of surprise through the assembled alphas and lunas. While this wasn't the first time the royal family had been caught doing questionable things it was the first time anyone openly challenged it. Now, not one but two pack leaders from the most powerful packs were doing just that.
The king hesitated glancing at their audience. Though none spoke out against the princess's challenge it was clear they didn't support it and none of them spoke in support of him either. They clearly expected the king to stand down.
"Jason, your father and grandfather were fierce and loyal alphas. Do you really mean to dishonor them by continuing this challenge?" the king tried to look the picture of a forgiving, benevolent ruler.
"Wrong question," Jason met his gaze without a shred of submission. "The question you should be asking is do you really intend to challenge me?"
Turning Jason marched toward the door. Phoebe's gaze remained on the king as long as he was in sight. His eyes were practically glowing with hatred. Subconsciously she shivered even as Jason's embrace tightened. The crowd parted before them and her gaze took in a myriad of different reactions: fear, confusion, respect, awe, but nothing close to the hatred radiating from their king. For once even Máni was silent.
Phoebe expected the royal guards to stop them but none dared approach Jason with his aura preceding them. In fact, most bowed, baring their necks at his approach and didn't move until he passed by. Making it to the front door he carried her down the steps to their hastily summoned limo. At the very least the driver didn't seem surprised to see them or the state of Phoebe's undress.
Holding the door the warrior bowed to them as they approached. Refusing to release her Jason climbed in and slid across the seat still cradling Phoebe in his lap. Only then did his aura ease and he breathed a sigh of relief. "Jason?"
"Phoebe, are you sure you're not hurt?" he caressed her cheek.
"Jason, I'm fine. I'm.."
He cut her off with a kiss. Cradling her head he stole her breath with unrestrained passion flooding their bond as his tongue curled and dominated her mouth.
"Jeez, if you're going to do that we'll call a cab," Lucille said as she and Ben slid into their seats across from them.
###Chapter 72
A growl erupted from Jason as he glared at his sister.
Blushing bright red Phoebe buried her face in his shoulder.
She had completely forgotten the others.
"Oh, don't give me that," Lucille huffed. "Try to control yourself, brother."
"You can always get out and walk," Jason answered through clenched teeth.
"In these heels? Are you kidding?" Lucille scoffed before looking at Phoebe. "But damn, Phoebe! Your wolf is something else!"
With an awkward smile Phoebe settled in Jason's lap as it was evident he wasn't going to let her go any time soon.
"Did you know?" Ben asked.
"That she was silver, yes," Phoebe nodded. "But I didn't know about the whole messenger of the Goddess thing. My wolf awakened early and we shifted early too but even my parents didn't know."
"How could they not know?" Lucille asked, confused.
"Well," Phoebe hesitated.
She knew from the beginning Máni was not a typical wolf.
Everything from her sudden awakening to her coloration was unorthodox. Phoebe wasn't sure she could explain it or even if she should. It was Máni who insisted on secrecy from the beginning and after meeting the king Phoebe finally understood why. 'It's all right,' Máni finally spoke. 'Mate is here now. We don't need secrets to protect ourselves. Mate will protect us.
Will he? Against the king?"
"Phoebe," Jason cupped her chin and turned her to face him sensing her disquiet through the bond. "No matter what...I won't let anyone hut your. Believe me, angel."
He caressed her cheek smoothing away tears she didn't know were there. She could feel his dedication through the bond. His warmth, love and determination surrounded her.
He would defend her against any threat. He would take on the whole world if necessary.
"Phoebe?" Jason gently prompted.
"My wolf said we shouldn't tell anyone. She awakened much earlier than most wolves and as long as she stayed in the back of my mind no one seemed to notice," Phoebe said. "When it was time for us to shift she woke me up and told me to go outside without waking our parents.
Afterwards she still insisted on hiding herself."
"That's why everyone assumed you were wolfless," Jason surmised.
Phoebe nodded, "I didn't know anything about silver wolves. I hadn't even heard of them. There was only one book in my father's entire collection that mentioned them calling them harbingers of chaos. To be honest it kind of frightened me. Sometimes others could sense her, or at least their wolves did."
"Luke and I wondered why everyone kept calling you wolfless when we could definitely sense her."
"You did?" Phoebe asked genuinely surprised. "Then maybe my wolf was right. She said the reason everyone thought we were wolfless was because they weren't in tune with their wolves."
"Makes sense," Ben agreed. "It could also be because you and your wolf are so in sync that it is not easy to sense one from the other. When your wolf comes forward we don't always feel it the same way as with others."
Phoebe felt her cheeks warm but was it really that unusual? Then again... After her experience with Graham, Katrina, Camilla and even their recent alpha visitors she really couldn't argue. In fact it did seem a lot of werewolves put themselves at odds with their wolves. It was a worrying trend.
"So...about your rejection," Ben hesitated to bring it up but there were still so many questions.
Phoebe felt Jason's embrace tighten. She just shook her head saying, "There isn't much to tell. I graduated school early and went to college so I never met Graham until he came back from the Alpha School. He took one look and rejected me. My wolf said not to worry and that wed be all right but..it still hurt. I didn't want to talk about it but I think on some level my parents knew. They never tried to force me to go to the packhouse. We usually stayed home. Mom fretted I wasn't eating enough. My wolf did too. It's not like being a silver wolf saved me from the experience."
Jason kissed her temple hugging her close and not wanting her to dwell on such memories but he had his own question that was nagging him, "What about your wolf?
When we first met she didn't seem all that eager to link with mine."
"Oh, well, she said a lady should play hard to get."
"So, in other words, your wolf is a tease."
"Are you upset?"
"No," Jason smirked. "In fact, she should feel free to tease my wolf any time she wants."
'Traitor,' Lobo huffed but Jason sensed he really didn't mind. There was nothing their Luna couldn't do.
"Is it really okay for us to leave like this?" Phoebe asked. "I mean, the royal family..."
"It's fine," Ben waved off her concern. "It's not like we didn't see this coming."
"I don't understand."
"The truth is the royal family has been losing power for centuries," Ben explained, "and they really didn't have much to begin with. The Council technically holds more authority.
They are the ones who draft our laws. The only thing the King is needed for is to ratify any changes they want to enact. Other than that he doesn't hold any more power than a high-ranking alpha."
"Really?"
"As far as rank goes Blue, Full, New, Blood and Harvest Moon alphas surpassed him long ago. The only ancient pack that still lags behind is Crescent Moon and that's because they are so small: barely seventeen hundred members last I checked," Ben nodded. "The only reason they are still in power is because no one else wants the job.
Hard enough to manage a pack of Blue Moon's size let alone oversee all the packs worldwide even with the Council doing the heavy lifting."
"I don't understand," Phoebe frowned, "how has the royal family lost so much standing?"
"For starters, the first Prince is a cad, a pig and a sadist," Lucille scoffed. "Apparently it's a miracle for any of his bed partners to survive a night with him, not even his fated mate from what I hear. And you've met the Princess so you've seen what she is like. But that's just scraping the surface. Rumor has it she not only rejected her fated mate she is also addicted to wolfsbane."
Phoebe shuddered.
"Not to mention the royal pack is broke with all the spending the King does," Ben nodded. "The only business they run that makes them any money is the Alpha School.
The tuition is so high because they are desperate for the money but the curriculum is a joke. Remedial math and watered down history at best."
"Really?" Phoebe blinked. This was all news to her.
Rimrock's previous alpha has been so proud to send Graham there.
"Why do you think we all avoid it?" Lucille asked. "No alpha of the ancient packs has attended in centuries. And don't get me started on their little palace here."
"The royal family only moved here after they lost their castle overseas," Ben agreed.
"They lost it?"
"They took out a loan from New Moon," Ben said, "with the castle as collateral and couldn't pay it back. I'm guessing there was as non-disclosure agreement because New Moon has not made any official statements and won't if you ask their ranking members. About the only royal family member worth his breath is the second Prince but if rumors are to be believed he isn't even the King's blood."
"What?" Phoebe blinked.
Lucille nodded, "The current Queen is the King's second or third mate. She was mated to one of the King's guard who died mysteriously. Her coronation was rushed and the Prince was born shortly afterward. So unless she was having an affair with the King to begin with it's highly unlikely the Prince is of the royal bloodline."
Phoebe slowly digested all of what she had been told trying to recall the royal family. There had definitely been tension among them and while the first Prince and Princess did share features from their father the second Prince largely took after his mother. "Are you all right, Phoebe?" Jason asked. "Angel?"
"Yeah. It's just...this is all news to me," Phoebe shivered."
How is it that this is all secret?"
"I wouldn't say secret," Ben corrected,
,"it's all rumor and
unsubstantiated gossip."
"It doesn't explain why the King hates me."
"True," Ben nodded. There was no denying the contempt in the king's gaze toward Phoebe. "It would help if we knew more about silver wolves but we aren't New Moon. They are practically the Alexandria of our history and lore. Our library at Blue Moon is a small- town, public library in comparison."
"Could we just ask them?" Phoebe suggested, "I mean, about silver wolves?"
"We could contact them. It depends on how much they want to share," Ben said. "We have good relations but they might not want to get in the middle of a feud between us and the royal family. For now, I think it's best to keep all of this off open channels. We also need to find out more about the royal family. There are plenty of rumors but the royal family keeps its biggest secrets hidden pretty deep."
"What if they attack Blue Moon?" Phoebe asked. "They could declare war and..."
"They can't," Jason cut her off.
"He's right. Only the Council has the authority to declare war," Ben agreed. "Even if the King challenges Jason for his title it'll only be a one-on-one duel with the Council as witnesses. Aside from using his sons as proxies there isn't much he can do." Phoebe slowly relaxed with their assurances though she was still on edge. Máni was restless with the prospect of a future confrontation.
"It's probably best your wolf was so secretive," Ben said. "
Given the King's reaction tonight if he heard even a whisper about a silver wolf when you were still with Rimrock he could have wiped it off the face of the Earth and no one would have known the truth."
###Chapter 73
A shiver traveled down Phoebe's spine at the thought of Rimrock being overrun and slaughtered by royal warriors.
Jason's embrace tightened quelling her unspoken fears and reminding her she was no longer with that pack. That's right, she was with Blue Moon now and the situation was different.
No matter how much he might want to the king couldn't just march in and raze the pack. Blue Moon was too strong and too notable for that. They also had too many allies, allies that would not stand idly by. Did Máni know this would happen? Her wolf was being oddly silent. "So...what happens now?"
"First, we return to the estate and get you a change of clothes," Jason said making her blush.
That's right she was still very much naked, covered only in a tablecloth.
"Then Ben is going to contact our pilots and arrange for immediate departure. The jet needs to be refueled and we need to file a flight plan with the humans."
Ben nodded. Jason didn't often make use of Blue Moon's private jet unless time was of the essence. Most wolves preferred to keep their feet on the ground. Returning to the pack as quickly as possible and keeping Phoebe safe was his priority. The king could not challenge Blue Moon outright but as long as they were here they were only a small force and vulnerable to attack.
Even as their limo pulled up to Blue Moon's estate Ben was already on the phone making arrangements. It was like a mini pack of its own. The mansion served as the packhouse and the grounds included acres of forest all enclosed in a stone wall and guarded by its own dedicated group of elite warriors.
With just over two hundred and fifty staff residing in it year round it really was like a small pack all its own while still enjoying the benefits of a larger pack. Phoebe had been nervous when she first arrived never having any contact with these wolves but she found them equally welcoming to her and eager to meet their Luna. They were so focused on making Phoebe's stay as pleasant as possible they virtually ignored their alpha. Ben joked Jason was nothing but chopped liver in comparison. "So, we can't go for a run?" Phoebe asked. She could feel Máni's annoyance at having to wait again.
Jason hesitated, saying, "I'm pretty sure if we don't my wolf will revolt. He's wanted to run with his mate for months. We have a little time."
Their driver opened the door allowing Jason to carry her out. He left Ben to make arrangements for their departure as he carried Phoebe around the estate to the spacious backyard and enticing woods beyond. It was nothing like the vast tracks of land encompassing Blue Moon's territory but for a quick run it would do. It was also closely monitored by cameras and patrols so help was close at hand.
Jason carried her into the trees and finally set her on her feet. Phoebe wobbled before finding her balance again while still cocooned in the tablecloth. Curling a finger under her chin, Jason tilted her face toward his, kissing her tenderly and filling their bond with his love and adoration. It was almost overwhelming.
With a sigh, Jason slowly eased back, stroking her cheek with his thumb, "Wait right here, and don't look away."
"Okay," Phoebe agreed not sure what he wanted.
Reluctantly taking a step back Jason shed his jacket hanging it over a tree branch then yanked off his tie before unbuttoning his shirt. "Um...Jason?"
"Don't look away, angel," Jason said. "Lobo wants to meet you."
Phoebe's cheeks heated up as he shrugged out of his shirt before loosening his belt. While most wolves quickly lost their inhibitions when it came to nudity Phoebe had never been around wolves while they shifted. To make matter worse she couldn't help but ogle Jason's fit frame and averted her gaze to the ground.
"Eyes up, angel," Jason reminded
Hesitantly she looked up to see he had kicked off his shoes and shed his pants. His briefs were about to follow but he refused to remove them until she met his eyes. Phoebe bit her lip struggling to hold his gaze as he removed his last cover and stood in front of her in all his glory.
He smirked as she fought waves of embarrassment and arousal at the sight before her. His eyes swirled amber as he lowered himself and let the shift take over. Dark from bristled all across his body as his joints and bones snapped, realigned and lengthened. There was no sign of pain and happened rather quickly. Perhaps not as smooth as her own shift it was certainly close and in a matter of moments a large, chocolate-brown wolf stood in front of her.
In the dark of night, he was nearly black, but in the lights of the distant mansion and the moon above, Phoebe could just make out the subtle reddish variation of his coat, making it brown. His amber eyes practically glowed gold as he took a careful step forward. He was a massive wolf easily outweighing any other by a hundred pounds.
Approaching slowly, he whined, hoping she was not afraid of his sheer size. He would never harm her.
Crouching, Phoebe held out her hand. Wagging his tail Lobo pressed forward rubbing his cheek against her palm.
Phoebe stroked his soft, warm fur. Lobo raised his head licking the tip of her nose. She chuckled which pleased him judging by how his tail whirled in the air.
'Okay, you've had your fun. My turn!' Máni insisted.
Planting a kiss on Lobo's cold nose she stood, backing away from him. She hesitated before dropping the tablecloth and giving control to Máni. Settling on all fours Máni shook herself enjoying the moonlight shimmering across her coat.
Since they had never shifted in front of others Phoebe didn't have a proper idea of scale for Máni's size. She was quite a bit larger than Shannon's wolf but she was only an omega. Now standing in front of Lobo she could see Máni was nearly as tall though lacking his bulk. Touching noses she gave him a lick before ducking under his chin and rubbing her body along his as she circled him. Lobo growled in appreciation as she rubbed her scent over him.
'You have one hour, Jason warned his wolf.
'Whatever'
I mean it. We need to get them back home where they are safe.
I know. Lobo huffed, but despite his irritation, he would adhere. Their mates' safety came first, but that didn't mean they couldn't have some fun.
With a spring in his step Lobo headed deepen into the woods his tail held high. Máni trotted alongside him and Jason couldn't help but wonder what kind of picture they made together: one wolf as dark as night and the other shimmering silver like captured moonbeams. Suddenly Máni burst forward bounding several paces ahead.
"Phoebe? What's wrong?" Jason asked as Máni turned capering in front of them.
"She wants to play. Hope you can keep up."
With that she took off like a silver streak. With an excited woof Lobo sprang forward in pursuit. They had always been the biggest and the strongest. No wolf was capable of overpowering or subduing them. They had yet to meet the wolf that could keep up with their speed and stamina.
However, Máni fitted through the trees like a moonbeam and almost as soundlessly. It was clear Lobo was just as amazed and enamored with his mate as Jason as he struggled to match her playful bounding.
He circled around a particularly large tree and suddenly came up short. He chuffed and looked around him but didn't see the silvery form he had been following but her lilac-sage scent was fresh and more fragrant now in her wolf form. He felt no distress through their bond which assured him she was well and nearby.
Cautiously he stepped forward trying to locate her through their bond. The longer she was out of sight the more anxious he became. A whine tore out of his throat before he was even aware of it. At the same time teeth clamped on his tail sending telltale tingles through him as the bond ignited.
Lobo whirled around as Máni released him. With a happy yip she dropped her forelegs so that her tail was held high in the universal canine gesture for play. He wanted to berate her for disappearing from his sight but he couldn't help but be impressed. Yet he had to maintain his dignity as she bounced around trying to elicit his playful side.
"Oh, come on Mister Serious! Play with us!" Phoebe laughed in his mind.
"Is your wolf always so playful?" Jason chuckled at his own wolf's hopelessness.
"What do you expect? She's never been able to run around with another wolf before. We've had to be careful no one saw us. We've always run alone."
At that, Lobo whined, and suddenly, all thought of being dignified was gone. If his Luna wanted to be silly and frolic like a pup, then so could he, and he could do anything to make her happy.
Dropping his guard he chuffed and mimicked her play gesture. Excitement and elation flooded their bond as she nipped at his nose before bounding off. With a possessive growl he followed. The things they did for their mate.
###Chapter 74
Phoebe shivered as the hot water streamed down her body.
Jason's hands lazily caressed her curves carefully washing her as he nuzzled her neck and nipped at her mark eliciting a soft moan.
Their wolves had frolicked and...other things...for longer than he intended but it had been difficult to deny his wolf the chance to be with his mate. He should have made time for them long ago but he kept putting it off as other concerns piled up. Eventually they had to return to the estate and prepare for their eminent departure. Though he had downplayed the potential danger, truthfully the king still had a dedicated group of supporters. The sooner they returned to their territory the better. There Jason had much more control and Phoebe would be safe and secure. Jason was under no illusions. The king was dangerous and would certainly kill Phoebe if given the chance. To keep her safe Jason had to eliminate as many variables as he could and that started with getting her home where his influence was strongest.
Shutting off the water Jason stepped out retrieving a towel and wrapping her in it both to help her dry and to keep her warm. After their wolves had their fun it was clear she had caught a bit of a chill. Phoebe blushed at his care but it felt too nice to protest. Tucking her into a warm robe he gently dried her hair before quickly drying himself and escorting her back to their bedroom. He would have given just about anything to take her to bed but his mind was buzzing that preparations for their departure were complete. "Dress warm, angel," Jason kissed her temple. "We'll be leaving shortly."
"Oh...so soon?" Phoebe looked at him with a note of disappointment. Perhaps she wanted a little more time together.
"Yes. I don't know when the king might make his move and want you somewhere he can't reach when he does."
Phoebe shivered at his warning. Jason's embrace tightened not wanting anything he said to disturb her. He would protect her and flooded their bond with his reassurance.
Phoebe snuggled into him accepting his comfort and strength. She hated to think she would annoy him by depending on him too much but he growled the moment he sensed her hesitation. His life belonged to her.
Reluctantly parting from him she quickly went to the closet and selected something to wear. She hadn't brought much with her but Lucille took her shopping almost as soon as they arrived. Her sister-in-law insisted they buy far more than she could ever wear in a week they originally planned to stay saying she could just leave the wardrobe there when it was time to leave. Apparently Lucille kept a closet of clothes at all Blue Moon's properties so she never had to pack. It seemed a bit much to Phoebe who had always lived frugally but also strangely appealing.
Selecting leggings and a sweater she finished drying and changed. The sweater was cashmere and the softest thing she had ever worn. At the time she thought it was far too. expensive but now she was glad Lucille talked her into it.
Stepping back into the bedroom she saw that Jason was already dressed. Here, they each had a separate walk-in closet, much to Jason's chagrin.
Seeing him in black trousers, a matching leather jacket, and a cream turtleneck, she couldn't help but think how regal he looked. He was a true Alpha. It didn't matter what he wore he looked strong and capable. In contrast she was... small. She would never be able to command a room simply by walking into it like he could.
It wasn't the first time she thought herself inferior to him.
She still didn't feel like a Luna despite how the pack treated her. There were just some things one had to be born with and she was still just a nameless cog even if she now had more clothes than she could ever wear in a lifetime. "Phoebe?" Jason came to her side sensing her disquiet."
Are you over thinking again?"
"No, I..It's just..."
He held her close, nuzzling her, "Angel, you really need to stop doubting yourself. I've never seen a more natural Luna than you."
"You're bias."
"Maybe. But that doesn't make it any less true."
Phoebe tried to stifle a laugh but he sensed her mirth through their bond
"You have been my Luna officially for four months," Jason gently intoned. "The pack is whole and complete because of you. You have changed how our pups are taken care of and educated. You absolutely changed how pack members treat and interact with each other. They love you, adore you, almost as much as I do. So please, stop doubting yourself."
He cupped her face in his hands caressing her cheeks with his thumbs. His eyes swirled amber showing his wolf was close and in full agreement.
"You may not have been born a Luna, but you were destined to be one," Jason said. "You were destined to be my Luna."
Phoebe shivered as his words flowed through her touching the restless part of her soul. How did he always know just what to say to settle the part of her that needed his words?
"Feel better?" Jason smirked.
She nodded, not trusting her voice.
"Then let's go home."
Though they had arrived with luggage they wouldn't be taking anything back. Not only did Jason want to travel light but Phoebe's wardrobe had expanded considerably making it unnecessary. It would also make returning to the estate easier by leaving some essentials behind. Taking her hand he led her to the garage where their escort waited
"Finally," Ben chuckled, "as long as you two were taking I was beginning to wonder if you decided to finish everything your wolf started."
Phoebe blushed but Jason merely growled at his audacity.
"Everything ready?" Jason asked glaring at his Gamma as he addressed the estate's security chief.
"Yes, Alpha," Casper answered ignoring the friendly banter between the two. "Vehicles are ready and our spotters have eyes on two lookouts." "Only two?" Jason asked.
Casper gave a small shrug. They knew the king would move quickly but it seemed he lacked the numbers to maintain surveillance. It was odd considering they were essentially in royal territory or perhaps he was underestimating them.
Casper was an older wolf and already out of his prime when Jason was still a pup. He had been injured during a rogue attack and now walked with a permanent limp. This injury was what finally took him off active duty but his mind was still sharp and his experience invaluable.
He had taken the lead position over the estates security as a form of semi-retirement. It was as quiet post, allowing him and his mate to enjoy their twilight years. His mate, Matilda, was head of the staff and ran everything with the efficiency of a drill sergeant. Yet she was generally soft spoken and treated everyone as if they were family.
"Luna," Matilda greeted as soon as Phoebe appeared, "I wish you could have stayed longer."
"I do too," Phoebe readily took her hands not minding the calluses. "Next time we'll bring the pups."
"Oh yes! Please do! I haven't had pups to spoil since our own outgrew my knee."
"Shall we take them out?" Casper asked, drawing Jason's attention away from Phoebe quietly chatting with the staff.
"Positions?"
"One is in the tree across the road and another on the house just east of the gate."
"Let's see if we can stir up the nest," Jason said. "Take out the one in the tree."
Casper nodded, his mindlink with their sniper already open,
"Shot is green on target one."
***
Perched on the estate roof and lying flat to avoid being seen Jacob stirred. He was among the best shots in all Blue Moon, a title he took very seriously. Most of the personnel at the estate fell under one of two categories: those who retired from active service and those on extended leave due to injury.
Jacob was among the latter having taken a bullet for the dignitary he had been assigned to protect. Luckily the bullet wasn't silver. Even so it had come close to his heart. It had been a struggle to even get out of bed at the beginning of his recovery, but now he was chaffing under doctor's orders and eager to once again join the active rosters. Perhaps this mission was his chance to prove he was ready to his alpha.
"Shot is green on target one."
A smile twitched the corners of his mouth as Jacob peered down the scope at the amateur the king sent. Sliding the bolt home he loaded the single silver round and settled his sight on his target. Beside him, his mate and spotter kept watch on their second target. "Don't miss," Nathan taunted not taking his eyes from target two.
"If you're trying to be distracting, it's not going to work," Jacob snorted letting out a long easy breath as his finger settled on the trigger and squeezed.
His shoulder absorbed the kickback while the silencer ensured no sound. Watching through the scope he saw his target jerk as the bullet hit its mark before slumping forward and falling from his precarious perch to land in a heap on the ground. Though the bullet was silver and would kill its target unless removed it was a point of pride to make a clean, kill shot.
"Target one neutralized."
###Chapter 75
"Target neutralized, Alpha," Casper relayed.
"Send Team One."
"Team One. You are good to go," Casper relayed.
At the front door the estate sat three unmarked SUVs with a team and drivers waiting. Once the word was given the doors opened and four figures were quickly escorted to the waiting vehicles. The motorcade pulled away and headed out the gate. "Decoy is away," Casper nodded once it was confirmed.
"Good." Jason looked back to where Phoebe stood with the staff. "Phoebe."
She turned, seeing his outstretched hand, before bidding the staff farewell and returning to his side.
"Oh, Luna. Here. It's rather chilly tonight," Matilda approached with a woolen jacket.
With a grateful smile Phoebe pulled it on before Jason helped her into the unmarked SUV. Ben and Lucille climbed into another as the escort team took their places. "Shot is green on Target Two," Casper intoned and waited for the all clear before signally them to proceed.
The garage doors opened the trio of SUVs departed.
Phoebe nervously fidgeted at they moved out in silence.
This certainly was not how she expected their brief vacation to end. It was meant to be a relaxing week away from the pack but it had become its own sort of nightmare.
Phoebe pensively stared out the window. A warmth suddenly enveloped her hand and tingles traveled up her arm. Turning, she looked to see Jason watching her with concern, and she realized he felt everything through their bond. Leaning forward he kissed her. "I won't let anyone hurt you, Phoebe."
"Jason it's not-if someone gets hurt because of me..."
"If someone gets hurt it won't be your fault," Jason shook his head. "It'll be on the king. Remember that."
Phoebe nodded not sure what else she could do. Perhaps he was right but that wouldn't alleviate her guilt in the slightest. Ultimately it was her presence that brought this conflict.
This conflict was set into motion long before us, Máni suddenly spoke. Wolves have turned their back on the Goddess and now they must pay the price! What do you mean?'
'You'll see.'
Phoebe bit her lip wanting Máni to continue but apparently her wolf said all it intended to. She could never be certain how much her wolf really knew. It didn't feel like Máni was deliberately keeping information from her. Perhaps it was something her wolf could feel but not describe. Their wolves usually had a sixth sense when it came to trouble and danger. Maybe that's why her wolf could only give hints.
But how could any wolf turn against the Moon Goddess?
Unless...
Did it have something to do with the rogues? Or was it about the fact so many were taking chosen mates over their fated ones? Or was it both? Was it all connected?
It seemed to Phoebe the Goddess had definitely been trying to tell her children they had taken the wrong path given the difficulty for wolves to find their fated mate. Maybe it was more than just a sign. What if she had been right all along? And the rogues...
She though back to Mona's finding. What if all of them had been rejected by their mates? But surely that was impossible. Certainly that many wolves couldn't have rejected their mates.
Still, she couldn't forget the royal family and everything Ben disclosed. The state of any pack was reflected its alpha.
Jason was studious and organized as was Blue Moon meanwhile Rimrock had fallen apart as Graham did. Even if the king didn't hold power some at least revered him. His dismissive attitude towards mates trickled down to the lower-ranking wolves.
But it obviously didn't extend to all wolves. Jason, Ben, Lucille, Luke, Mona, Reed, Chloe, William, and Lily all had their fated mates. Clearly, not everyone followed the king's example, and yet they were also suffering from increasing rogue attacks. So what did it all mean? "Hey," Jason gently tugged her closer, sensing her anxiety, and kissed her temple, "I promise I'll keep you safe."
Phoebe snuggled into him accepting his comfort. Right now it seemed the future was unstable and she needed to cling to everything she could count on. He was number one on that list. No matter what lay in the future they would face it together. She wouldn't be alone.
Jason's chest rumbled comforting her and pleased when he sensed her contentment. This was not how he expected their life together would be. He knew she was special but seeing her wolf completely blindsided him. She was magnificent.
Despite Phoebe's petite size her wolf was larger than a Beta though lankier which made her look smaller. He had glimpsed her speed earlier that night. She flitted through the trees like a ghost. Even Lobo had been stunned. Of course that didn't stop him from indulging in his mate.
He certainly hadn't heard of a silver wolf and Luna Kleio's speech left him with more questions than answers. Jason had no way of knowing if anything she said was true and a quite frankly he didn't care. Phoebe was his mate, and nothing would change that, not even if they said she was the Goddess herself.
More confusing was the pure hate radiating from the king.
Jason had been ready to tear him apart, and Lobo practically crawled out of his mind, wanting a bite out of the king the moment he tried to command them to reject their mate. If Phoebe had not been in his arms he might have let his wolf loose. Phoebe had to be kept safe and out of the king's reach.
Getting her back to the pack's territory was step one. But what then? He couldn't remain defensive. There was one surefire way to end it and that meant taking out the king and anyone who stood at his side.
He didn't doubt his pack's strength but he wasn't sure an open conflict with the royal family would be supported by the werewolf community at large or his allies for that matter. There was always a danger in challenging the status quo. Jason certainly didn't want them thinking he was some power-hungry dictator. To protect Phoebe he would be just as ruthless.
The trio of SUVS entered a short tunnel under an overpass and pulled to a stop beside the median. Jason quickly ushered a confused Phoebe out of their vehicle as Ben and Lucille emerged from another. As soon as their passengers were out the SUVS drove onward. Scooping Phoebe into his arms Jason headed to the median and stepped over it to where three identical vehicles waited with Garrison's team.
They ushered in their passengers and waited for the all-clear before they started up and drove away, now heading in the opposite direction. Phoebe nervously glanced out the windows and looked to Jason who seemed completely at ease. "Jason?"
"It's all right, angel," he kissed her hand, "just a little shell game."
"We're not leaving by plane, are we?"
"Not this time," Jason smirked
Phoebe didn't quite share his amusement but she relaxed in her seat resting her head on his shoulder. Jason held her close and nuzzled her. He would keep her safe. He had to.
***
They reached the pack territory late in the evening the following day avoiding larger towns whenever possible and stopping only for fuel and to change drivers. Phoebe had finally fallen and Jason had no desire to wake her. They kept watch for suspicious vehicles but didn't notice any tails. It appeared their shell game had worked. With a sigh Jason slid out of the SUV and gathered Phoebe in his arms.
Entering the packhouse Jason couldn't help but feel they were setting a strange precedent. This was the second time he carried Phoebe up to their room after fleeing a dangerous situation. Reaching the top floor he found it still quiet meaning most were likely asleep. They would greet the pups in the morning as a surprise since they originally planned to be gone a whole week.
Laying Phoebe down on the bed he gently removed her shoes before taking off his own and shrugging out of his jacket. Jason returned to the bed frowning. He really didn't want to disturb her rest but she would sleep more comfortably if she changed out of such warm clothes.
"Angel?" Jason leaned over her nuzzling her and found she seemed to be slightly feverish. "Angel?"
Phoebe mumbled in her sleep. He placed a hand on her forehead and noted her rising temperature. Even her face was getting a little flushed.
"Angel? Phoebe, are you all right?" Jason gently shook her wondering if he should call the doctor.
Werewolves rarely got sick. Their healing ability handled most things without displaying symptoms. When they did actually manifest symptoms it usually meant something serious was brewing.
It couldn't have been anything she ate. Only pack members prepared her meals and he ate the same things. He hadn't allowed her to touch anything at the princess's birthday celebration. The pack members made them sandwiches for their hurried departure though they purchased snacks on their occasional stops. Still, there was nothing unusual in that.
Phoebe had been anxious since the confrontation with the king. She had a big heart and hated anyone getting hurt on her account. He wouldn't put it past her to worry herself sick.
"Phoebe, angel, I need you to wake up for me," Jason urged.
She finally stirred forcing her eyes open. They seemed glazed over making him worry even more as he got her to sit up and removed her jacket. He peeled off her sweater to find her covered in a layer of sweat and her skin hot to the touch. She whimpered as the cool air hit her fevered body.
"Phoebe, are you all right? Angel?"
Her vacant gaze seemed to sharpen and she saw him for the first time. Suddenly, she grabbed him, smashing their lips together. Jason tried to protest wanting to call for a doctor but her tongue dove into his mouth, dominating his as her scent flared. He growled as its musk filled his lungs.
His own body temperature rose, and a possessive snarl burst out of him as she tore his shirt off, eager to feel his skin. He flung the rest of their clothes to the side, not caring if they were intact, before forcing her down on the bed. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. She growled presenting herself as he thrust into her. In all the times they mated he always took his time to pleasure her but now there was only one goal, one need: to claim her and fill her with his seed.
"Yes! Yes!" Phoebe gasped in ecstasy as he buried himself inside her. Her back arched, and she moved her hips to meet his as he thrust with increasing force. "Yes Jason! Yes! Faster!
More!"
Usually, she was rather quiet, seldom voicing anything more than demur moans, but now she practically howled. Her cries urged him to take her with everything he possessed until her body finally clenched milking him dry and filling her.
###Chapter 76
Jason groaned slowly stirring. His head pounded and every sound echoed painfully in his ears. Every inch of his body ached, even his hair if that were possible. His chest felt tight as if a weight rested on it. Forcing his eyes open he found the weight was quite literal
as Phoebe lay with her head pillowed on his chest.
Her dark hair spilled over his shoulder and her arm draped across his waist. She breathed deep and relaxed. Though he certainly didn't mind the view he wondered how late they had slept.
"Earth to Jason," Lucille's voice intruded. "Any survivors?"
Jason growled as his headache pinched, "Now is not a good time for humor. What time is it?"
"He lives!"
"Luce."
The link vibrated with her laughter, "It's almost one o'clock."
"What?! How could you let me sleep so late?! I have to organize patrols, increase security..."
"Relax! Already done and done. Luke increased patrols and the warriors are on high alert. Ben's making inquiries into the royal family and everything to do with silver wolves so relax."
Jason let out an uneasy sigh. He was glad things were being done but they shouldn't have let him sleep so long.
"By the way....I hope you are sitting down. We got back to the pack three days ago."
"Three days. It's been three days!! How?"
Lucille's mirth echoed through the link, "It's called a heat cycle, brother dear."
Jason's gaze widened as he recalled arriving at the packhouse and carrying Phoebe to bed. She felt like she had a fever. And then...
Oh...
That was three days ago? But how? He shifted his aching body. Did they mate again after that? How many times in three days? "Hey Jace, everything all right?"
"Yeah. I suppose. I remember getting back but not much after. Just snippets."
"Phoebe's heat probably triggered a rut," Lucille answered rather sagely. "Memory loss isn't uncommon, especially for your first time." Jason ran a hand through his hair.
"It's lucky your bedroom is soundproof. I can only image how badly our ears would have bled."
He groaned and felt his face warm at the thought.
"Mom and I have been sliding food trays under the door for you two. Your wolf definitely wasn't letting anyone near his Luna during her heat."
"Sorry."
"It's fine. But if you are coherent you probably want an actual meal. If it's safe shall I send up some?"
Jason's gaze shifted to Phoebe. He ran his fingers through her hair. She moaned softly, snuggling against him. She looked so peaceful he hated to wake her but if what Lucille said was true then she hadn't had a descent meal in three days and that he couldn't allow, especially now. "Give us another hour," Jason finally said. "Then send it up."
"Sure."
He couldn't help but hear her chuckle. With a sigh he turned his attention to Phoebe still sleeping peacefully, no doubt as unaware of the past three days as he was.
"Phoebe? Angel? You need to wake up, luv."
She sighed muttering unintelligibly as he nudged her. He shook her shoulder a little more forcefully trying to stir her awake. "Phoebe?"
Finally she raised her head groaning at the soreness that had settled throughout her body. Jason grimaced at her discomfort but movement would help. She slowly stretched looking up at him. "Jason?"
"Hello, angel," he cradled her close as he rolled so they lay facing each other. "How do you feel?" "Um...sore? What time is it?"
"One."
"One! In the afternoon?" Phoebe suddenly sat up only to whimper as a pain pierced her temple and she fell back down. Jason held her close allowing the bond to sooth her as he gently caressed her smooth curves. He didn't have to imagine the discomfort she felt as he was certain it mirrored his own.
"Take it easy, angel," Jason sighed. "There's more."
"More?"
"It's one o'clock three days after we arrived home."
"It's been three days?" Phoebe's brow furrowed trying to grasp the strands of memory just as he did. "How?"
"You went into heat as soon as we got back," Jason explained. "We've been in bed three days. It's finally done."
"Three days and we've been..." Pheobe's voice trailed off as she blushed. Three days of non-stop s*x? Is that what he was trying to say?
Jason chuckled kissing her forehead as his hand moved to caress her stomach, "That also means in all likelihood you are already carrying my pup."
Phoebe stiffened, her eyes going wide. That's right. Normally if a fated pair mated during a female's heat cycle they were practically guaranteed a pup. According to Máni their chances were a little different but she hadn't told him that bit of information yet. Looking at his heated gaze now she couldn't say it.
"Our pup," Phoebe finally corrected.
"Ours," he smiled and kissed her. "I'll get a bath running. Lucy is sending up dinner soon."
"Oh, well. I'm not..."
"No," Jason frowned. "No missing meals. You're eating for two now."
He kissed her again before rolling out of bed and heading to the bedroom. Phoebe watched him but her mind was concerned with other thoughts.
'Máni?'
'Yes?'
'Are you, okay?'
'Oh yes. Our Mates certainly know how to satisfy. I wouldn't mind another three days!
'What about, the other thing?'
'Other thing?'
'Jason thinks we might be pregnant.'
'After all that I should say so.
'But you said we'd only be fertile on the full moon, remember?'
'Sweetie, I don't know if you noticed but it was the full moon.
'It was?' Phoebe struggled to recall the princess's party. It had been overcast but she and Jason had gone on a moonlit run afterwards and the skies had been clear then. Yes. The moon had been full, or nearly so.
'I'd say the chances are ninety-nine point ninety-nine percent,' Máni snickered.
Phoebe felt her face warm all over again as her hands settled over her stomach.
'We'll know soon enough, Máni said. 'About a week or so.
'Right.
Early pregnancy tests could be inconclusive, but she-wolves generally sensed their pregnancies far sooner as their bodies prepared to carry the growing pup. About the time its heartbeat was audible their scent would change alerting their mate of their condition. Phoebe bit her lip caressing her stomach. She was pregnant. They were going to have a pup. It would be hers and Jason's. She couldn't believe it. The news simply wouldn't sink in.
"Ready, angel?"
She looked up to see Jason had returned. He smiled as he scooped her into his arms and carried her to the bath. Easing her into the warm water he joined her pulling her into his lap so she could lean against his chest before turning on the jets letting the warmth and bubbles ease their aches.
Phoebe sighed leaning against him. His hands caressed her stomach as his chest rumbled in pleasure. There was no mistaking his joy in the simple hope they would soon have a pup. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Thanks to Máni's assurance she knew it wasn't a false hope but what did that mean for the future and the conflict looming over them?
"This is probably the worst timing of worse timings," Phoebe said.
"Hmm? Are you thinking about the king again?" Jason asked. "Don't. I'll never let him touch you. I'll protect you and our pup, angel. I swear it."
"Just make sure you come home," Phoebe said as he held her. "You are important too. I don't want our pup growing up with only stories about you."
"I won't let that happen, angel. Promise."
Phoebe snuggled into his chest breathing in his scent and enjoying the strength of his embrace.
If the future was uncertain she would hold onto these moments. She wasn't sure what the Moon Goddess planned for them but it wouldn't tear them apart. They would find away to stay together. Their pack was strong, their love stronger.
###Chapter 77
Phoebe hesitantly stepped into the dining hall. Her face immediately warmed as the scant crowd turned their attention to her. By now most probably knew about the confrontation between her and the princess as well as the king's ultimatum. She hadn't even been among them for a year and she was already bringing danger to the pack. Yet as she studied their expressions she didn't see any resentment or anger. Rather they all seemed hopeful and happy. "Over here," Lucille waved.
Nervously Phoebe crossed the room and settled in the seat across from her sister and mother-in-laws. They both smiled with knowing grins making Phoebe's face heat up again.
"We were beginning to wonder if we were going to have to call the fire brigade," Lucille teased.
"S-sorry we worried you," Phoebe mumbled.
"Lucy," Norah admonished before reaching for Phoebe's hand. "How are you dear? Your first heat after being marked can be quite overwhelming especially with wolves as synced as yours and Jason's." "What do you mean?"
"When you are as in tune with your wolves as you two are they often come forward and, in some cases, take over. So don't be surprised if there are gaps in your memory."
"Oh." Phoebe nodded. Yes, she did notice her memory was a bit fragmented over the last few days and what she did remember blended together so it was impossible to separate one day from another. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. "Will all my heats be like that?" "Yes and no," Lucille shrugged. "This was your first and we're in the middle of a stressful situation so I'm sure that contributed to all the chaos. It probably won't be as overwhelming next time but with Jason being Mister Possessive Alpha, who knows?"
Phoebe nervously glanced around the room to see many were watching her. She didn't feel any hostility. They remained curious and eager as if waiting for her to give them some sort of command. "Why is everyone staring at me?"
"Because they all want to know if you're pregnant," Norah chuckled. "It's been almost twenty-five years since pups was born to a high-ranking wolf and this one will be an alpha so everyone is excited. Don't be surprised if they start following you around and offer to complete whatever mundane task they can for you."
"You'll never have to lift a finger again," Lucille chuckled.
"I don't need them to do that," Phoebe shook her head.
"That won't matter," Norah said, "you're their Luna, their very pregnant Luna. You'll be treated like a queen."
"I don't even know if I am."
"You will soon enough," Norah chuckled, "and Lucille isn't wrong. You will be waited on to ensure the pup develops properly so don't be surprised when the kitchen staff starts changing up your meals."
***
"He lives!" Ben exclaimed as Jason stepped into his office.
Jason growled as he faced his Beta and Gamma. One was bad enough and here both of them were waiting to ambush him. His cheeks tinged pink, "I suppose asking you two to drop it won't do any good." Luke rolled his eyes gesturing for him to sit, "Come on, Jace. Sit."
With a sigh Jason moved to the couch. Smirking Ben poured him a drink as they sat across from him. They shared amused looks at how uncomfortable their Alpha looked.
"So, how are you doing, really?" Luke finally asked.
Jason scrubbed his hands down his face. He suddenly lurched forward, grabbed his glass and downed it in one swig. "That well, huh?" Ben said as he refilled Jason's glass. "Come on, be honest. We know you adopted Blake and Emma and you've been honing those daddy skills. But really, what's it like knowing you have a bun in the oven, hmm?"
Jason sighed looking at his glass before he finally spoke, "I think it's the most electrifying and terrifying feeling in my life. I can't decide if it's the best or the worst timing."
He looked up at them his gaze reflecting his elation, fear and awe. It wasn't simply worry for the new pup. With the threat from the royal family hanging over them it was a much more complicated situation.
"Hey, take it easy," Luke reached over and squeezed his shoulder. "You're not alone. There isn't a single wolf in this pack who wouldn't lay down their life for their Luna. We'll all help you keep Phoebe safe."
Jason nodded letting out an uneasy breath.
"That's right," Ben agreed, "We should hear something soon."
"How soon?"
"Very. You know how my sister likes to work."
Jason nodded struggling to recall the she-wolf he hadn't seen in years. He remembered a rather serious woman who had very little time for young male antics, even if the male in question was her brother: or rather step-brother. Christina's mother, Dolores, had been part of a different pack. She was another nameless cog like Phoebe and, like Phoebe, had been mated to her alpha.
Rather than rejecting the mate he thought unworthy of him the alpha instead kept her chained in the pack's prison calling for her whenever he needed to satisfy himself. She was repeatedly raped and tortured for years, forced to endure his infidelity as he liked to keep multiple partners. Somehow she managed to conceive and give birth to Christina who grew up in the same prison cell her mother lived in.
When Christina turned ten her father set his sights on her ready to give her the same treatment as her mother. Despite her weakened state Dolores's protective instincts flared and she leapt to defend her daughter. He might have killed them both if Ramon, Jackson's Gamma, hadn't been touring the prison. Having only just lost his own mate in childbirth, he and his wolf became enraged.
After beating the alpha to within an inch of his life Ramon forced him to accept her rejection before sweeping both mother and daughter away and into the protection of Blue Moon's pack. It took months of patience and dedicated nursing to heal both mother and daughter. But the greatest balm for Dolores's wounds was an infant Ben who was in desperate need of a mother. In the end Ramon took Dolores as a chosen mate and fully accepted Christina as his own.
Though they were only chosen mates there was no denying the deep abiding love existing between them. Her previous abuse and malnutrition prevented them from having more pups but they devoted themselves to Christina and Ben. Ramon treated Christina like a princess and Dolores was the only mother Ben ever knew. They were so closely bonded most were surprised to learn the blended nature of their family.
Unfortunately the abuse Dolores suffered had lasting effects on her health. Her wolf was underdeveloped. She struggled with seasonal maladies and a weakened heart. Still she managed to hold on long enough to see both her children mated. Ramon followed shortly after unable to bear the loss of two mates.
Jason thought Christina took the loss of their parents much harder than Ben. She found it difficult to stay in the packhouse and the Gamma suite where so many memories dwelled. Instead she elected to travel, eventually becoming something of
a spy for Blue Moon. She had a wealth of contacts and informants at her disposal. If there was something she didn't know she knew how to find it.
Jason never asked Christina or her mate, Emily, how they got their information or why so many owed them favors. Some things he figured were best left unsaid.
"Jenny I've got your number, I need to make you mine, Jenny don't change your number, eight-six-seven-five-three-oh-nine! "the infamous eighties hit erupted from Ben's phone causing him to almost spill his drink.
"Really? That's your ringtone?" Luke scoffed.
"What? It's a classic."
Luke and Jason shared a look as he answered the phone.
"Chris? Hey, I've been waiting for your call. Yeah? Oh, wait. Jace is here. Let me put you on speaker," Ben tapped the screen and set the phone on the table. "Go ahead."
"Hey Mister Alpha, how are you doing?"
"Hi Chris, we missed you at the Luna Ceremony."
"Sorry about that. We couldn't get a flight out in time."
"Yeah, my mom rushed it so it could be on the blue moon."
"Sounds like her. How was it?"
"Eventful," Jason said not wanting to go into details. "So, Ben says you have news?"
"Straight to business. Right now Em and I are in Mercantour National Park chasing down a lead."
"Mercantour? Why there?"
"We picked up a rumor about the king consulting with witches."
Jason shared a confused look with Luke and Ben. Unlike vampires, werewolves and witches shared a more amicable history. While wolves praised the Moon Goddess, witches invoked a separate deity though they also recognized the Moon Goddess. During werewolf- vampire conflicts witches maintained a neutral stance though some covens openly supported wolves and a limited few vampires.
"I'm pretty sure I heard the king state how much he hates witches," Jason said with a frown. "Why would he consult with one?"
"Well, not our current king, one of his ancestors," Christina explained. "The problem is there is virtually no record of it outside of rumors which means it was considered top secret, if it's true. We think we might have found the coven though."
"I see. What about silver wolves?"
"I'll let Em explain that."
"Hey Alpha," a new voice chirped.
"Em."
"So I've been through just about every book on lore and history I could find and...nothing." "Nothing?"
"That's right, or just about. I've found maybe two or three references to silver wolves. I mean we know they exist and that they are rare but almost nothing else aside from the prophecy of doom thing. Which is super weird, right? You would think that if there is a wolf out there that is going to bring about the end of werewolf society we would know everything about them."
"So, we're at square one," Luke sighed.
"Not quite. Remember the old saying history is written by the winners? The problem with history book is whoever writes them has a bias which skews their perspective. Anyway, let me ask you this... who writes werewolf history?" Jason's brow furrowed sensing where she was going.
"New Moon," Emily supplied the answer they expected. "I have a feeling they've been hiding the truth about silver wolves. The question is why?"
"So how do we find out the answer?" Luke asked.
"You can ask them. They want to meet you, you and Luna."
Jason let out a growl.
"Jace, it might be the only way we get answers," Ben reminded. "What are their conditions?"
"Only that they can talk to both of them. We can choose the time and place and any conditions you want to impose. What do you think, Alpha?"
###Chapter 78
Luna Kleio stepped out of the SUV smiling at the warrior who had accompanied her across Blue Moon's border. He acknowledged her with a nod but remained on alert. Her driver had also been rather anxious constantly checking mirrors and monitoring the road after picking her up in neutral territory.
It made her rather nervous but also comforted. There was no doubt in her mind the alertness was due to the threat posed against their Luna. Kleio was glad Blue Moon's Alpha was taking the safety of his mate so seriously. If not she had been prepared to insist Phoebe return with her to New Moon where they could protect her.
She followed the warrior to the front door where Beta Luke waited for her. With a stiff smile he escorted her inside. It had been years since she last set foot in Blue Moon's packhouse, not since she was nineteen. Her father sent her to visit for a summer as a way of strengthening their ties, though it was mostly to see if she and Jason were mates. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. She didn't know who was more disappointed more by the revelation they weren't: her father or his, but it turned out all right in the end. Kleio certainly wouldn't trade Hymen for anyone in the world and she knew Jason felt the same way given how devoted he was to Phoebe.
Luke brought her to the office entering without knocking. Jason sat at his desk but immediately stood to greet her, "Kleio." "Jason," Kleio nodded.
"Have a seat," Jason gestured to the couch and chairs.
She sank onto the couch as he sat across from her. Studying him she noticed his pensive expression. Kleio briefly wondered if he was recalling their brief history or if it was the future that concerned him more. Probably the latter.
Jason studied the Luna in front of him. At one point his father hoped they would be mates. It seemed like ages ago. He barely remembered it to be honest but he did firmly recall the princess's birthday celebration. Phoebe and Kleio got along rather famously, discussing all sorts of history and once again reminding Jason just how well-read his Luna was.
But even more important was how Kleio stepped forward to defend Phoebe when the king practically demanded her head. That took courage and he was grateful she spoke with such ease.
"I never got the chance to thank you for what you did," Jason finally spoke, "for standing up for Phoebe."
"Oh," Kleio blushed, "you don't have to thank me for that. It was the right thing to do."
"Still, it couldn't have been easy in a room full of alphas and the king."
Kleio snorted, "The king doesn't have much of an aura. He couldn't command a Chihuahua."
"I've noticed," Jason smirked. "Still, thank you."
"I only told the truth," Kleio shrugged though pleased with his gratitude.
Before either said more, Luke opened the door allowing Phoebe to enter carrying a serving tray loaded with a tea setting and small cookies. Jason was on his feet immediately as she approached and set the tray down.
"I thought we could use some refreshments," Phoebe said as she poured.
"Oh, you don't have to," Kleio tried to protest.
"Nonsense, how do you take your tea?"
"Oh, ah, milk is fine."
Phoebe nodded adding milk to her cup before handing it to her. She offered Jason a cup but he declined. With a note of exasperation she made her own cup. Before she could move to sit Jason tugged her into his lap. "Jason," Phoebe protested making sure she didn't spill her tea.
"It's fine," Kleio chuckled, "I think your Alpha needs the reassurance you are close and safe."
Phoebe felt her face warm even as she leaned against him. Ever since her heat ended three days ago he had been more attentive than ever. She still hadn't confirmed her potential pregnancy but that didn't dampen his, or the pack's, enthusiasm. "Oh! This is excellent," Kleio exclaimed sipping her tea.
"Thank you," Phoebe smiled, "my mother loved tea. She said making it was an art."
"She wasn't wrong," Kleio sighed. After another sip she set down the cup choosing her next words carefully. "What do you know about Lycans?"
Jason raised an eyebrow. This certainly wasn't the line of questioning he expected. He thought the Luna wanted to talk about silver wolves. Why was she suddenly concerned about Lycans?
"They were our ancestors," Phoebe said.
"Predecessors, not ancestors," Kleio corrected, "but yes. They were the first children of the Moon Goddess. When they shifted they were humanoid beasts with wolf heads and tails. I imagine they looked quite grotesque but like us they received the Goddess's blessing of increased strength and speed especially under the moon."
Kleio paused gauging her audience. Phoebe was naturally intrigued though Jason seemed confused. He probably had no idea where Kleio was going but that was the nature of history. One needed to start at the beginning.
"But that's where the similarities ended," Kleio said. "Their beasts didn't have consciousnesses of their own like our wolves. They were pure instinct. They also didn't have fated mates. Since they valued strength they naturally sought out the strongest mates. They maintained a deeply stratified society with a king at the top and omegas below. The different statuses didn't mingle or interact let alone mate. They also regularly challenged each other in fights to the death over mates they believed were rightfully theirs." Phoebe nodded. It was the basis for the laws that pervaded today and allowed the princess to challenge her in the first place. She couldn't help but think a change was long overdue.
"Lycans lived between two hundred and two hundred-fifty years so they were never very fertile and they didn't have heat cycles so pups were never a given. Not surprisingly this led to many switching partners in hopes of conception," Kleio continued, "eventually new kinds of Lycan's were born: the so-called beastless.
"Lycan beasts were awakened from the moment they were born but a few were born as weak as humans without beasts. These few were looked down on as inferior and some killed outright. The few that survived had beasts that awakened as they matured. And their beasts weren't just base instincts. They were true pieces of their souls and a living consciousness within them.
"As you might guess they were the first werewolves. Of course there was some disappointment when they shifted into actual wolves. They were naturally smaller than Lycan beasts but much faster with senses uniquely honed and superior to their predecessors. And they could mindlink with each other. Even so they were viewed as weak and treated as mistakes or slaves. Many left Lycan society all together escaping into the forest to live as wolves. Until the next vampire war. "The vampires attacked unexpectedly and almost overran the Lycan defenses. Werewolves who were much quicker turned the tide of battle led by a particularly ferocious she-wolf: Kirke Gabris. As special recognition she was brought in front of the ruling Lycan Prince Enlil. As soon as he came in front of her he caught the most delicious smell."
***
"Mate," Kirke said as soon as the Prince stood in front of her. There was no mistaking the intoxicating scent: pungent, musky salvia and almost elusively spicy saffron. Her gray eyes swirled silver as her wolf pressed close eager to meet the mate it had been longing for.
"What?" Prince Enlil asked his nostrils flaring at the scent of lemon and slightly sweet fennel filling his nose. What was that intoxicating smell? Was it emanating from this petite beastless shifter?
"Mate," she said again. "You're mine and I'm yours. The Goddess declares it." "What?"
"Your scent. You smell it too, don't you? You can feel the bond calling out to your beast."
Enlil shifted uncomfortably. His beast did feel off trying to push closer to her as if drawn by a leash. All around them his warriors watched in confusion. He felt the pressure of their unasked questions. It just wasn't possible.
Standing in front of him was the most beautiful female he ever laid eyes on. She was petite and far paler than the dark, olive tone skin of the Lycan's around her, unmated Lycan males. Enlil had the sudden urge to crush her in his arms and protect her from the other males. He wanted her body against his, to lick every inch of her and fill her with his quickly hardening member. What were these thoughts?
He shook his head, scowling, "Impossible. I would never mate with such a weak creature."
"Are you rejecting the Goddess's gift?" her gaze suddenly became stone-cold gray.
"Of course I am!" he snapped.
"Then say the words," her gaze seemed to darken as if daring him.
Enlil licked his lips at her challenge. He could hardly back down now, "I reject..."
"Your full name and title," she snarled.
"I, Enlil Karalis, Prince of Lycans, reject you Kirke Gabris as my mate," he growled before suddenly doubling over as a sharp pain pierced his chest. The bond that had begun to form shattered and his beast wailed in pain.
"I, Kirke Gabris, accept your rejection," Kirke said calmly and quietly. Her wolf whimpered but they refused to beg for a mate unworthy of them. "Congratulations, your Highness, you have turned your back on the Goddess and she will no longer aid you. The moon will never give you strength again. You will never be whole. And your name will go down in history...as the last Lycan Prince. Enjoy your twilight."
She spun on her heels and headed for the door, her intoxicating scent swirling around her. His beast whimpered in longing and agony. "S-stop her," Enlil groaned. He would break that pride and make her beg for him.
One of his warriors reached to grab her but she was quicker, lashing out. Her strikes were like lightning as she struck pressure points and brought them to their knees. Goddess, did she know how sexy she was as she took them out with such ease and grace? One of his warriors managed to shift into its beast form and lunged for her. Enlil briefly panicked imaging her body impaled on razor sharp claws. Instead she dropped to all fours shifting into a shining silver wolf. He stared in wonder at the beauty of her shimmering coat.
She avoided her attacker with ease leaping up to grip his throat with her jaws, tossed him aside and into the door which flew open. Her way now open she spared the prince a single glance before darting off into the night. Enlil stumbled to the door desperate to call her back as her mournful howl echoed around him.
###Chapter 79
"Prince Enlil never saw her again," Kleio said. "Records indicate he chased every mention of a silver wolf hoping to find her but she was a ghost flitting from one battlefield to another. And her words proved correct. The prince never conceived an heir with any of his bed partners. In fact, no Lycan did. And they also lost their strength. The moon no longer enhanced their auras or attributes."
"So sad," Phoebe leaned against Jason as he hugged her close.
"As he neared the end of his life with no heirs in sight Enlil called for a tournament to find the strongest Lycan to be his successor."
Enlil sipped his glass of ouzo trying to savor the flavor he had always loved but it was a hollow taste. Now it reminded him of her: her pale skin; shimmering silver-gray eyes; and her beast, or wolf. The thought made his beast whimper. It was the only thing it seemed capable of doing even after twenty years. What's more his strength and aura had waned since that day. He could barely muster the energy to shift anymore but he wasn't the only one weakening.
In twenty years not one Lycan pup had been born. Lycans were never very fertile but not one pup in twenty years was unheard of. Making matters worse, vampire attacks were on the rise. They were whittling the away at the Lucan's numbers. There were barely a hundred left.
On the other hand the werewolves, or just wolves, as they called themselves were rising in numbers. The Moon Goddess not only blessed them with speed but also enhanced fertility. In twenty years they had more than quadrupled their numbers. In addition they seemed to have a new ability, telepathy. They called it mind linking, allowing them to communicate and coordinate even over great distance.
On the battlefield their hunting howls preceded their arrival and they swept in like an incoming tide. If one fell under attack and was overwhelmed two or three others would answer its call and come to its aid. When the battle was over the wolves withdrew with the same speed as they arrived barely glancing at the Lycans.
Every battle Enlil strained to glimpse his silver goddess. He followed every rumor of a silver wolf but he never saw her no matter how much he longed for her. And now he felt his end coming. Her words had cut him deep but the truth was settling in his bones. He would never sire an heir but maybe he wouldn't be the last Lycan prince.
He made his way to the arena where twenty warriors were gathered to complete to be his successor. With only a hundred Lycans left twenty was more than he expected. After a few brief words he took his seat and watched the tournament. One warrior in particular soon caught his attention.
Rather short for a Lycan warrior, he was fast taking out his opponents quickly and decisively. Enlil was not surprised when the warrior ended up in the finals and even less surprised when he won. While the others licked their wounds Enlil approached the victor. "That was an amazing show of..." Enlil's voice trailed off as he caught the faint spicy-sweet smell of fennel.
The warrior turned and Enlil found himself staring into very familiar silver-gray eyes. His brow furrowed in confusion. Was he finally going insane?
"Hello, your Highness," the warrior said, "my mother sends her regards."
"... Your mother?"
"After you rejected her she found her second chance mate," the warrior told him. "But you wouldn't know anything about the Goddess's gifts." "Kirke..." Enlil whispered the name he often cried out in his sleep.
The warrior smirked turning toward the exit.
"W-wait."
The warrior paused with a sneer, "You never deserved her. I only came here to keep her promise. You will be the last Lycan prince."
***
"So she found her second chance mate and had pups," Phoebe smiled softly. "But I still don't understand how silver wolves become a harbinger of chaos."
"Well, that is a trick of history," Kleio said. "Lycan's were already weakening and her appearance only hastened their demise but it nonetheless set it in stone. And it wasn't just her."
"There are other silver wolves?"
"One other. You are only the third silver wolf to exist," Kleio said. "The second silver wolf appeared a few thousand years after the first. At the time wolves kept to their own packs and had no central leadership. Vampires were less of a threat but still something for us to fear. When werewolves weren't fighting them they were declaring war on each other. She helped organize the packs under a hierarchy which eventually led to the formation of the royal pack. Of course, she nearly caused a war to do so but there are only a few records from that time so her story is rather incomplete."
Phoebe sighed. So she was only the third silver wolf? Were they really so rare?
"From what I've been able to gather silver wolves appear when the Moon Goddess wishes to correct us," Kleio said, "Kirke appeared when the Lycans were practically killing themselves off. Eris appeared when we were poised at each other's throats fighting for dominance."
"So what about now?" Phoebe asked. "What am I supposed to be doing?"
"That I can't tell you," Kleio said, "although I do have a thought. We all know how many wolves are taking chosen mates instead of their fated ones as well as the rise in rogue attacks. Since silver wolves appear in times of turmoil I'd say one or both of those issues is why you have appeared now."
Jason's embrace tightened as he growled at the thought of Phoebe not being his mate.
"I mean, in addition to your mate, of course," Kleio chuckled.
Phoebe pondered everything she had learned. Yes, she supposed she could see why silver wolves were labeled agents of upheaval if their emergence brought such drastic change. But it seemed chaos already existed before they appeared. In fact, it seemed silver wolves brought things back into balance. Why then were they known as chaos bringers?
'Not a clue,' Máni stirred from her own contemplation.
'Are you sure you don't have an idea?'
'Not my area.
'Is there anything you do know?"
'Our time is nearly here.
'Time for us to do what?'
'I'm not sure.' 'Máni.
'It's not like I have all the answers. It's just a feeling I have, like when I cautioned against showing ourselves in our old pack. It's not like I knew the royal family would react that way when we showed ourselves!
'I wonder why the king hates us so much!
'Maybe our new friend knows?'
"Do you have any idea why the king is so vindictive toward me?" Phoebe asked. "If a silver wolf established the royal family wouldn't he be grateful?"
"That's a good question," Kleio agreed. "I don't have an answer for that."
Phoebe sighed but she supposed she could hardly expect less. The situation seemed a lot more complicated now than when she didn't know anything. Jason nuzzled her sensing her disquiet. He was desperate to reassure her. They would find their answers together. She smiled at him allowing his comfort to ease her worries. That's right. She wasn't alone. They would be together, always. That was why Máni waited so long to reveal herself. But what did the rest of it mean? How was she supposed to know what to do? "Can I ask you some questions?" Kleio asked.
"Of course," Phoebe nodded.
"Your wolf, what is she like? I mean, is she like other wolves?"
"I'm not sure how to answer that," Phoebe said, "she's the only wolf I have. If you want to know if she is some great mystical sage, no. I'd say she has a greater connection to other wolves, like how I can tell rejected wolves, even years afterwards. In fact, she seems to have a great concern for rejected wolves but I don't know if it's because if that is part of her purpose or because we were rejected."
"Why assume it's one or the other?" Kleio asked. "If you and your wolf are here for a purpose then it stands to reason all of your experiences contribute to it in some way."
Phoebe considered that. She supposed she was thinking about it the wrong way. Máni described their rejection as a trial to prove themselves worthy but maybe it was an experience for them to gain empathy and wisdom.
"So, safe to assume the Goddess doesn't speak to you?" Kleio said with a note of disappointment.
"I'm afraid not," Phoebe shook her head. Sometimes Máni had surprising insights but nothing that pointed to direct communication.
'Should we tell her about your resistance to silver and wolfsbane?'
'No. Definitely not.'
'You don't trust her?'
'I don't think she is malicious but I don't think she'll keep this information to herself and the less others know about us, the better! 'Then telling her about our pup is definitely out.
'Definitely."
'Can you feel it yet?'
'Not just yet.
"I'm sorry I couldn't give you more answers," Kleio said after a moment.
"It's all right. It's more information than we had but it does raise the question why none of this is in our history books," Phoebe said.
"Actually, I can tell you that," Kleio announced. "Several generations ago the king ordered all history of silver wolves destroyed and purged all books mentioning them. New Moon hid copies and prevented them from being destroyed. Knowledge and history is our pack's preview."
Jason and Phoebe shared a confused look. Just what was the royal family trying to hide?
###Chapter 80
Prince Nolan scowled as he entered his bedroom to see a female lying in his bed. With a growl he seized her by the hair and kicked her out with a snarl as a maid brought him some tea. Keeping her eyes downcast she arranged it on his table preparing a cup. Nolan's nose wrinkled in disgust. Would his father never stop meddling? He waited until the maid had left before pouring the tea down the drain.
For years his father had been obsessed with having several heirs to carry on the glory of the royal line. When his first mate couldn't provide more than one he moved on to a new one. Nolan had no idea how his mother tolerated him but after what he did to her first mate perhaps she felt she had no choice. She never said as much but Nolan had serious doubts the king was his biological father yet he had enough sense of self-preservation not to ask.
Achan was the elder prince and Selena the princess. Between them there was more than enough drama to keep anyone busy. As long as Nolan kept his head down the king was content to ignore him. All that changed after Selena shifted. Suddenly his father had a vested interested in his love life.
Nolan wasn't sure why. Something seemed to be gnawing at the king. He was distracted during meetings asking strange questions. At least they seemed strange at the time. Silver wolves, he always wanted to know about silver wolves. Had any been seen? Were there rumors about unusual happenings?
Nolan couldn't decide what was stranger, his father's preoccupation with some mythical wolf or his complete lack of attention toward Selena. Ever since she was born he catered to her, spoiled her...until the day she shifted and revealed herself. White wolves were a rare spectacle but the king hadn't been delighted in the slightest. In fact he flew into a rage. Afterwards he started his unusual inquiries.
Silver wolves.
Why silver wolves?
Nolan thought he was crazy until he saw her: an actual silver wolf. She wasn't anything like he imagined.
The petite werewolf in Jason's arms hadn't really attracted his notice. She seemed pleasant enough but that hardly mattered in a room full of harpies. It was lucky she was in Jason's company or else she would not have an easy time. But why was she in his company? Nolan certainly wasn't prepared for Jason's announcement. He had found his fated mate and the petite she-wolf was it. They could practically hear a pin drop the same time Selena's mouth did. She pursued him for so long only for this strangely pale she-wolf to snatch him away. Selena walked away only to fume as she danced staring at the petite, unassuming she-wolf with such a coveted spot.
Nolan, on the other hand, was secretly happy for Jason. He knew how long the latter searched for his fated mate. Watching Jason as he escorted his Luna it was clear how much he cherished her but that meant nothing to Selena who had been raised to never accept anything less than she deserved. The problem was she thought she deserved things she didn't.
To tell the truth, Nolan always felt sorry for Jason once his sister set his sights on him. If the Alpha ever accepted the princess for a mate he was certain to regret it. Luckily Jason's disinterest couldn't have been more apparent. And his love for his Luna even more so. Nolan thought his sister would finally admit Jason was out of reach but of course she couldn't, but even he didn't expect her to actually challenge the other for her Luna title.
When Jason's Luna shifted into a silver wolf, Nolan thought he was dreaming. By the look on Jason's face it was clear he hadn't expected it either. She was gorgeous and practically glowed in the moonlight. Seeing an actual silver wolf Nolan wondered why others made such a big deal about white wolves. His sister was nothing in comparison and Jason's Luna quickly proved it by tossing her like a ragdoll.
Nolan sighed as he stepped out of the shower. The look on his father's face was definitely something to behold: surprise, outrage, disgust, hatred...pure hatred. He shivered just thinking about it.
He never saw his father like that before. Nolan had actually been afraid. His father's hatred was second only to Jason's absolute dominance and protectiveness. Jason swooped in and carried his Luna away without hesitation daring the king to try and stop him. His father wilted and didn't dare stand in his way. As soon as Jason's aura withdrew the king's rage was uncontainable. He ordered everyone out and stormed off. Selena was a whimpering mess but Nolan could hardly bother with her. He was far more worried about his father who was unpredictable when he was enraged.
Achan thought it was hilarious but then he thought everything was funny. Nolan was nervous. He didn't know what to expect. Mercifully their father backed down from Jason's challenge and left the party quietly. Nolan briefly thought it would blow over. Then he learned the delta warriors had been sent out to recon Blue Moon's estate. It seemed his father wasn't planning to simply let her go after all.
Jason; however, was prepared. The spotters were dealt with decisively and the delta teams wasted the entire night chasing decoys while Jason and his Luna quietly slipped away. Nolan couldn't help but admire Jason's foresight. They still didn't know exactly where the pair had gone but Nolan was ready to put money down they managed to return to their pack's territory. Blue Moon could play defense knowing full well the royal pack didn't have the strength to attack them and no pack would dare set themselves against Blue Moon.
Nolan sighed stepping out of the shower and tying a towel around his waist. There were too many unknowns and he didn't know how any of this would play out. The king was getting more neurotic and unpredictable. Meanwhile Nolan's siblings played their little games and he had no answers as to why a silver wolf was so important. But somehow he knew she was. Stepping into his bedroom he found a she-wolf once again lounging on his bed. She smiled displaying her assets prominently beckoning him closer. Nolan slowly approached reaching the edge of the bed where her legs draped tantalizingly over and displayed her most intimate anatomy. Lazily she sat up to stroke his chest.
"I know that tea would help you relax," she smiled.
"It would have...if I drank it," Nolan answered before seizing her neck and cutting off her air.
She gasped in surprise, clawing at his hand but she was defenseless as he gripped tighter until she finally went limp. Releasing her he watched her crumple like a marionette whose strings were cut. Would his father never stop? "Everything all right?" the voice of his Beta intruded.
"Sure. Except my father is playing his games again."
"I'll be right up."
A few minutes later there was a knock at the door and his beta entered. Corwin was the son of their father's Beta and they had grown up together. When his father declared he and Achan should have assistants as well Corwin was a natural choice. It also made it easier to keep him close and off his father's radar.
"So, special tea and playmate," Corwin said surveying the bed.
"Yeah."
Nolan rubbed his temple fending off a headache that was ever present when his father played his games. With a gentle smile Corwin moved closer cupping his face before kissing him deeply. Nolan moaned as their tongues fought for dominance in an erotic dance he wished they could complete but it was too much of a risk. If his father ever found out... but how he longed to claim what was rightfully his.
"Better?" Corwin smiled.
"No," Nolan shook his head. "This is all wrong. My brother spends his time torturing she-wolves for kicks, my sister either pines for what doesn't belong to her or she's zonked out of her mind on wolfsbane, my father is raging after some mythical wolf that happens to be real and I can't claim what is mine."
"It's all sorts of wrong," Corwin nodded reluctantly moving away to wrap the dead she-wolf in the sheets like a burrito to mask her form as best he could and dispose of her without drawing attention. "Did you find anything?"
"Aside from that rumor about your great-great-grandfather consulting with a witch? No."
"No clue why?"
"No. There is no official record," Corwin shook his head, "just a flight manifest and mention of a trip. Obviously, he didn't want to leave any evidence." "You pass on that information?"
"Yeah. Hopefully they can make better use of it than I can."
Nolan nodded sitting down at his small breakfast table. Corwin hefted the rolled up bedding onto his shoulder and headed for the door.
"Sorry for making you clean this up."
"I'm your Beta, it's my job. Don't worry. This can't go on forever."
"That's what I'm afraid of," Nolan grimaced watching his mate leave. With a sigh he stood and headed back to the bathroom.
In moments the maids would enter to remake his bed and he could finally get some much needed sleep. Or so he hoped. He couldn't help but think the end was coming and he had no idea how it would fall out.
###Chapter 81
Camilla sank into the diner booth warming her hands with the cup of coffee in front of her. She wasn't even sure where she was anymore. Ever since Winter Moon's Luna Ceremony she had been wandering without direction. It was impossible for her to remain in the pack with that lanky b***h acting all high and mighty. How could life be so cruel to her? One moment she was the envy of every she-wolf hanging off the arm of an alpha and now here she was with hardly a duffle bag to her name. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. When she left she had taken every bit of jewelry from her room before she was forced to vacate the Alpha floor. William wouldn't even look at her or spare her a moment of his time as he waited on his new Luna. And it was that gray-eyed b***h's fault. If not for her William would have taken her for a mate and she would have been Winter Moon's beloved Luna.
And now? Some lanky, beanpole was Luna. Camilla had no idea where such a flat twig came from or how she so easily won over William to get him to claim her but it simply wasn't fair. She was the one who put in years of hard work. That place was meant for her, she earned it. But no. That gray-eyed wench just had to get her nose involved.
Where did that leave her? A laughing stock, unable to show her face to any wolf.
"Someone looks like they are having a hard time."
Camilla stiffened looking up as another woman sat across from her. The redhead was definitely a wolf. The fine lines around her eyes not quite covered by concealer indicated she was at least middle-age for werewolves, perhaps in her sixties. Her aura was definitely sharpened by experience.
"Did I say you could join me?" Camilla sneered. Though the other's aura spoke of experience it wasn't particularly potent indication they were probably not ranked.
"Seems to me you need all the friends you can get," the other said with a smirk.
"And who said we were friends?" Camilla warily eyed her.
"We might not be but we do have a shared enemy... Blue Moon's Luna."
Camilla tried not to flinch but the smile on the other she-wolf's face showed she failed. Glancing around the diner she dropped her voice, "And what would you know about it?"
"I know you lost your chance at being Luna because of her. Because of her, you were scorned and humiliated. Don't you want a chance at evening the score?"
"What's it to you? What did she do to you?" Camilla asked.
"That's for me and my benefactor to know."
"Benefactor?"
"That's right. He has a vested interest in Blue Moon and he pays very well," the she-wolf said taking a out a small card and pushing it toward her. "If you accept his offer follow the instructions on this card and wait for him to contact you." Camilla glanced at the card nearly choking on her coffee, "There? Why there?"
"Now is not the time to be asking questions. If you want answers you'll do as you're told. Or you can keep wandering around until your money runs out," the she-wolf smirked and stood. "The choice is yours."
Flipping back her hair the she-wolf departed as suddenly as she appeared leaving Camilla to consider her options. Leaving the diner the redhead turned down an ally and found a sedan waiting for her. She slid into the passenger seat not looking at the driver or the passenger in the back.
"Did you deliver the offer?" the passenger in the back asked. Though he was shrouded in shadow a wolf's vision wouldn't have much difficulty seeing his features, which was why the she-wolf kept her gaze straight ahead.
"I did, but do we really need her? She doesn't appear particularly bright."
"Pawns don't need to be bright."
The she-wolf nodded.
"As for your next assignment, you are sure you can get in without raising alarm?"
"Of course. I still carry the pack scent."
"Good. You know what to do."
The driver slowly removed a small bag from his coat pocket and handed it to her without looking at her. Sniffing it, the she-wolf looked at the contents to see a mixture and dried herbs.
"This will do the job?"
"Of course. Even an alpha cannot resist. He'll be putty in your hands. Once his Luna feels the pains of his betrayal she'll come running straight into my arms. That is, if you are sure you have no qualms about it."
"Of course not, I've been waiting to take them down a few notches, him and his mother," the she-wolf growled. "And I'm curious. I want to see just how much like dear daddy he really is."
"Have as much fun with him as you like, just get the job done, Delilah."
"Of course," the she-wolf nodded before exiting.
She walked past the vehicle and turned down another street to where her own car waited. A devilish smile spread on her features as she set the bag of herbs in the passenger seat beside her.
It had been a long time since she left home unable to remain in a pack that failed to support her and an alpha that abandoned her all because his Luna appeared. She was the one who had been there on his lonely nights, not that ungrateful cow. And yet he thought nothing to go running to the mate who could barely stand him.
How was that fair?
What was the Moon Goddess even thinking?
Why were her efforts never acknowledged?
So she left the pack seeking solace elsewhere since the one she hoped to be her mate abandoned her. Delilah kept in touch with a few friends she left behind, at least until they found their fated mates.
At first they sympathized with her about the unfairness of the whole situation. But once they were mated they also turned their backs on her claiming nothing was better than finding their fated mates. They claimed it would all make sense when she found hers as if that was even possible.
She never told them she already met hers when she was eighteen. He was an omega. She was already dating the Alpha, how could she possibly accept such a downgrade? Later, she heard he took his own life unable to bear the pain of the rejection. It didn't matter to her in the least. At least now her wolf would finally be silent.
She figured it was only a matter of time before Jackson took her as his chosen mate as months then years went by and his fated mate never appeared. Instead he took others to his bed, one after another. Even so she knew he would come back to her, after all, they had grown up together.
Then his mate finally appeared. He was so smitten with her even though she was cold and aloof. Delilah heard rumors she caught him with another she-wolf at their first meeting and he was trying to make up for it. Cackling with glee Delilah waited for the arrogant she-wolf to leave.
But she didn't. And Jackson continued to curry her favor. It was ridiculous. When another of his bed partners suggested they take matters into their own hands Delilah immediately agreed. She thought their Luna would be an easy target but she had put up a surprisingly good fight even outnumbered.
They finally overwhelmed her and Delilah was all too happy to take her frustrations out on her. They might have even killed her if the Gamma didn't suddenly arrive. He flew into a rage and tore into all of them, snapping limbs and tossing them like ragdolls before ordering them all to be taken to the prison without so much as a thought to getting them medical attention. His only concern was for the Luna who he swept up and rushed to the pack hospital.
She didn't know how long they languished in their cells in excruciating pain as their wolves struggled to heal them. When Jackson finally returned she expected justice instead she met his cold rage. He took his time with each of them forcing them to yield to their Luna or be cast out as rogues. They had no choice but to accept.
Norah had been given the finest care and appointed guards. They never had another opportunity and the others were content to keep their heads down. She bore the humiliation as long as she could but the Luna Ceremony was the final straw. Delilah couldn't take it anymore and put in a request to travel.
At first she thought Jackson would , convince her to stay, but he didn't. He barely even looked at her when she presented the paperwork. Signing it without a word he didn't even wish her a fair trip in his hurry to return to his Luna's side.
It was galling but what could she do? The final nail was when she learned the birth of his heir. It was salt in her wound. She never thought the day would come that she would be able to exact retribution.
Then he showed up just when she had all but given up hope. Delilah didn't know how he found out about her or her past with Jackson but he seemed to know quite a bit. And he finally offered her the one thing she wanted most: revenge.
At first all he asked for was information. She was actually getting bored with their arrangement until a few days ago when he proposed their next move. She hadn't been this excited in a long time. Finally! She was going to make that b***h regret ever taking Jackson away from her!
###Chapter 82
"Are we there yet?" Christina asked even as she carefully maneuvered the jeep down the narrow access road. "Almost," Emily said.
"How many kilometers in almost?" Christina asked. "And are we going to drive off the edge of the world before then?"
Emily snorted shaking her head. Christina was always so impulsive and impatient. Secretly Emily thought it was her alpha blood that made her so impetuous. She would never say so aloud as any mention of Christina's birth father almost always ended with an argument. Christina only acknowledged her one father: Gamma Ramon.
Emily could hardly blame her. Of the two, Ramon was definitely the winner. Even so, she didn't think it was wise to ignore her past. It was like a silent killer slowly gnawing at her. Emily wished she would talk about it or at least scream about it once and awhile. "We're here," Emily announced as the jeep rolled to a stop in front of an old, decrepit gate.
"Good guess," Christina huffed.
Cutting off the engine they stepped out and walked up to the rotting gate. An old, weathered sign hung from the top rail. The words barely legible: Parque Nacional de Mercantour.
"I think we made a wrong turn," Christina studied the forest around them.
"What turn?" Emily chuckled. "No. This is the right place."
"What place? There is nothing here but trees and more trees." Christina scoffed gesturing to the coniferous forest surrounding them. A slow mist rolled through giving it an ethereal feel but there was nothing mysterious or unusual about that at this elevation. "Didn't you pay attention to your cryptid lessons?" Emily admonished.
Christina rolled her eyes. Though most packs made use of human schools for their primary education, they also supplemented it with lessons within the pack. Most of these lessons consisted of werewolf history and biology as well as information on other supernatural beings many of which humans still believed to be myths despite the truth of the ones they knew existed. It was strange that humans knew werewolves and vampires were real but still thought yetis and dragons were mythical. "Yeah, yeah," Christina sighed leaning against the grill of the jeep. "We shift into wolves and vampires become bats."
"First of all, vampire can't shape shift into bats or anything else for that matter," Emily said leaning on the gate. "They can cast a glamour over themselves to change their appearance." Christina rolled her eyes.
"Second, witches protect their covens by casting barriers to prevent them from being seen or sensed."
"So, there's a barrier?"
"Yep," Emily nodded. "You can feel it like static electricity. It makes the hair on your arm stand on end."
Christina looked at her arm rolling up her sleeve.
"You can also smell it, ozone," Emily tapped her nose.
The signs were subtle and easily overlooked but obvious when you knew what to look for. She doubted a human would pick up on it given their inferior senses and rampant skepticism.
"So if there's a barrier how do we get in?" Christina asked.
"We don't...not without a guide unless you know how to manipulate energy fields."
Christina sighed. In other words, they needed a guide. Aloud, she asked, "How do we get a guide?"
"We wait until they invite us in."
"I hate waiting."
"I know."
Emily chuckled while Christina scowled. Her face was warm but she wouldn't acknowledge the good-natured embarrassment. It was one of the things she loved most about Emily. No matter what situation they were in she always had a quick wit and knew how to find the humor.
Christina glanced around unnerved by the strange silence. Turning back to Emily she suddenly stiffened and growled. Emily looked over her shoulder to see a young woman standing in the middle of the path beyond the gate.
She was no judge of human ages but the woman looked to be in her thirties or forties. Her long black hair was braided to the side and her clothing was homespun and colorfully dyed. An amulet hung from her neck and the smell of herbs wafted around her. "Ah, hi," Emily greeted, "we're.."
"Here to see our Reverend Mother. She's been expecting you. Follow me."
The hesitated as the unknown woman turned and walked back the way she came. When they didn't follow she paused and looked back at them. "You're wolves, aren't you? Surely you know how to heel."
Christina growled earning a nudge from Emily. They ducked under the gate and caught up to their guide who turned around and continued on the path.
The air grew heavier and the mist thickened. Christina shivered with the uncomfortable feeling of being closed in. She hated small spaces. When she was little her mother often stuffed her under the cot to keep her out of sight from her father when he visited before they were rescued from the nightmare.
She could never forget that day. Her mother tried to stuff her under the cot but she refused. She couldn't stand the thought of being in that small space again. Trembling in fear, she sobbed for her mother not to punish her anymore. Her mother was desperate to hide her, sensing her mate was coming.
That was how Christina met her biological father face-to-face for the first time as he stared into the tiny cell. He was domineering, tall and good-looking in a dangerous sort of way. But that first impression didn't last long as a cruel grin replaced his scowl. He approached slowly as if he was stalking prey. Her mother shoved Christina behind her but he quickly tossed her aside like trash.
"So this is what you've been hiding from me. Well, well, little one. Want to have some fun with daddy? We'll make mommy watch."
"NO!" her mother screeched rushing at him claws extended.
Christina was shoved to the hard floor bumping her elbow. She whimpered in pain looking for her mother only to see her father beating her mother bloody. A scream tore out of her but he wouldn't stop.
And then he arrived. Christina had no idea her father was hosting the Alpha and Gamma from another pack and certainly didn't know they were wandering around on a tour. Ramon was on the shorter side, broad in the shoulders. He filled the doorway for a moment before charging in partially shifting as he ripped her parents apart and wrung her father like a dishrag.
He swept up her mother in his arms and gently took Christina by the hand leading her out of the small, dark cell for the first time in her life. She barely understood what was going on but Ramon took them to the hospital forcing the doctors to treat her mother and demanding food for her. For the first time, she had a full stomach and fell to sleep in his lap and the safety of his arms.
"Easy," Emily soothed caressing her arm.
Christina sucked in a breath unaware she was close to hyperventilating. When she was younger she suffered from panic attacks and intense claustrophobia. Her reactions were less severe now but odd things occasionally set them off. Like witch barriers, apparently. Taking a deep breath she suddenly found the air clean and fresh. She blinked looking around then realizing they stood in a large field with small thatched cottages sprinkled throughout each with a garden and the occasional horse, goat or sheep. Christina came to a sudden halt glaring at the scenery around her completely dumbstruck. She looked at Emily expecting the same kind of awe only to be met with a smirk. It seemed her mate expected this. Frowning, Christina narrowed her gaze in expectation of an answer. "You really never paid attention in school, did you?" Emily chuckled.
Christina rolled her eyes before marching ahead to catch up with their guide who patiently waited for them. She seemed as amused by Christina's reaction as Emily but also concerned. However, she said nothing as she led them onward to one of the cottages. "Here you are, the Reverend Mother is waiting for you," she simply stated before leaving them.
Christina hesitated looking at the rather simple structure. It certainly didn't speak of importance or reverence. In fact it looked like every other cottage. The only difference was the organization of the garden that made each cottage somewhat unique. "So, do we knock?" Christina asked.
Emily shrugged in response. Even she didn't know the particulars of Wiccan society as they tended to seclude themselves from the rest of the world.
"It's not polite to stand in doorways," an aged voice suddenly called out. "Come in wolves, or stay outside and be gone. I don't have all day."
###Chapter 83
Sharing a surprised look the pair let themselves in. The cottage was just as small inside as it looked outside. It consisted of a single room with a dirt floor. In the back a wooden platform remained swept clean with a rolled up bed and short table where one could kneel and eat. In the center of the room was a small fire pit with an iron pot set over it quietly bubbling away over the warm embers.
The walls were crowded with roughly made shelves laden with jars and bottles, wooden bowls and bundles of dried herbs, feathers of varying color even rocks of various sizes and shapes. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Iron pots and pans were arranged in one small corner where there was also a counter for food preparation. Surprisingly, there was a small fridge as well though Christina had no idea how it was running. She didn't hear the telltale rumble of a generator or smell fuel...solar perhaps?
"Well, are you going to sit?"
Christina jerked to attention and looked again at the fire pit. There an old woman sat quietly stirring the pot and studying them with equal amounts of apprehension and amusement.
Like their guide her clothing was homespun and brightly dyed though the dim light of the interior made the color dull overall. Just as with their guide it was difficult to judge her age. Witches aged slower than humans but not nearly as slow as wolves or vampires. Christina guessed her age to be in her sixties but she could certainly be in her seventies or eighties. "Aren't you going to sit?" she asked gesturing to the mats on the floor around the fire.
Belatedly they realized there was no furniture aside from the table: no chairs and no benches. Sharing a glance they warily joined their host and sat cross-legged on the floor. The old witch nodded still stirring the concoction in the pot.
"Is that some sort of potion?" Christina asked.
"Stew. It's nearly dinnertime. You are late."
Emily smirked. Christina shot her a disgruntled look. With all the herbs contained in the small space it was exceedingly difficult isolating any one scent which was enough to unnerve any wolf.
The old witch softly chuckled, "You can call me Juniper. Now then, what can an old witch like me do for a pair of wolves?" "Shouldn't you already know that? You were expecting us," Christina snorted.
"It is the prerogative of the old to test youth," Juniper smiled. "Besides, I need to make sure you know the reason you are here."
Christina opened her mouth to retort but Emily quickly placed a hand on her arm before answering, "Several generations ago a wolf king sought out a witch for consultation. Any record of why or what information he gathered has long since been lost or destroyed. As this is the oldest Coven remaining we hoped he might have come here and that you would have records of the visit."
"And why is this information important to you?"
"The current king wishes to harm our Luna."
"Ah," Juniper nodded. "Yes. A Luna is the heart of every pack, in many ways more important than the Alpha." Christina and Emily let out an uneasy breath. It seemed the old witch had a working knowledge of wolf packs. Since Wiccan society itself was matriarchal they hoped she would have sympathy for their Luna and be willing to help.
Juniper paused before speaking again, "As you may know every witch is born with a gift. Some specialize in barriers, others in protective amulets, some can manipulate the elements and cast offensive magic, and others have the gift of foresight and divination. "My great-great-great-great-grandmother was such a witch. It was her ability that allowed us to escape the persecution of the Church. Toward the end of her life a wolf sought her for consultation on a matter of great concern. Apparently his grandmother had a gift of prophecy unusual for your kind but perhaps not for hers."
Christina frowned and glanced at Emily to see she was equally confused. Just what did the old woman mean? It was highly unlikely his grandmother was anything but a wolf. Wolves very rarely found their fated mates beyond their own kind though it had been known to happen occasionally. In a mixed pairing there was no guarantee their offspring would be a wolf. It was a fifty-fifty chance.
"As for what he discussed with my grandmother I cannot say," Juniper said. "It is the code of those with prophecy never to make a record of their insights and never discuss the prognostications they provide."
"So we came all this way for nothing," Christina sighed moving to get up.
"Don't be so impatient, wolf. I'm not finished."
Christina settled back down with a huff. She stifled an actual growl having been raised to respect her elders. The witch in front of her certainly had the weight of experience to hold her ground even in front of a werewolf in their prime.
"I don't know what they discussed; however, when the wolf left my grandmother passed these words to her daughter instructing her to pass them down to her daughter," Juniper said. "She said one day someone would come and ask about the king and when they did we should tell them these words: the line will end with the white and a new line will begin with the silver."
"What is that supposed to mean?" Christina asked.
"I have no idea. It was a prophecy made for you," Juniper said.
Christina wanted to argue but Emily held her back, "Thank you, Reverend Mother. You've been very helpful."
The witch nodded as they stood and took their leave. Still confused Christina trailed after her mate who was deep in thought. Emily had always been the most intellectual between the two of them and loved puzzles. There was nothing she loved more than a good brain teaser.
No one tried to stop them as they followed the trail back the way they came. Though they needed a guide to enter leaving was a far simpler task. Christina shivered as they neared the barrier. She wasn't looking forward to walking through it again." "Excuse me, wolf."
Christina turned with a growl to see their guide had returned. The witch hesitated a moment before stepping forward. She draped a woven necklace over her head and settled it around Christina's neck. Confused Christina gripped the white, shiny stone nestled in the net-like holder. Raising an eyebrow she looked at the witch.
"My specialty is amulets and charms," the witch smiled. "Selenite is protective and cleansing. There is much in your past that causes you pain. Until you confront it, it will continue to haunt you. Our experiences shape us but they do not control us. Let the resentment and pain go. Not for benefit of the ones who hurt you but for yourself. They cannot hurt you anymore, not if you do not give them the power."
Christina stiffened biting her tongue. How could this stranger know so much about a past she never spoke about? "You don't have to forgive or forget, but let it go," the witch gently intoned before stepping away and leaving them. Christina watched her retreating form as her gaze blurred and her cheeks felt damp. Reaching up she wiped away the tears that came unbidden. She hated feeling helpless or weak and tears always made her feel that way. But these ones, for some reason, didn't. They didn't feel hopeless at all. "Chris?"
"I'm fine," Christina turned back to her mate. Remarkably, she actually did feel fine.
Gripping the iridescent stone around her neck Christina followed Emily through the barrier. From this side it didn't feel as oppressive as before. They found their jeep exactly as they left it. The woods were just as thick as before with a slow moving mist rolling through. It was as if their interlude in the Coven never happened.
"Well, I don't know about you...but that was a waste of time," Christina said.
Emily paused at the passenger door with a pensive expression, "Maybe not."
"What do you mean? Nothing that witch said made any sense."
"The line will end in white..."
"And a new one begins in silver. So? What line? What's white and what's silver?" "It's us."
"What?"
"Well, not us, but wolves."
"I don't follow."
"Chris, really?" Emily shook her head. "White wolves and Silver wolves! Come on!"
"So what? They are both super rare, big deal."
"They are rare, but we know both," Emily reminded.
Christina hesitated. That's right. They did know of a white and a silver wolf. What were the chances of that?
"The line will end with the white," Emily said. "The princess is a white wolf and she's the youngest of the king's progeny. And neither of the princes or the princess have pups."
"The line is the royal line?" Christina hesitantly surmised. "But what about the last part? It says a new one will begin in silver."
"A silver wolf," Emily nodded, "and our Luna just had her heat cycle."
Christina's mouth dropped open, "You mean Jason and Phoebe..."
They stared at one another before declaring in unison, "We need to get home."
They practically leapt into their vehicle. Christina spun in her seat looking out the rear window as she reversed down the trail as it was too narrow to turn around. Beside her Emily tried her phone only find it had no service. "Damn it," she cursed.
"Are we sure about this?" Christina asked. "I mean, really? Jason is our new king?"
"You have a better interpretation?"
"No."
"It explains why the king is so fixated on silver wolves," Emily explained. "All he cares about his bloodline continuing but it isn't destined to. People in power never willingly give up that power." "Yeah but the king doesn't have any real power," Christina scoffed.
"In his mind he does. Just hurry up and get us out of these mountains. We need to get somewhere with service so we can warn them. They need to know. The Luna must be protected at all costs." "We'll never get there before they make their move," Christina said, "and if they figure out we know it will probably spur them into action."
"I'll send a message to my brother. He can warn them ahead of us and get us a flight home. The royal family is probably watching Blue Moon but it won't be watching his pack. Hurry up!" "I'm going. I'm going. Ben is going to s**t kittens when he finds out about this."
"Better him than the Alpha."
Christina grunted reaching an area where the trail widened and quickly whipped the jeep around. The vehicle practically growled as she jammed her foot on the accelerator. Emily gritted her teeth enduring the g-forces. Once they were straightened out she tried her phone again.
###Chapter 84
Delilah stood off to the side just outside the kitchen cursing her luck. As expected returning the pack hadn't been an issue. Since she was still a part of it she could access the link though it was frayed and the collective pack scent rather stale as she hadn't been among them for quite some time. Originally she planned to sneak into the kitchen to prepare her gift to the alpha herself. Unfortunately she stopped dead in her tracks when she saw Myra. The older she-wolf would definitely recognize her and she certainly wouldn't let Delilah wander around. She had no choice but to wait in the wings for an opportunity.
Delilah hoped Myra would wander off but the kitchen omega was content to putter around with the others. She didn't know the reason for the jovial mood but the other omegas gossiped how Myra's niece had found her fated mate. Delilah vaguely remembered the young she-wolf but couldn't even recall her name. It was of little interest to her anyway.
"I have the Alpha's tea ready per the Luna's request," a young omega announced. "Very good," Myra nodded.
Delilah eased away from the door as the omega pushed out a tea trolley laden with a tea set that looked quite old, which was unusual since neither the previous alpha or luna drank tea. They had always preferred the caffeine jolt of coffee as most werewolves did. She waited until the server was almost at the lift before she struck hitting her over the back of the head. The omega crumpled having no defense. Delilah dragged her inert body into the closet not bothering to see if she was all right before taking command of the trolley.
Pushing it onto the lift Delilah sighed relief. Finally her plan was going accordingly. Taking out the bag she had been given she dumped the contents into the tea pot. Hopefully it would have enough time to reach full potency. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. She hadn't the slightest idea how to make tea. Sighing she straightened her old uniform. It had been years since she last wore it, decades, and she noticed the uniforms had changed. She hoped the Alpha wouldn't notice the difference.
The lift doors opened and she pushed the trolley down the hall. There were definitely more guards about even within the packhouse. This was certainly information her benefactor could use but she had to wait to contact him after she completed her current task. Delilah couldn't help the smile that crept into her face. She was going to enjoy this.
Knocking on the door she waited for permission to enter. She found Alpha Jason alone at his desk going over paperwork. It was remarkable how much he looked like his father. How many times had she met Jackson in his office for a quickie to take the edge off his stress while he worked? Glancing at the other desks she assured herself he was alone. Evidently the Beta and Gamma were off on other tasks.
Jason looked remarkably calm behind his desk. Jackson hated paperwork but Jason seemed at home. He hardly looked up as she approached while he read various proposals.
"The Luna sent tea," Delilah said.
He grunted and she wasn't sure if he even heard her but he also smirked. It seemed his Luna liked to send him gifts. A note of envy pierced her but also hardened her resolve. She poured the tea and set the cup on his desk. Jason barely acknowledged the omega pushing in the tea trolley. Several weeks ago, Phoebe started a campaign to get him to drink tea saying it would help him relax. In truth, he was quite relaxed.
Prior to meeting Phoebe Lobo would restlessly prowl the back of his mind distracting him and slowing down the work he needed to do. Now his wolf simply went to linking with his mate and left Jason to work in peace. Like most werewolves Jason preferred coffee and the energy spike it gave but he couldn't say no to his Luna.
The omega poured a cup and set it on his desk. He sighed picking it up. The sooner he drank the sooner he could get back to work. His wolf stirred lazily. An odd scent invaded his nose as he gulped down the cup's contents only to suddenly reel back from the astringent flavor. It was so bitter he struggled to keep it down. In the back of his mind Lobo let out a snarl before the connection was snuffed out.
Jason leaned back in his chair suddenly feeling light-headed. He tried to speak but his mouth wouldn't form words. His mind couldn't shape coherent thoughts and the world became indistinct and fuzzy. And yet scent became even more pronounced overwhelming his nose as his nostrils flared sensing a female in full arousal.
His chair was pulled away from the desk and spun around. A voluptuous form filled his view as she leaned forward. She said something but her voice seemed muffled and strange. Her scent though was all too obvious.
"What's the matter, Alpha?" Delilah coyly smiled.
Jason waved a hand in front of his face, "...an-gel..." "Too bitter?"
"...an-gel..."
"That's right, let this angel give you some sugar," Delilah leaned forward capturing his mouth and shoving her tongue into his mouth swallowing whatever protest he was trying to mumble.
Her tongue swirled in his mouth and twisted around his before she pulled out playfully biting his lower lip in the same way that used to drive Jackson crazy. Jason shook his head raising a hand as if trying to swat a fly. His eyes were dilated and his nostrils flared. "That's right, baby. We are going to have a lot of fun," Delilah cooed unbuttoning his shirt so she could caress his chest before undoing his belt. "Let's see what you have for me."
***
"All right, all of you into the music room," Phoebe laughed herding the pups in front of her for their next lesson.
As she stood a wave of dizziness suddenly assailed her. Placing a hand on the wall she waited for the moment to pass. "Luna?" Garrison asked stepping close to steady her. What was that?
'Trouble,' Máni stirred. 'Something's wrong with Mate.'
'What?'
'Get to Mate!'
'But Jason is working.
'Get to Mate now!'
"Luna?"
Phoebe shook her head and hurried down the corridor. She just managed to read the stairs before a sharp pain suddenly pierced her shattering her heart. Crying out she sank to her knees.
This pain. She could never forget it. Betrayal. But Jason would never...
'Mate!' Máni whimpered.
"Luna! Are you all right?" Garrison rushed forward.
Snarling Phoebe batted away his hand, forced herself onto her shaking feet and up the steps. Máni was clawing at the sides of her mind. Something was wrong... very wrong.
***
Delilah yanked on Jason's pants until his impressive member was finally freed. She smiled wickedly. It seemed he inherited quite a bit from his father.
"We are going to have so much fun," Delilah said stepping back and undoing her dress. She shrugged out of it before pulling off her parties and standing bare in front of him. "This is going to be the greatest day of your life."
She sauntered forward reaching for him eager to see if he tasted anything like his father. Suddenly the door burst open slamming against the wall and Delilah cursed the fact she forgot to lock it.
"Get out-" she turned expecting another omega.
Instead a petite, pretty wolf with silver eyes stood in the doorway. Her eyes shimmered so bright they practically glowed as she strode into the room. The air suddenly shifted becoming almost stagnant in it oppression. Delilah found herself frozen, unable to move or speak as the she-wolf stalked forward. The newcomer raised her hand slapping Delilah so hard she practically spun around before stumbling back into a bookshelf before collapsing on the floor.
Without a word Phoebe turned to Jason to see him partially undressed. She was ready to demand an answer as he sat waving a hand as if warding off a shadow.
"...an-gel..." "Jason?"
He shook his head as she approached. He waved his hand in front of him unable to focus. Cupping his face she stared into his eyes to see they were dilated and unfocused. Jason groaned as the tingles of the mate bond calmed his agitation. 'What is wrong with him?'
'Drugged,' Máni said.
'Drugged?' Phoebe glanced at the desk to see the tea cup.
Her attention turned to the trolley to see her mother's tea set. Picking up the tea pot she lifted the lid and sniffed, reeling back from the bittersweet stink. Phoebe set it down and spotted a plastic bag tucked under the serving tray. She picked it up and hesitantly sniffed.
Jasmine, passion flower, coriander and...mandrake?
'Makes sense,' Máni huffed.
'What do you mean?'
Jasmine is an aphrodisiac.'
'Oh yeah,' Phoebe nodded recalling the time a fellow she-wolf had wanted something to improve her mate's performance and asked Phoebe for a special tea blend. 'So they drugged him with an aphrodisiac to make him cheat on the bond? Who? Why?' 'Are you really asking that after everything that is going on?'
"...an-gel..." Jason groaned.
"Shh," Phoebe cupped his face. The bond seemed to calm his agitation.
Lipstick was smeared across his lips prompting her to grab tissues and wipe it off in disgust. "Luna?"
Phoebe looked up to see Garrison standing in the doorway confused at what he was witnessing. "The Alpha's been poisoned."
"What?" Garrison jerked to attention.
"Some sort of aphrodisiac in his tea," Phoebe explained. "Take that thing away. Lock her in maximum security and alert the Beta and Gamma. Have them figure out how she even got here without raising alarms."
"Yes Luna!" Garrison hurried forward seizing the naked she-wolf and dragged her toward the door. "What about the Alpha?" "I'll take care of him. Close the door. He's not in any condition to be seen by the rest of the pack."
With a nod he departed leaving her alone with Jason who began whimpering and reaching for her. Phoebe sat in his lap hoping her nearness would calm him like it usually did. His arms wrapped around her and he buried his face in her neck sniffing and groaning. She could feel his growing arousal as his hands caressed her seeking her skin.
'What should we do? Should we take him to the hospital?'
'Won't do much good. Not like there is a cure for herbs. Besides, there are too many females there!
'I think he's starting to feel feverish.
'It might be triggering a rut.'
'So what should we do? Have him sedated?'
'Well, we could always...you know!'
'Máni!'
'What? It might help him burn out the herbs' effects faster'
###Chapter 85
Jason groaned. His head felt like it was splitting in two and his mouth seemed full of cotton. Was this what a hangover felt like? He wasn't sure. Gentle fingers laid a cold compress on his forehead and he sighed catching the soothing scent of lilac and sage.
"...Phoebe."
"I'm here."
Her fingers caressed his cheeks and he risked opening his eyes. Strangely they didn't seem overly sensitive to light. He lay on the office couch while Phoebe perched on the edge watching him with concern. "Hi."
"Hi, yourself," Phoebe forced a strained smile.
"Something wrong? Why do I feel like I've been on a three-day bender?" Jason asked slowly taking stock of his condition." And why am I naked?" Phoebe bit her lip trying to stifle a chuckle before asking, "What do you remember?"
Jason frowned at her attempt to evade his query before considering hers. His frown deepened as he struggled to recall recent events, "I-I was working at my desk. And someone from the kitchen brought me tea. And it tasted awful. And then..." He struggled to recall the face surrounded by red hair. She was dressed in a uniform similar to the kitchen staff but it wasn't quite right. It was faded and an older style. In fact the she-wolf was also older. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. She had to be close to Myra's age so it was strange she would be given a menial task like delivering tea. She leaned over him but he couldn't recall what she said. Then, she kissed him. And then...
Jason's eyes widened as he recalled fragmented memories of kisses and caresses. No. It couldn't be. He didn't. "Phoebe, I didn't..."
"I know," Phoebe nodded as he tried to sit up. She gently pushed him down. "You didn't."
"I didn't?"
"No," Phoebe assured him before reaching for a bag containing waterlogged herbs. "This is the tea she gave you. It's hard to tell all the ingredients but it definitely has jasmine, passion flower and mandrake in it." "Which means?"
"Jasmine and passion flower are aphrodisiacs and mandrake is a poison that would put you in an alternate state."
"So, I was drugged, with tea? Why?"
"So that you would betray our bond," Phoebe nodded setting the bag on the coffee table.
"But, I didn't, right?"
"I felt something was wrong," Phoebe said. "I got really dizzy and Máni said you were in trouble. I was halfway here when I felt the pain."
"Phoebe..."
She held up a hand, "It's probably when she kissed you. When I got here she was working on undressing you."
"But you got here before..." Phoebe nodded seeing relief ease his expression as he let out a slow breath. She could only imagine the guilt that would have consumed him if she hadn't managed to interrupt them. Even now she felt it gnawing on his conscience trying to figure out how he should have prevented it. "If you stopped her, why am I naked?" Jason suddenly asked.
"... The tea was pretty potent and you started getting feverish as it triggered a rut and there really isn't an antidote for herbs. And Máni thought some activity would help you burn off the effects sooner."
"Are you saying you took advantage of me?" Jason asked smirking at her rambling answer.
"Maybe, a little," Phoebe admitted fighting a blush. In truth it was mostly a rather fevered make-out session but her scent and contact did keep him calm.
'Mate was glorious,' Lobo suddenly piped up.
'Oh? So you are alive? What do you remember?'
'Everything, Lobo huffed, I couldn't communicate but I was aware of everything!
'So when that she-wolf kissed me...
'I wanted to rip her throat out! But I couldn't come forward.
"Something wrong?"
"My wolf," Jason sighed. "He says our connection was cut off. He was aware of everything happening but he couldn't come forward. Must be an effect of the herbs." Phoebe nodded, "Máni said she was having trouble linking with him too."
Jason ran a hand through his hair. There was a deep frown on his face as he refused to look her in the eye. She felt his guilt slowly gnawing at him.
"Jason," Phoebe gently turned his face toward hers and waiting for him to finally meet her gaze. "When I got here you were waving your hand like you were trying to fend her off and you kept calling my name." "I did?"
"Angel. You kept repeating it, over and over. You were getting agitated and you didn't calm down until you felt the mate bond when I held you and when you smelled me. That was the only thing that calmed you." "Really?"
Phoebe nodded stroking his cheek. She leaned forward brushing her lips against his as light as a butterfly, "Even drugged and disorientated you only wanted me."
His arms settled around her holding her close. He breathed deep filling his lungs with her scent saying, "There is no one in this world who can compare to you. Why would I wish for anyone else when I have perfection?"
Phoebe snuggled against him. She had been ready to sink into despair when she felt the pains of betrayal. If not for Máni's urging she might have succumbed but her wolf had been right. Jason would never betray her. He kissed the top of her head. "I love you, Phoebe."
"I love you, Jason."
He sighed savoring her words. No one would come between them. No one would steal her away from him, which led his thoughts back to the she-wolf. There was little doubt in his mind who sent her...but who was she? How did she even get close to him? He frowned trying to recall when she was close before the tea took effect. There hadn't been anything strange about her scent, nothing that alerted him she didn't belong there. "Jason?"
"That she-wolf...where is she?" Jason couldn't keep the growl out of his voice.
"Maximum security," Phoebe said. "I ordered no one to go near her until you recovered. Luke and Ben were trying to figure out how she got into the territory without raising alarms."
"Right. Then I need to go and wring my answers out of her before I snap her neck," his eyes swirled amber as Lobo strained against the edges of his mind, 'Yes! That b***h will pay for hurting Mate!'
"All right," Phoebe slowly pulled away, "do you think you want to get dressed first?"
Jason glanced down and felt his face heat up at her statement. He looked at her and found her fighting a smile, "You are enjoying this, aren't you?"
Instead of answering she turned and picked up a pile of folded clothes. Jason raised an eyebrow as he accepted it. His memory was fragmented but he was certain these were not the same ones he had before. Phoebe patted his cheek as she stood giving him space to change. She didn't have the fortitude to tell him she shredded his other clothes enraged by the other she-wolf's scent on them.
Jason quickly changed wondering at her subdued attitude. Did something happen while he was still out of it? Even his wolf seemed uncertain or, at least, uncomfortable. What happened?
Lobo softly whimpered, 'Clothes smelled like she-wolf. Mate not like it.'
'Oh.
That made sense. Wolves were very territorial especially over their mates and most especially when they were high-ranked. Considering recent events he could understand if she felt threatened by the she-wolf's scent and wanted to erase it. If their roles had been reversed any male scent near her would have driven him insane.
Pulling on his shirt he approached her. His arms encircled her and he pulled her against his chest letting his hands settle naturally on her stomach where their pup was growing. Bowing his head he nuzzled her growling possessively and felt her relax. "I belong to you, angel. Only you."
Her hands moved to his entwining their fingers, "It's only been a few days, not even a week, but Máni is almost positive I'm pregnant."
Jason shuddered catching his breath. He always heard she-wolves usually knew very early if they were pregnant sensing the changes their body went through to accommodate the growing embryo. His heart hammered in his chest and Lobo howled for joy. A pup. Their pup.
He would protect them no matter what. Kissing the top of her head he finally stepped away, "Stay here. I'll be right back."
"No," Phoebe shook her head. "If you are going to see that she-wolf I'm going too."
"I don't' want you anywhere near her."
"And I don't want you anywhere near her," Phoebe retorted her eyes shimmering.
Jason couldn't help the swell of pride in his chest at her possessiveness. She could take charge any time she wanted. He couldn't tell her no, "All right, we'll go together."
He took her hand and led her out of the office with one destination in mind. However as he stepped into the hall he was immediately embraced. A familiar scent invaded his nose as his mother hugged him close.
"Mom."
"Mom? Just mom?" Norah exclaimed. "You've been out for four hours and all you can say is mom?"
"Four hours?" Jason repeated glancing Phoebe. "Did you forget to add something?"
"I didn't want to overwhelm you," Phoebe said with a mischievous smirk.
"Overwhelm? So you left out the fact I was out for four hours but you'll drop a bomb that we're having a pup?"
Before she answered Norah suddenly exclaimed, "A pup? Really? You know for certain?"
"My wolf is pretty sure," Phoebe nodded.
"Oh my goddess!" Norah clapped her hands.
Lucille standing next to her mother exclaimed, "I'm going to be an aunt!"
Phoebe found herself enveloped in a double hug by the two she-wolves. Jason growled reminding them to be careful with is mate, his very pregnant mate.
"Oh, would you stop?" Lucille rolled her eyes. "She's not made of glass!"
"Not the point," Jason said through gritted teeth.
"We must celebrate!" Norah decreed. Given all the tension it was important to celebrate these milestones. The pack waited a long time for their alpha to have pups. "Later," Jason gently extracted Phoebe from his mother. "We have other business."
"Other business?" Norah repeated.
"The she-wolf who infiltrated the pack and drugged him," Phoebe said, "we're going to see her."
"I'm coming too," Norah declared without hesitation. Though they were keeping the details of the breech quiet, she had been given a full report of the incident.
Jason sighed didn't dare argue considering how well the last one went. This confrontation was quickly becoming more complicated.
###Chapter 86
They reached the prison without further incident. Luke and Ben were waiting for him having been alerted through the mindlink of his impending arrival. They met the group at the front desk before leading the way to the maximum security cells. Wisely they asked no questions concerning the editions to the group. "Has she said anything?" Jason asked as they walked down the corridor of thick, silver-lined doors.
Unlike the minimum security wing here cells were meant to isolate their prisoners. They were soundproof and lined with silver to prevent the occupants from mindlinking or speaking with one another. The silver also suppressed their wolves and made them weaker. The she-wolf had been thrown into such a cell and kept there.
"No. Not a word," Luke answered. "I don't recognize her but she doesn't smell like a rogue meaning she is a pack wolf. Her scent is somewhat familiar. It's hard to put a finger on it but it doesn't raise the usual alarm bells that a stranger would."
Jason frowned. It didn't make sense. Pack wolves carried a unique scent based on their pack allowing them to be identified as a fellow member. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. If any unknown wolf attempted to cross their borders the patrol would have immediately alerted them. But if this wolf didn't raise alarm with Luke than it was unlikely the patrols would have been worried about her.
"Given recent events, it's pretty obvious who sent her," Ben continued, "but I agree with Luke it is disturbing how easily she entered our territory. I've heard of masking chemicals to disguise a wolf's scent but they don't last this long and they aren't very strong." Jason stifled a growl. He swore to protect Phoebe and he just failed the first test. Somehow he underestimated the king's ability and influence. He was certain Phoebe was untouchable once she was in their pack territory but if the king could extend his reach here... No. He wouldn't allow it. He would protect Phoebe and their pup with his life. They would be kept safe at all costs.
Reaching the only occupied cell Jason paused nodding to the guard on duty. They were taking no chances with this she-wolf. He looked to Luke.
"What of her personal effects?"
"Nothing in her uniform," Luke shook his head. They had barely been able to claim it with Phoebe in a possessive rage." We found an omega server knocked out in the hall. That's probably where she got the tea and serving trolley."
"We also found her car," Ben added, "late model sedan but it was well-kept and in good condition. We found her purse and luggage in the trunk. No identification though. A cell phone but it's currently locked."
"Can you crack it?"
"Maybe. It'll be easier if we just get her to do it," Ben said showing the phone. It was nothing special. Like her car it was an older model but not ancient, "looks like she used facial recognition." Jason merely nodded. Ben was more tech savvy than him so he trusted his Gamma to figure it out. He looked again to the guard and nodded.
The guard stepped forward opening the small viewing window before unlocking the door and stepping aside once the prisoner's position in the cell was confirmed. Jason stepped inside Lobo pressing close as they viewed the she-wolf who dared interfere with their bond.
She sat on the floor still completely naked having been left in the condition she arrived. He didn't have any pity for her. Looking up she sneered before her expression changed. She expected the Beta or Gamma but now the Alpha stood in front of her. His aura flared pressing down on her like a vise. He stood over her, a towering vision of alpha perfection. She quivered with desire despite the situation.
However, there was no desire or passion in his gaze. She saw only disgust and hatred as his eyes gleamed amber. His wolf had no sympathy for her either. In fact, she could feel its bloodlust.
"Have you nothing to say?" Jason asked choosing his words carefully.
"What could I possibly say? You've already passed your judgment."
He growled but before he could retort his mother suddenly exclaimed, "You!"
She suddenly rushed passed them to slap the she-wolf leaving slashes across her cheeks as her claws involuntarily extended. Jason blinked, shocked by his mother's actions. She had never been violent and he never sensed this kind of rage from her before. "You b***h!" Norah screamed. "You couldn't have my mate so you dare play your games with my son!"
"Mate?" Jason repeated. Did she mean his father? Lobo seemed just as confused.
"If not for you he would have been mine!" the she-wolf sneered. "We grew up together. We were meant to be together!" Norah snarled ready to strike again when Phoebe suddenly seized her hand with a strength belied by her petite frame. She gently pulled her back and held her in a comforting embrace. Norah shook unable to fight her quiet strength and aura. "Mother, you know this she-wolf?" Jason asked for clarification though he was certain he knew where this was going. "She's one of your father's bitches. Delilah," Norah growled.
"So that's the answer to the riddle," Jason said. "I should have guessed. Phoebe, please take my mother to her room. I'll handle this."
Phoebe gave him a worried glance but nodded before guiding Norah out and back the way they came.
"You too, Lucy," Jason said not looking at his sister.
She hesitated before trailing after the others. Though Lucille knew how their parents met she didn't know the full extent of their mother's troubles with jealous she-wolves lurking around every corner. Given how close she had been to their father Jason and their mother shielded her from the worst of it. "So...you are one of my father's sluts," Jason growled, "well, that explains why you didn't raise alarms crossing our borders. You're still a member of this pack, though your scent and connection has gone stale. No wonder we didn't recognize you."
"Makes sense," Luke agreed. She had been long gone before Jason took the role of alpha. Though she never swore allegiance to her new alpha she was still technically a member of the pack.
Ben frowned taking out her phone an activating the facial recognition before centering the camera on her face. The phone opened and he quickly fiddled with its settings so they could maintain access. "You are so much like your father," Delilah smiled.
"You're wrong," Jason stepped forward. "I'm nothing like my father."
"How do you figure?" she shivered in anticipation as he crouched close. "Are you going to force me to pledge allegiance to your Luna too?"
"So you can come back and play your games with my son?" Jason sneered. "What makes you think you'll live to see another day?"
He gripped her chin jerking her head to the side and snapped her neck with no remorse. Jason stood accepting a towel to wipe his hands free of her scent. The surprised look on her face was laughable.
"No one who threatens my Luna will be allowed to live," Jason said. He turned away from the slumped form and quietly exited the cell. Glancing at the guard, he said, "Dispose of that trash."
The guard bowed as Jason walked away trailed by Luke and Ben. Neither of them spoke a word. Jason's aura fluctuated with his churning emotions. In the span of a few hours he had been drugged and almost forced to betray his bond with his Luna just when he was looking forward to becoming a father. Now he learned it had all been because of his father. It was as if his father was trying to sabotage him from the grave. "Luke, track down my father's other...playthings," Jason growled. "I want them all accounted for."
"Right," Luke agreed. If there was any chance of restlessness within the pack they were the most likely sources. He recalled his father mentioning the she-wolves in passing and something about a file, though he never thought about it before. Like this she-wolf they had been allowed to fall into obscurity but no more. They could not afford to allow themselves to be blindsided again.
"Ben, I want you to go through her phone. I want to know where she's been and everyone she's been in contact with." "Right," Ben nodded.
"And increase patrols," Jason said, "we don't know how much information she might have compromised."
"Right," Luke agreed. "She's been out of the pack for a while. I doubt she had any current information about the state of the pack."
"We don't know how much she knew," Jason answered, "she has been allowed to come and go as she pleased. Double check everything."
Luke and Ben nodded. He had a point. There was no telling how large the potential breech was. They would have to investigate it closely and track her moments as best they could.
Leaving the prison Jason paused breathing deep wishing the cool, clean air smelled like Phoebe. Her scent always calmed him. Lobo paced the back of his mind unsatisfied with the she-wolf's quick death and longed to sink his teeth into something. "Maybe you should go talk to your mother," Luke hesitantly suggested.
Jason growled. Anything to do with his father was a subject to be approached carefully. Jason's resentment ran deep. This was probably the worst possible turn of events. The royal family had no idea the fire they were playing with....or maybe they did. Perhaps this was their intention to drive Jason crazy by taunting him with his father's failures.
In either case the question was what the royal family's next move would be now that their pawn was eliminated. This was certainly not their last act. Yet Jason was not in the mind set for such careful deduction.
"Go for a run, Jace," Luke finally urged. "We'll hold down the fort."
"He's right. You need a clear head," Ben agreed. "Leave the rest to us. And leave your mother to the Luna for now. It'll be all right."
Jason glanced at them the corner so his mouth turning up slightly. They knew him too well. Turning to the woods he gave Lobo control. His wolf practically leapt out of him and tore off toward the woods leaving their clothes in tatters and not caring at all.
###Chapter 87
"That b*tch. That unbelievable b*tch," Norah muttered as Phoebe guided her back to the packhouse and up to her suite.
Lucille followed a step behind. Though she had been shielded from the worst of her father's indiscretions she still knew about the she-wolves he used to keep prior to meeting her mother. She knew some of those she-wolves had attacked her mother while her father was away. Yet her father always proclaimed he dealt with them and they were no longer a threat. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. So who was that she- wolf they left in the cells? She assumed dealt with meant death but did her father not execute them for their crimes after all? Her brother seemed strangely calm. Did he know about the she-wolves' real fates this entire time? And her mother... Lucille watched as Phoebe guided Norah to the bed and made her lie down.
"How could she?" Norah muttered. "How dare she target Jackson's flesh and blood? As much as she hated me I know she respected him at least. Has she no conscience?"
Phoebe retrieved a cool compress and soothing Norah the best she could. Lucille stood off to the side watching and trying to contemplate what her father had been thinking in letting such a she-wolf roam free.
"Mom, did you know?" Lucille finally spoke when her mother grew quiet.
Norah looked at her with a frown before saying, "That he let her go? Yes. He let all of them go after forcing them to swear loyalty to me as their Luna. He thought that would be enough to protect me." "But?" Lucille prompted.
"But when I became pregnant with Jason one of them attacked me again and nearly killed me with Jason in my womb," Norah admitted. "Jackson executed her but didn't touch the others since they weren't involved in the second attack." "Why would he let any of them live?!" Lucille demanded. "After what they did? They could have killed you!"
"They were members of the pack, some of them were childhood friends," Norah said. "He...didn't feel like he could kill them or banish them."
Lucille frowned. Childhood friends? That's why her father allowed them to live?
"Two of them met their fated mates," Norah said with a sigh.
"Only two of them?" Lucille repeated.
"Delilah left the pack to travel," Norah said. "I have no proof but I think she rejected her fated mate in hopes Jackson would claim her."
"She did," Phoebe agreed. "I sensed it in the cell. Though, I don't know who her mate might have been. I haven't sensed any lost connections that would lead back to her. He might have left the pack, or he might not have been able to tolerate the bond breaking." "In other words he killed himself," Lucille said. Phoebe nodded.
Normally a wolf spirit wouldn't even consider suicide and would protect their vessel should their human half attempt it. However, after a mating bond was forcibly broken wolf spirits were greatly weakened and some even longed for the pain to end anyway it could, including hurting themselves or even death.
Garrison sought death in taking dangerous missions. Perhaps it wasn't exactly the same as suicide but he certainly wasn't fighting death and would have welcomed it. Fortunately it had not come to that and meeting his second chance mate eased his suffering. Others were not so fortunate. Phoebe had the feeling Delilah's mate was in the latter category.
"So, he let her just leave?" Lucille scoffed.
"I don't think he knew she rejected her fated mate, at least not at first," Norah said. "Whatever your father's faults he did respect and cherish the bond. He never would have wanted any wolf to reject their bond. It pained him greatly to know she rejected her bond for him. That's not what he wanted."
"Why didn't you tell me this before?" Lucille asked. "Does Jason know? He does, doesn't he? That's why he refused to see dad even when he was... Why tell him and not me?"
"Because I didn't want to ruin your relationship with your father like I did with Jason," Norah sighed. "After the second attack I was so paranoid about protecting Jason from future threats and I was so angry with Jackson for allowing it to happen, I thought I was doing Jason a favor by telling him. But it only put up a wall between them.
"If it wasn't for that wall maybe handing the pack over to Jason wouldn't have been so hard on Jackson. He might have lived longer and got a chance to meet his grandpups. He loved being a father and I took that away from him with Jason. When you came along I didn't want that for you or him."
Lucille bit her lip.
"Lucille, your father loved you. Never forget that."
She frowned before departing unable to stay in the room any longer. Lucille trusted Phoebe to watch over her mother but there was too much information for her to process to stay. She needed to be alone.
"Let her go," Norah sighed when Phoebe tried to call her back. "This mess is Jackson's and my own fault. We could have done so many things differently and now you are paying the price."
"I really didn't suffer that much," Phoebe protested taking her hand. "I know Jason would never willingly betray me. That's how I knew something was wrong. And I can feel his guilt even for allowing that much to occur."
"It was Jackson's greatest hope Jason would find his Luna. You are everything he wanted for Jason. He would have loved you like a daughter. I just wish he and Jason could have mended things. Perhaps Jason wouldn't carry so much resentment, but he won't even look at his father's letter."
"Letter?"
Norah nodded to the bedside table. Phoebe hesitated before opening the drawer and removing the envelope addressed to Jason. She looked at Norah.
"Jackson was too weak to hold a pen so he dictated it to me," Norah sighed. "It's his final words to Jason."
"And he hasn't read it?"
"No. He threatens to burn it whenever I bring it up."
Phoebe didn't need their bond to know how deeply Jason resented his father. She couldn't blame him after all his mother suffered but it was clear Norah had forgiven her mate. Phoebe wanted that same peace for Jason. They weren't certain what the future held so grasping any sort of solace was important. She didn't want him or his wolf to suffer. "Rest," Phoebe urged her mother-in-law. "I think we've all had enough shock for the day."
"Phoebe..."
"Don't worry. Your children are strong and they aren't alone," Phoebe smiled. "And neither are you. You don't have to bear the weight of the past on your own shoulders."
Norah breathed deep smile softly, "My son is right. You are an angel."
Phoebe patted her hand and remained with her until she fell asleep. With a sigh she stood and quietly stepped out. Her
mind reached for Lucille and sensed she had gone to her own room to process everything she learned. Phoebe hesitated wanting to comfort her but comfort was probably the last thing Lucille wanted.
In the short time Phoebe had known her sister-in-law she realized Lucille often hid her feelings behind bravado and racy comments. Others mistook her for being shallow and insincere when it truth she was actually very sensitive. An inappropriate joke wouldn't help her in this situation however.
She needed time to process this new side of a father she loved and cherished. When she was ready Phoebe hoped she would seek her out to talk but for now Lucille needed some space. At the very least she hoped Lucille would open up to Ben and allow her mate to sooth her once her thoughts settled.
Phoebe studied the envelope in her hand. Right now her main concern was for Jason. This incident stirred up the resentment he held for his father. She could feel his emotions churning through the bond. It felt like he was quite distant and she realized he was probably trying to run off some of his pent up rage.
Phoebe frowned before turning on her heel and headed to the kitchen. It had been a while since she and Jason shared an intimate meal, just the two of them. That would change tonight and hopefully it would bring his mind some peace.
###Chapter 88
When Jason returned from his run both he and Lobo were exhausted. It had been a long time since they reached their limit. A quick check-in with Luke confirmed the pack was well, most not even realizing there had been a breech. The omega that had been attacked had even woken up not knowing how she ended up in the hospital.
It was little comfort to Jason who was still wracked with guilt. Because of his negligence Phoebe felt him betray her however briefly. He had sworn to always be by her side. He had no idea how to make it up to her or even how he would face her again. An apology just wasn't enough. To make matters worse the she-wolf had been one of his father's trysts. Would the pain and betrayal his father caused never come to an end?
Reaching his suite Jason disappeared into the bathroom. He hoped to wash away the frustration, sweat and pain. Sweat was easy but the rest ran far too deep for him to ever be rid of it. The hot water did nothing to settle his thoughts. Stepping out of the bathroom in sweats and a towel over his shoulders he roughly dried his hair before catching a tantalizing smell.
Looking up she saw the table set for two with cubed beef, potatoes and vegetables in a thick wine sauce almost like a stew. But even more tantalizing was Phoebe as she carefully arranged their plates. She wore a thick cotton robe but it didn't seem as if she recently showered.
"Already?" she asked with a playful smile.
"Ready?" Jason repeated as she approached gently pulling the towel off his shoulder and tossing it aside.
"I thought we could have dinner together just the two of us."
"The two of us?"
"Your sister is with Ben. Luke and Mona are watching over the pack and your mother has the pups," Phoebe stepped away before shedding her robe. "Of course, if you don't want to..."
Jason's gaze followed her every movement suddenly going wide as she revealed the black satin negligee underneath. Though not particularly revealing, it had a deep v-neckline that plunged between her breasts. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. It was incredibly short even on her petite frame barely covering her round a*s and giving him an unimpeded view of her shapely legs.
A possessive growl tore out of him as Lobo eagerly pressed forward to take it all in. She smiled approaching him and running her hands up his bare chest. Jason shuddered as the bond sent sparks trailing throughout his body. Her fingers curled into the hair at the nape of his neck pulling him to her lips for a long, almost lazy kiss. Jason groaned at the sensations buzzing through his mind and body.
"Is that a yes to dinner?" Phoebe asked her hands caressing his arms before gripping his hands and leading him to the table.
Jason couldn't speak. His mind was a riot of thoughts and desires warring for attention. Phoebe had never played the seductress and he wasn't sure how to process what was happening but he knew he wanted more. It felt like a dream as Phoebe gently pushed him into his seat before straddling his lap. His heart hammered in his chest and Jason struggled to swallow a lump in his throat as she leaned close kissing him deeply.
In all their times making love Phoebe seldom exercised her dominance but it was incredibly erotic. He, his wolf and his d**k were all at immediate attention wanting to bury themselves in her spicy scent. His chest rumbled with a growl as his hand caressed her thigh slowly slipping under her negligee that was already riding up to discover she wasn't wearing anything underneath.
"Do you like my little surprise?" Phoebe's voice flitted into his mind as she slowly eased back. A coy smile teased him as her eyes shimmered silver.
"Phoebe..."
She reached over to the table and picking up one of the plates heaped with the hearty stew. Jason groaned. The dinner looked and smelled fantastic but it was nothing compared to the feast he wanted. Phoebe innocently speared a carrot and potato before offering it to him as if she had not just been playing seductress a moment ago.
"You are playing a dangerous game, angel," he finally managed to speak.
"What do you mean?" Phoebe asked. "You haven't had a proper meal all day and you'll need your strength tonight."
Her eyes shimmered mischievously and the smell of her arousal permeated his nostrils almost overriding the smell of their dinner. Jason groaned wanting nothing more than to seize her immediately.
"Now, now," Phoebe teased, "good boys get their dessert after they've eaten their vegetables."
Jason couldn't quite stifle his growl as he snapped at the fork and slowly chewed. Phoebe smirked feeding him the next mouthful. He squirmed at the uncomfortable feeling in his pants as her scent continued to tease and entice him while she fed him. He couldn't deny her but it was torture, excruciating and delicious torture. Jason thought he'd burst by the time he ate enough to satisfy her.
Phoebe no sooner set the plate down before he lurched forward. Wrapping his arms around her, he captured her mouth as he stood stumbling to the bed. Phoebe laughed as they fell onto the mattress.
"Jason!" she gasped as he immediately hiked up her negligee and plunged between her thighs eagerly sucking on her c**t. Her body clenched in surprise as he devoured her. His teeth grazed her c**t before his tongue plunged inside of her. Her hips jerked trying to bury him deeper wanting more stimulation.
"Jason!"
He growled the vibration flowing into her as his voice whispered in her mind, "I've been good. I want my dessert."
Her laugher became a moan as he forced her legs apart and continued to run his tongue through her wet folds. His teeth nipped and harassed her c**t only for his tongue to sooth it. Her body seemed to have a mind of its own as it suddenly convulsed and a wave of pleasure rippled through her.
He suddenly pulled away leaving her panting. Daring to look up she saw him toss aside his sweats, freeing his engorged member leaking and ready for her. Without a word he climbed onto the bed and settled between her thighs thrusting into her with a satisfied grunt. The preamble was over and he had been patient enough.
Phoebe moaned as he set a savage pave. His hand gripped her ass encouraging her back to arch and allow him better entry. Her body rocked with him. It had been such a long time since he took her so savagely. His love-making was usually tender but there was no holding back as their bodies slammed into each other again and again. She cried out as he forced her into a violent release before he finally reached his own flooding her with his seed.
***
Jason dosed propped up on the pillows. His exhaustion was one of utter rapture as the bond buzzed through his body. Phoebe laid on his chest her fingers gently stroking the hair peppering his chest. His hand gently stroked her back and rear loving the feel of her nighty but also hating the single layer of cloth separating their bodies. Once he recovered he would remove it and indulge in all of her.
"Feeling better?" Phoebe asked.
"Better?" Jason repeated as she looked up at him with a faint smile and blushing cheeks. "You mean, this was all about trying to make me forget what I-"
"You didn't do anything, Jason," Phoebe said caressing his cheek as she sat up, straddling his torso to face him. "You were drugged and someone tried to take advantage of you. And even in that state you tried to fight them off and protect our bond." Jason breathed deep holding onto her words.
"If you want to be angry, be angry at the ones who sent her."
He growled his eyes flashing amber. That's right; the king sent that she-wolf. It had to be him. Or was it? It didn't seem like his usual tactic. But someone close to him...
Phoebe watched him and sensed through the bond when he accepted her words. He didn't completely let go of his guilt but she could tell it didn't consume him as before. She leaned forward kissing his nose. Jason smiled rubbing noses with her. Phoebe chuckled pecking a kiss on his lips.
"So, this outfit," Jason cleared his throat, "is this what you've been hiding in that bag?"
Phoebe blushed.
"Any other surprises in there?"
"Maybe," Phoebe smiled running her fingers through his hair.
The whole shopping excursion still brought her some embarrassment but Lucille and Bridget managed to talk her into a few things. This was the first time she mustered the courage to wear any of it. Maybe she would wear more if it gave him this much joy. With a sigh she pulled away, "There is one more thing."
"Oh?" Jason raised a brow eager to find out what other surprises she had in store.
Phoebe leaned over to the side table and pulled something out of the top drawer to hand to him. Jason stared at the envelope until his gaze fell on the words written in his mother's neat scrawl: To My Son.
"Where did you get this?" he demanded his voice taking a hard edge.
"Your mother showed it to me."
His hand gripped the envelope, crinkling it, "Now she's recruiting you."
"Jason," Phoebe placed a hand over his. "You are not your father. You are better. But holding a grudge is not helping you."
"There is nothing that person could say that will change my mind," Jason snarled.
###Chapter 89
"It's not supposed to," Phoebe said surprising him.
Jason blinked staring at him.
"It's not about him. It's about you and what holding onto your resentment is doing to you."
"How can I forgive him after what he did?"
Phoebe shook her head, "It's not about forgiving him. It's about letting it go. After Graham rejected me I held onto that hurt for years. It slowly ate away at me. I couldn't eat. I couldn't sleep. I didn't want to leave my room."
Jason tensed stifling a growl at the mention of her former mate. She stroked his cheek soothing him.
"I hated him so much and it made me hate myself," Phoebe sighed. "I wondered what was wrong with me that he didn't want me."
"Phoebe, there is nothing wrong with you."
"I know. But it took me quite awhile to get there," Phoebe smiled. "Eventually I learned to let him go. I didn't do it for him. I did it for myself because I was needed. Blake and Emma, the other pups needed me."
Jason let out a slow breath. He hated her thinking about her former mate and her past struggles but she never showed a trace of emotion herself. Whenever she talked about it there was always a disinterested tone to her voice as if she was relating someone else's past. He hated her tone almost as much as he hated what happened to her. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. She should be angry. "I was angry for a long time," Phoebe said stroking her cheek. "But that isn't a healthy way to live. So I moved on. I gave up hope of finding a second chance mate, which I shouldn't have done, but that didn't stop me from meeting you. Did it?"
"No." Jason leaned forward and nuzzled her. "You made me chase you but I didn't mind."
"You don't have to forgive your father," Phoebe said, "but let go of your anger. I'd rather our pup didn't imprint on that." "Our pup," Jason breathed looking at the envelope partially crushed in his hand.
"Is there anything in there that will change who you are?" Phoebe prompted. "Or change what we have together?"
"No." Jason caressed her cheek and tucked a hair behind her ear. "You are my everything."
With a sigh he straightened out the envelope and opened it before drawing out the paper inside. He wasn't certain if it was longer or shorter than he expected. Phoebe stroked his hair letting him read at his own pace. He didn't need to but he read it aloud trying to keep his voice even.
To My Son,
I made mistakes. I admit that. I never did right by your mother or you and it nearly cost me everything. Even though you and your mother lived I still lost you. I lost your mother's trust and your respect. There is nothing I can say that will change that but I owe you the explanation you demanded from me.
I always wanted my fated mate: longed for her, looked for her whenever I ventured some place new. I already knew she was not a part of my pack. I didn't care what she was: alpha, beta, omega, rogue or witch. It wouldn't have mattered to me. I wanted her and only her by my side but I was not patient.
I didn't wait for her. I indulged in other she-wolves to pass the time. The she-wolves I spent most of my time with were members of my pack. We grew up together, went to the same school. I considered them friends and later friends with benefits. My wolf wasn't happy with me but my time with them meant nothing.
Apparently they didn't feel the same way. I don't know if I did not make the situation clear and misled them or if they deliberately ignored it and misled themselves, but they thought I would settle for a chosen mate. That wasn't my intention and I certainly didn't want any of them to reject their fated mates in hopes of being with me.
I felt guilty for not making myself clearer. That's why I didn't banish them. I took so much from them I couldn't take away their pack too. But it strained my relationship with your mother. Our bond was already so weak because of how we met. I'd give anything to take it all back. I wish I had your strength and patience so I could have given your mother the love, home and mate she deserved.
You are so much better than me. I know when you meet your mate she will be your moon, your mate and your Luna. She will be your everything because that is what you will give her. Everything.
I don't deserve your forgiveness so I will not ask for it. When you find your Luna always hold her close and never let anyone stand between you and her. Love her, cherish her and protect her with every fiber of your being.
And give me plenty of grandpups. I only wish I could be there to hold them. I'll be watching over all of you from the Moonlit Fields.
Love,
Your father
Jason sighed, slowly folding it and putting it back in the envelope. Phoebe's fingers stroked his hair as she watched him. She could feel his uncertainty through the bond. It was clear he didn't know quite what to think. "Jason?" Phoebe caressed his cheek. She knew this wouldn't be easy and she didn't expect him to simply accept his father's admission but at least he didn't have to wonder any longer.
"I don't...I can't forgive him. I won't. But, he sounds like he regretted it," Jason said after a moment. "You're right about hating him, the anger doesn't do me any good. I guess I can... let it go."
Phoebe nodded. It was more than she expected and his words were probably more in service to her than himself. The feeling through the bond was one of confusion and contradictory, fleeting emotions he was struggling to process. But that was to be expected. Jason suddenly gripped her hips, repositioning her on top of him with a smile that caught her by surprise. He leaned forward kissing her before suddenly pulling off her lingerie. She could feel his member stiff behind her and ready. "Jason?" Phoebe whispered her face warm.
"The old man said to give him plenty of grandpups," Jason said, "we should practice."
A laugh burst from her as he caressed her skin letting his eyes slowly roamed her body soaking in the soft blush that warmed her pale skin as his gaze lingered. It still amazed him how innocent she remained despite all the times they made love. She was still uncomfortable in her own skin though she made such a tempting and effective seductress.
"I love to watch you," Jason hummed running his hands along her curves. "I've been good, haven't I? I deserve a reward, don't I?"
Phoebe fought a laugh pecking a kiss on his lips only to follow it with a deeper kiss. It was difficult to deny him especially with Máni suggesting all sorts of lewd thoughts. Her wolf was never satisfied so long as their mate was willing.
This wasn't what she expected after he read the letter but perhaps she should have. His father's words and tone were shocking and he needed time to process it without questions. She moved slowly taking him inside her. He groaned with pleasure as her warmth wrapped around him.
"Phoebe," he sighed.
She hesitated before rocking forward slowly building up her pace as Máni encouraged her. This position always embarrassed her but he liked giving her control. His gaze never left her and a smile played on his face as she pleasured herself on top of him. He moaned as their hips grinded together. His pelvis jerked upward matching her motion. Phoebe moaned bracing herself and increasing her pace chasing the feeling building within.
His smile widened as she lost her hesitation and her confidence returned. His angel. His everything. Goddess, she was beautiful. His father had never been more right.
No one would take her away from him. No one would be allowed to come between them. He would protect his mate and their pup with his life.
###Chapter 90
"Prince Nolan, the king requests your presence."
Nolan looked at the messenger and nodded. There had been a strange tension throughout the palace for the last week. He heard his father tried to forcefully search Blue Moon's estate only to be turned away at the gate stating he had no authority to do so. And he didn't. Pack estates might technically be in the royal family's territory but they were considered the territory of the individual pack so the borders must be respected as such. That also meant they were exempt from searches without justifiable cause as approved by the Council. Nolan had walked past his father's office to overhear his father in a rage over the phone.
"What do you mean I don't have just cause?! I'm telling you that b***h is dangerous to us all! She'll destroy everything! I don't care if he has taken her for his mate! Jason has no idea what he's invited into his pack. It's for his own good. What do you mean how do I know?"
Since then Nolan tried to avoid his father whenever possible. It wouldn't do him any good to attract his notice. Unfortunately they still were unable to figure out why the king hated Blue Moon's Luna with such vigor. And he had no idea why his father wished to see him now. Reaching the office he knocked before entering.
There he found his brother sitting in their father's seat a thoughtful expression on his face.
"Achan?" Nolan hesitated, "I was told father wanted to see me?"
"He had to go lay down," Achan chuckled. "The Council wouldn't approve a war declaration against Blue Moon." "He actually tried that?"
Achan snorted, "I would have requested a halt of trade or an investigation of their assets. They probably would have rejected that too. Blue Moon is, if nothing else, studious in its contributions and record-keeping. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Their services are too valuable and apparently that new silver healing balm belongs to them though how they came up with it is anyone's guess." "I heard a pair of she-wolves invented it."
"Yeah right!" Achan laughed. "Females are only good for one thing and one thing only."
Nolan gritted his teeth to prevent himself answering. By now he was inured to Achan's misogynistic and callous nature. According to what Nolan heard one of the she-wolves who invented the balm was none other than Blue Moon's Luna but he didn't think that information would help this situation in the slightest.
Clearing his throat he said, "Well, if father is resting I'll be on my way and see him later."
"Hold on."
Nolan paused looking back at his brother.
"Without father here we'll be able to speak freely."
Nolan gave his brother a curious look.
"I don't suppose father told you why he wants the silver wolf dead?"
"No. He doesn't tell me anything."
Achan declared, "We have that in common. He used to be much more open until Selena's first shift."
Nolan frowned. It was rare for Achan to be so thoughtful or curious. However, he was right. Their father had been delighted when their sister was born. But that was before Selena shifted. Their father's attitude changed immediately. He barely looked at her and couldn't stand to be in her presence. Whenever their mother praised her rare beauty their father looked at her in disgust. But why?
And now he was single-mindedly pursuing Blue Moon's Luna.
"No matter what you think, it's strange," Achan said.
"Agreed," Nolan nodded seeing his brother's gaze gleam. "And you know why."
"You're not the only one who had been digging," Achan shrugged.
"Are you going to gloat or share?"
"Neither," Achan said after a moment, "but you...you are going to challenge Jason for his position."
"You want me to challenge for the title of Blue Moon's Alpha?" Nolan asked. "Are you insane?"
"Probably."
"Forget it."
"This is your chance to get on father's good side. If you take over Blue Moon you can hand him that she-wolf on a platter." "If," Nolan emphasized, "I'll never beat Jason in single-combat."
Nolan was no fool. A werewolf's aura was a measure of their strength and Jason's far surpassed anything he had ever felt. Not even the king in his prime matched it, Nolan was quite certain. For him to step in the arena with Jason was suicide. "You are a prince! Surely you are not afraid of a mere alpha," Achan teased.
"That isn't how it works," Nolan said. "You know that. Jason isn't just some alpha. He's thee Alpha of Blue Moon. Ancient blood flows through his veins. Not to mention training. His pack specializes in combat. Were you not watching when he slipped out of our territory right under father's nose? We still don't know where he is." "He's back in his pack and on his home turf."
"How do you know that?"
"Does it matter?" Achan smiled.
"What exactly are you planning?"
"The less you know the better," Achan said. "All you need to know is your part. You are going to challenge Jason." "Why?"
"Look, if you win you will have father's eternal gratitude. You can ask him for anything. There's no reward he wouldn't be happy to bestow."
"You say that as if I actually have a chance, but know I don't. So why should I pick a fight I have no hope of winning?" "Because it's the only way to keep your mate safe."
"I-I don't know what you are talking about."
"Yes, you do. Your little ruse may have the old man duped but you haven't been as careful as you think you've been." "So you're planning to sacrifice me."
"Oh please, I doubt Jason will actually kill you."
"So what is the point?"
"The point is I don't need you to win."
"You just need him distracted," Nolan surmised, "I'm the distraction for a different plan, right?"
"As I said, the less you know the better. Just do your part and I won't tell father about your mate."
Nolan gritted his teeth. He wanted to deny it but his brother was too confident. If Achan had any strengths it was certainly his ability to sniff out secrets no matter how deeply they were buried. Nolan had done his best not to leave a trail but he should have known better. If Achan wanted to find out something there was no counter measure great enough to keep that information safe.
In that sense, Jason was his greatest opponent. The Blue Moon Alpha made security his top priority and as far as Nolan knew Achan had never succeeded in infiltrating the pack either digitally or physically. No cyber attack managed to breech Blue Moon's firewalls and no pack member would turn spy against their alpha. Had that changed?
No. If Achan had an actual way into the pack he wouldn't need to rely on Nolan as a distraction. Yet, it was strange Achan was sharing this much interest in anything, let alone something that concerned their father.
"Why are you so interested in Jason's Luna?" Nolan asked.
Achan's smile broadened. His eyes gleamed. Nolan couldn't help but think he looked like a cat playing with a mouse. Not a very flattering image for a wolf to be sure.
"She intrigues me," Achan said.
Nolan gave his brother a dubious look.
Achan laughed, "You have to admit you're intrigued too. Such a plain, pretty little thing. She must be a tiger in bed!" Nolan snorted.
"What? You saw how Jason was acting: nuzzling and sneaking kisses. A man like that doesn't act like that unless the female does him something fierce."
Nolan shook his head, "I don't think you understand the mate bond at all."
"Oh please, I know all about it. I had a mate, remember?"
"Yeah. I do," Nolan winced at the memory of the delicate young omega.
She didn't stand a chance. If fated mates were meant to bring out the best in each other the omega was meant to bring out Achan's gentleness and compassion. It might have even worked if he hadn't dosed himself with wolfsbane to prevent his wolf from stopping him. The omega didn't last one night. Nolan wished that was the worst thing he ever witnessed, but it wasn't.
"I wonder if Jason's the sort of wolf who prefers a dominate partner or a submissive one. I'd love to find out. Something tells me she's feisty. I like when they have spirit."
Nolan warily eyed his brother.
Achan picked up the phone on the desk and held it out to him, "But first, you need to make a phone call."
###Chapter 91
"Alpha, you wanted to see me?" a young warrior stepped into the office.
"Yes, Dash," Zain nodded encouraging the young male to enter.
Like most werewolves, Dash had a dark complexion as well as hair and eyes. Given that wolves originated from the Mediterranean region many still bore the hallmarks common to that area even after centuries of breeding. "How can I help you, Alpha?" Dash asked as he stood in front of the desk.
"We have ourselves a little problem that could become an issue," Zain said. "It seems the royal family is not happy with Blue Moon's Luna. They are attempting to petition the Council to declare was on the pack." "Why would the royal family do that? What did the Luna do?"
"She was born," Zain sighed.
The answer only confused Dash more and asked, "Alpha, I don't know much about politics but I do know we have close ties with Blue Moon. Do you...plan on supporting them even against the royal family?" "That is the question," Zain sighed, "but you won't like this next part."
"Alpha?"
"You remember that friend of yours from your old pack?"
"....Phoebe?" Dash asked. It had been years since he saw or even spoke to her, the one wolf who seemed to understand him. If not for her support he wouldn't have been able to leave. He would have taken her with him but her mother just passed away and her father wasn't doing well.
He contacted her later after he settled in at Strawberry Moon only to learn she had taken in two orphans. Given her caring heart it didn't surprise him at all. It pained him all the more because no one in Rimrock appreciated her efforts. And it especially annoyed him her own fated mate didn't appreciate her.
She never breathed a word who had been dumb enough to reject her but he had his suspicions. Phoebe was intelligent, kind, humble and treated every pup like her own. It was obvious to him she was meant to be Luna, which meant the fool had to be their Alpha. Dash couldn't stand it the fact that their Alpha took a chosen mate when his fated mate was right in front of him. Others in the pack warned him fated bonds didn't sever completely unless their wolves accepted the rejection as well which meant Phoebe would be subjected to his betrayal every night he was with his chosen mate. He wanted to help and practically begged his Luna to request a transfer.
Luna Chandler warned it would be a long-shot especially if the Rimrock Alpha was her mate but agreed to try. It had been rejected. Dash practically begged Phoebe to make the journey to Strawberry Moon even if she had to go rogue. But she wouldn't leave the pups and she wouldn't allow them to go rogue with an uncertain future.
He shouldn't have been surprised. Phoebe was impossibly stubborn and it irritated him how she undervalued herself. She was so busy taking care of others she never bothered about herself.
"I don't understand, what does this have to do about Phoebe?" Dash asked, his mind returning to the present. "She's Blue Moon's Luna."
Dash remained silent as the news sunk in before suddenly doubling over in laughter. It was too much. Phoebe, dear, sweet Phoebe, who had been treated like s**t by their own pack, rejected by her mate, was now the Luna of the world's most powerful pack. It was too much. The Goddess certainly knew how to twist a screw.
"Dash?" Zain let him go for awhile before trying to calm him, "are you okay?"
"Yeah," Dash caught his breath, "you're sure? I mean, was she all right? Did Alpha Jason treat her all right? Was she happy?
"I've known Jason for quite a few years," Zain said. "He has been desperate to find his fated mate. I've never seen any wolf look so tirelessly for their mate. I can assure you he adores her and I would say worships the ground she walks on." "He does?"
"Rest assured his devotion knows no bounds."
A smile twitched Dash's lips. Finally, someone appreciated and treated Phoebe with the love she deserved. She deserved every moment of happiness.
"He also adopted the orphans she took in," Zain said.
"Really? He did?" Dash asked surprised. "An alpha?"
"There is nothing Jason will not do for his Luna to make her happy."
Dash heard many rumors of the Blue Moon Alpha. He was reserved, unemotional and distant. Jason treated everyone with respect but he avoided emotional entanglements. Many thought he was cold but that didn't stop several she-wolves from pursuing him. He didn't spare any of them a single thought.
It was hard to believe Alpha Jason could be soft and adoring let along adopt pups that had no relation to him. Could it really be true?
"But...you said the royal family is against Blue Moon's Luna."
"I did," Zain nodded. "The king seems to think she will destroy the fabric of werewolf society."
"Phoebe?" Dash exclaimed. "Impossible! There is no way. Phoebe is the kindest, most selfless wolf ever to live. There is no way she is capable of that."
"I only met her for a few moments but...I am inclined to agree," Zain nodded. "She was quite charming and sincere."
"She is," Dash quickly agreed. "Absolutely."
They were both silent for a time thinking about the startling facts.
"How could the king even think that?" Dash suddenly asked. Did the king even meet Phoebe?
"...I think it has something to do with her wolf's color," Zain said. "She's silver."
"Silver?" Dash repeated.
"You didn't know?"
"No. She never shifted in front of anyone. Most in the pack thought she was wolfless."
"But not you?"
"Well, no. I mean, my wolf said she had one and deserved to be respected."
"Interesting," Zain muttered, "very strange. But we should learn more shortly. New Moon is planning to contact Blue Moon. They should be able to inform them about silver wolves which just leaves the royal family angle and why they hate silver wolves." "What are we going to do?" Dash asked feeling sick to his stomach. They couldn't simply do nothing. Phoebe deserved to be happy and if the Blue Moon Alpha made her happy then they should be left alone.
"That is the question, isn't it?" Zain sighed.
It was the question plaguing him since the princess's birthday. Blue Moon was a close ally and they shared blood ties. But even more than that Zain genuinely like Jason. Jason was intelligent and noble-minded. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. He came from a strong bloodline and possessed a powerful aura but he wasn't domineering. Jason preferred to coordinate and network with conversation rather than giving orders. He was likeable with a firm moral compass. He was admired and his opinion often consulted. None of this went to his head. He wasn't arrogant and he didn't make demands or attempt to oppress others. Perhaps this made the royal family underestimate him. The king actually thought he could command Jason. And he thought the other packs would support conflict against Blue Moon. Zain wasn't sure if the king was blind or just stupid. But that still left what they were going to do.
At a thousand members Strawberry Moon was a prominent pack though not quite at the level of the ancient packs. Still they had quite a bit of influence and a respected voice. So what move did they want to make? What message should they send? A knock interrupted his thoughts as Chandler entered, "Oh, am I interrupting?"
"Not at all," Zain smiled welcoming him with a hug and quick kiss. Already his anxiety diminished with his Luna's presence.
"Luna," Dash nodded in recognition and respect.
Chandler was the epitome of a proper Luna: carrying yet firm, gentle yet strong, intelligent and quick-witted. Every pup was his own and any time a pack member had an issue no matter how small he was there.
"What brings you here?" Zain asked. He certainly didn't mind his Luna's visits but Chandler generally spent his day with various pack members and organizing events.
"Em just sent a message," Chandler said, handing him his phone.
Zain frowned reading it before shooting Chandler a look only to see his face was equally concerned. He looked to Dash still standing in front of him.
"Dash, I want you to take a hundred of our best and head to Blue Moon to support them."
"Alpha?"
"Go. Get it done."
"Yes Alpha!" Dash spun on his heel and departed on his mission.
Zain looked at Chandler, "What do you think it means?"
"No idea, but it's big. If she's sending the message to me instead of Jason they are trying to keep it secret. Blue Moon's communication is probably being monitored. This isn't the first time they've used us as a proxy to pass along important messages." Zain nodded. "I already prepared them a private jet to get them back here as quickly as possible. What do you think this is about?"
"I don't know," Zain shook his head. "But Jason has waded into a much larger pond than I thought. I don't know what the Moon Goddess is thinking but I have a feeling nothing is going to be the same once this is over."
###Chapter 92
Jason focused on the reports in front of him. After the last few days he needed the distraction. Luke and Ben had tracked down his father's other partners. One was still a member of Blue Moon and happily mated with her fated mate. The other joined her fated mate's pack and lived in North Carolina. It seemed that some of his father's trysts moved on. Even so he couldn't relax. For now he ordered them to be monitored but left it at that. As long as there was nothing suspicious in their activities and communication there was nothing to be done. Luke was double-checking anyone, pack member or not, that might have a vendetta against him or his father. Jason had always run his pack fairly but there were always a few that felt slighted by policies. Thankfully his father had also been a fair Alpha. It was his private life that was a mess.
"Alpha? We have an issue."
"Oh?" Jason came to attention as the warriors monitoring the main road into the territory contacted him. He opened the link, allowing both Luke and Ben to hear as well.
"We have about a hundred warriors here from Strawberry Moon. Their captain says they've been sent to help. He was as message for you direct from his Alpha."
"Let the envoy through with the message. Have the others wait until I see for myself."
"Yes Alpha."
"Did you know?" Luke asked. Normally Alpha Zain would have contacted them ahead of time to warn them prior to sending out warriors. "No." Jason frowned.
They had good relations with Strawberry Moon and thanks to Christina they shared familial bonds. In the past Zain sent warriors to Blue Moon for advanced training or else requested trainers from Blue Moon to his pack for the same. It helped the pack grow into such a powerful entity in a relatively short time. There was an unshakable bond of respect between both packs and a strong alliance. But this was unprecedented.
Zain never sent warriors without making arrangements first. It made Jason nervous that the Strawberry Moon Alpha had picked up on rumors he hadn't yet. Was he missing something?
He waited anxiously for the envoy not sure what to expect even when Luke ushered in the warrior. The wolf in front of him was average height and build, perhaps a little on the lanky side, speaking to his speed and agility. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Jason sensed this warrior was just as anxious as he was having never met face to face before. No doubt he knew plenty of rumors that swirled around Jason and didn't know what to expect.
"Alpha," the warrior finally acknowledged with a nod.
"And you are?"
"Dash Johnson, Alpha Zain sent me with a message for you," he revealed a small envelope and handed it to him. Jason accepted it noting it was sealed, "Do you have any idea what is in this?"
"No." Dash shook his head. "I only know Luna Chandler received a message from his sister and the contents made our Alpha dispatch a hundred warriors to assist you in protecting Phoebe...I mean Luna Phoebe."
Jason stiffened, "What do you know about my Luna?"
"We grew up together in the same pack. She was pretty much the only friend I had and when I couldn't stand it any longer she helped me leave. It always upset me I couldn't get her out too," Dash shook his head, "but she wouldn't leave her parents or the pups she was taking care of. That's how I know the royal family is wrong. Phe-I mean, Luna Phoebe, is kind and generous and incapable of doing what they claim."
Jason sucked in a slow breath. He recalled Phoebe and Chandler talking about a warrior during the princess's birthday. That's why this wolf seemed familiar. Though Jason couldn't help but be jealous, it was clear this wolf only wanted the best for Phoebe and was sincere about protecting her.
"Phoebe?"
"Yes."
"Can I have you up to the office? There is someone here to see you...an old friend."
"Of course!"
Jason couldn't help the little spur of jealousy at her enthusiasm but he knew she would be happy to see an old friend and she apparently didn't have many from that time of her life. He wanted her to have as many connections as possible to prove to her how great a Luna she was and had always been even if no one recognized it.
To distract himself he opened the envelope and the small card containing Zain's message. It was barely a single sentence but it pierced her heart with fear he never felt before and stirred a rage seldom unleashed.
"Jason!" Luke snapped as he, Ben and Dash cowered at the weight of his aura.
Jason jerked to attention and withdrew his overbearing aura, "Sorry."
"What the hell got you so uptight?" Ben asked.
Instead of answering he merely held out the card. Hesitantly, Ben accepted it and read it before exclaiming, "What? What does this mean? Hey, did you know about this?"
Dash blinked shaking his head, "Alpha Zain never shared the contents. He just said to lead a team up here to help." Ben frowned handing the card to Luke. The Beta stared at it in surprise.
The silver wolf must be protected at all costs!
The future depends on it.
Talk to you soon
Em & Chris
"What the f**k?" Luke asked through their shared link.
Jason shook his head. The message was cryptic and straight forward at the same time. Clearly, Emily and Christina wanted to warn them even if they didn't want to say too much over open channels. They said all that needed to be said. No wonder Alpha Zain immediately sent reinforcements.
A knock interrupted further contemplation and the door opened to reveal Phoebe. She looked at Jason with a note of concern. No doubt she had felt everything through the bond. Her gaze passed over Luke and Ben before settling on the one wolf who was not immediately familiar.
He was certainly a warrior, well-trained and disciplined. Yet he seemed nervous. Standing in front of Jason she could sympathize especially when his aura was fueled by rage as it had been moments ago. But there was also a strange longing in the warrior's gaze...and something familiar. His scent was also familiar...
"Dash?" Phoebe suddenly exclaimed as memories long buried finally surfaced.
"Hi...Phoebe," he grinned.
"Oh my Goddess!" she exclaimed immediately wrapping him in a hug.
He used to be such a small, lean male but he had grown and filled out well since they last saw each other. Sensing Jason's discomfort she kept the contact brief even as relief filled her seeing her friend so well.
"I just saw Luna Chandler and he told me how well you were doing. I'm so glad!"
"Thanks. Alpha Zain told me they saw you. You look amazing," Dash said and meant it. After her rejection Phoebe lost so much weight and became so morose and lethargic. Her mother's death and her father's poor health certainly didn't help but eventually she started spending more time in her mother's garden and her mood improved.
The difference between her then and now was nothing short of night and day. Phoebe had certainly gained weight. Her complexion had always been on the paler side but she now had a healthy glow and a vibrancy that was hard to ignore.
"Thank you," Phoebe blushed. "I admit it's all still pretty new but...I wouldn't want to be anywhere else."
She glanced toward Jason with a warm smile. He felt her love radiating through their bond and Lobo immediately settled. Since the moment she embraced the other male his wolf raised his hackles wanting to renew their claim. But injuring her friend would also hurt Phoebe and Jason didn't want to bear the label of an over-bearing, jealous Alpha.
Seeing her smile eased his mind considerably. Phoebe and Dash might have been childhood friends but in her heart she belonged to him. Stepping forward, Jason gently grasped her hand kissing it and subtly drawing her away from the warrior. The action was not lost on Dash but he saw immediately that Phoebe was all too happy to be held by her Alpha mate.
###Chapter 93
"Alpha Zain sent Dash and about a hundred warriors to help bolster our forces as a sign of solidarity between our packs," Jason explained. "He did?" Phoebe seemed surprised. "Oh, where will we put them all? Are they here?"
"The majority are still waiting at our border," Jason nodded to Luke who immediately sent the link to allow them entry." Zain didn't send any communication prior to their arrival so I wasn't sure why they were here. Dash had a message for me which is why I allowed him to enter first." "Oh," Phoebe nodded. It seemed a wise precaution considering the situation they were in. "Do we have enough rooms in the packhouse for them?"
"Actually, it will be better to house them in the warrior barracks," Ben interjected. "They'll need to train alongside ours so they can be integrated with them. We'll also have to pair them up since we won't be able to mindlink with them directly." Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The others nodded in agreement. Unless Dash and the others joined Blue Moon they wouldn't be able to access the pack link. They could mindlink with those in sight but to maintain a communication network they'd need a partner with Blue Moon's warriors.
"Who do we have that is good with coordinating and combined training?" Jason asked pulling Phoebe into his embrace allowing his scent to cover the warrior's that had transferred to her. He kissed her temple and nuzzled her making it clear to their visitor she belonged to him.
Phoebe seemed unaware of his possessive gesture welcoming his nearness and touch. Dash; however, understood perfectly. He knew he wasn't much of a challenge to an Alpha but if Phoebe expressed any desire to leave he still would have done what was necessary to help her escape. But it was easy to see Phoebe was comfortable in Jason's arms and welcoming to his advancements. It was also very clear Alpha Jason cherished his mate. His aura swirled protectively around her.
"Let's see," Luke thought aloud ignoring Jason's silent territorial claim. "Chaz is probably my first choice, though Noah and Cam are both experienced too."
It didn't surprise Jason Luke's top three picks had been part of the security team. There was a particular art for warriors to integrate and work with those from other packs without disrupting the chain of command already established at those packs. Chaz, Noah and Cam were veterans of such training.
"Chaz is teaching a class and Noah is a patrol," Luke looked at the daily rosters. "Cam should be free for lunch."
Jason nodded as Luke opened a link and summoned the trusty warrior. Cam had already proven loyal to his Luna. He would instill that loyalty into the newcomers and keep an eye on them for detractors. "So, I guess it's good you didn't join Strawberry Moon," Dash said after a moment looking to Phoebe who seemed completely at ease even in the arms of arguably the most powerful Alpha on the planet. She blushed, "I guess so. It wasn't easy but once Jason found me everything seemed to fall into place...even things I didn't understand. I'm glad I stayed and I wouldn't change where I am for anything." Jason's embrace tightened even as he winced at the thought of the troubles she endured because of her first mate. Dash could see his concern even without feeling the protective aura that surrounded Phoebe. "I'm glad you're happy," Dash said, "and safe. Rimrock didn't deserve your care and attention. And I'm glad to see Blue Moon treats you much better."
Dash glanced at the high-ranking wolves around him with a grateful nod. It didn't make what Rimrock did better but at least Phoebe had her peace of mind back. With a devoted Jason at her side she wouldn't suffer again. "Thank you," Phoebe smiled. "I certainly wouldn't want to go back but I wouldn't change this."
She leaned against Jason her hand involuntarily settling over her stomach as she thought about the news Máni revealed. Truthfully Phoebe was still adjusting to the idea but she couldn't wait until they could see and hear the life growing inside her. "Phoebe," Dash hesitated, "are you-"
Her eyes widened, realizing he picked up on her subtle gesture, "Oh...yes. At least, my wolf is pretty sure. But we're not telling anyone just yet because of...everything. Please don't say anything until we confirm it. I don't want everyone to get excited only to be disappointed."
"Of course," Dash assured her even as his mind reeled.
Jason's embrace tightened his hand covering hers as his chest rumbled with a possessive growl. One look was all Dash needed to confirm how protective the Alpha already was over the as of yet unconfirmed pregnancy and his potential progeny. The royal family was foolish indeed to threaten Blue Moon's Luna.
At a knock Dash jerked to attention. Ben opened the door allowing the warrior on the other side to enter. Cam nodded respectively before coming up short and staring at the stranger. His nostrils flared and they spoke at the same time," Mate."
Luke and Ben raised eyebrows, sharing dubious looks. Jason, too, seemed taken aback but Phoebe struggled to contain her mirth sensing the bond flaring between two wolves she viewed as close friends. Dash and Cam looked awestruck as both had all but given up finding their mates after years of searching. It was almost unfair to know now their mate had been waiting so close in a pack allied to their own.
"Umm," Jason cleared his throat, "Cam, this is Dash from Strawberry Moon. He and about a hundred warriors were sent by their Alpha to bolster our ranks. Dash, this is Cam. He'll be showing you and your warriors the ropes, integrating them with our forces and pairing them up. Any questions or...complaints?"
It didn't seem as if either warrior was listening. Eventually, the pair slowly nodded in acceptance not that Jason thought they'd protest. Cam suddenly jerked to attention glancing Jason's way but his gaze was on Phoebe. Dash followed the gesture a second later. He blushed lightly. Sheepishly the warriors departed to meet the Strawberry Moon warriors at their doorstep.
"What did you say?" Jason asked, suspicious of his Luna.
"Nothing," Phoebe chuckled, "I just let each of them know the other's favorite foods and a movie idea."
Jason stifled a laugh and hugged her tighter. No matter what situation they were surrounded by she delighted in the formation of new bonds and was eager to see them properly completed. Was that the innate purpose of the silver wolf? "Well, this should be interesting," Ben said. "Why?" Phoebe asked.
"Cam's always had a thing for pretty boys. He's never been attracted to a fellow warrior before," Ben chuckled.
"Pretty boy, huh?" Phoebe repeated. "Maybe I should show him some pictures of Dash when we were kids, although I wouldn't want to embarrass Dash."
"Really?" Ben pried.
"We used to say he was dashing," Phoebe said. "Quite a few she-wolves had a crush on him until they found out he wasn't interested."
Ben nodded, finding this information hugely interesting. Luke was not nearly as amused, saying, "As interesting as this is we've gotten off topic. Like that message Alpha Zain sent."
"Message?" Phoebe repeated, looking at Jason.
"You remember I told you about Ben's sister, Christina, right?"
"Yes," Phoebe nodded.
It pained her greatly thinking how badly Christina and her mother suffered at the hands of her own father. Phoebe couldn't begin to understand the amount of depravity the male possessed. Had their kind really fallen so far from the Moon Goddess that they would commit such atrocities? And the Goddess still tried to reach out to her wayward children?
"Well, her mate is Luna Chandler's sister," Jason continued. "They both like to travel so I've employed them as information gatherers and sometimes spies. They sent this message to Strawberry Moon, I assume because they aren't being watched as closely as we are. Alpha Zain passed it on to us."
Reluctantly Jason handed her the card allowing her to read it and process the information. Phoebe frowned. She looked up at Jason confused. What exactly did it mean?
"We're not sure," Jason answered the unasked question. "Clearly Chris and Em didn't want to say too much over an unsecured channel. But whatever they found warranted this message."
"I don't understand," Phoebe shook her head. "For the future? I don't understand. What am I supposed to do?"
"Shh," Jason embraced her, sensing her disquiet through the bond. "We're still not sure. We'll know more when they get here. Until them, I'm not taking any chances with your or our pup."
He pressed his forehead against hers feeling through the bond when she settled. Jason kissed her forehead. She was his future and he would protect it at all costs.
The phone blared to life startling them. Jason cursed under his breath. Couldn't they have a few minutes of peace? Luke picked up the receiver, "Blue Moon, Beta Luke, speaking...what? Yeah, he's here. Hold on, let me put you on speaker." When Luke glanced his way Jason had an immediate sinking feeling. He definitely wasn't going to like this call.
###Chapter 94
Jason nodded, keeping Phoebe close and marshalling his control.
Luke nodded, "You are on speaker, Prince Nolan. Go ahead."
"Alpha
Jason?"
"Your highness," Jason answered.
"Elder Ansel?"
"I'm here," the Elder answered alerting them they were in fact on a conference call. "Alpha Jason, greetings."
"Elder Ansel," Jason frowned wondering what game the prince was playing. It certainly wasn't his usual style.
"Good, then we are all here," Prince Nolan sighed. "I am...issuing an official challenge to Alpha Jason for the right to lead Blue Moon."
"What?" Jason repeated. "Your Highness I don't think you know what you are doing and I can assure you it is not going to end well for you."
"I assure you...I know exactly what I was doing," Nolan replied.
"Do you accept this challenge, Alpha Jason?" Ansel asked. "You may accept or forfeit your position."
Jason growled. His mind raced, trying to reason why Nolan would make such a challenge. The second prince had always seemed a reasonable wolf, not prone to the drama of his siblings. He also seemed well aware of his own strength. There wasn't any way he actually thought he stood a chance in this fight, not in a fair duel.
"Alpha Jason, your answer?"
"Prince Nolan, you understand this will be a duel between the two of us. You will fight with your own strength, no proxies." "...I understand and I would have it no other way."
"Alpha Jason?" Ansel prompted again.
"I accept."
"Very well," Ansel sighed, "as this is a duel among alphas an arena on neutral ground shall be arranged. You both have a week to prepare yourselves. An elder shall be sent to you in three days so that you are aware of the rules."
"Fine," Alpha Jason agreed, "Prince Nolan, you best make your peace with the Goddess before we meet." "As should you."
"I'm sorry it came to this," Ansel said before disconnecting.
Luke picked up the receiver and set it back on the cradle, massaging his temple. This was certainly not a turn of events he could have predicted.
"Sooo," Ben hesitated, "that just happened. What's the plan?"
Jason breathed in slowly shoving away his doubts. His questions would solve nothing when there were things to do and tasks they needed to accomplish.
"I want you to increase patrols and surveillance. Recall non-essential pack members to seek shelter in designated safe houses."
"Right," Luke nodded before he and Ben departed.
For years they had developed emergency plans in case the pack was attacked. Never in a million years did they imagine ever enacting them but now was definitely the time. They had allowed the pack to continue as is despite the threat because they didn't want to raise alarm but now it was time for all to prepare to protect their Luna.
"Jason, why is this happening?" Phoebe shivered. "Is it because I'm a silver wolf? It is, isn't it? Am I not even allowed to be happy?"
"Phoebe, shh-shh," Jason gathered her into his arms and quickly settled on the couch to hold and sooth her. "Shh, shh-shh, angel."
She shivered in his arms. The feeling through the bond was one of devastation and fear. Her unknown destiny was crushing her under its weight.
"Let me tell you something, angel. You deserve all the happiness life can give you," Jason intoned. "And I'm going to make sure you have every moment you are entitled to."
"But if it weren't for me.."
"If it weren't for you I'd never known happiness or the joy of being complete, of being a father. You brought all of this to me. And to my pack."
"But...I've put them all in danger."
"No. You haven't. Do you know how many of them have found their fated mate because of you? Noah, Shannon, Cam, your friends Bridget and Dash. And that is just the tip of the iceberg. Have you forgotten Will and Lily?"
Jason stroked her cheeks wiping away tears.
"That's what you do. You bring wolves together. And anyone who can't see that is a fool. I won't allow anyone to disrupt your mission or our family. I will keep you safe."
"But this duel..."
"I don't know what Nolan is thinking. He knows he can't win," Jason shook his head. "Not in a fair duel."
"I don't understand," Phoebe shook her head, snuggling into his chest.
"I'm stronger than him, a lot stronger. I promise you, he can't win this fight."
"Really?"
"I already stipulated no proxies, which means he has to fight on his own. The ledges will ensure a fair duel, probably line the arena with silver so we can't receive help from outside. We will monitor security to ensure no one can interfere. I promise you, there is no scenario in which I don't win."
Phoebe huddled against him slowly calming under his caresses and surrounded by his scent. Jason sighed. He wasn't sure what the royal family was thinking, picking a fight they had no chance at winning. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Regardless of how they felt about silver wolves they had to know they were heading down the path of destruction by challenging him and his pack. At the very least, he thought Prince Nolan was smarter than that.
"Jason?" Phoebe asked, sensing his wandering thoughts.
"I just wish I knew what the prince was thinking. He knows he can't win. I always thought he was smarter than his brother. This challenge isn't like him."
"It isn't?"
"No. Nolan has always been straightforward. He doesn't like playing games. That's usually his brother's purview. This challenge stinks of Achan."
In fact, the more he thought about it the more it felt like the first prince had taken control of the chessboard. Right now he was arranging his pieces and preparing his attack.
"Achan likes games but he also hates direct confrontation. He prefers to stab you in the back and he hates getting his hands dirty," Jason explained. "He probably put Nolan up to this somehow, maybe forcing his hand."
Phoebe frowned. She didn't know much about the royal family and what she did know left much to be desired.
"This could also be a distraction," Jason said, "a smoke screen to keep us busy while he does something else." "What else could he do?" Phoebe asked.
Jason growled holding her tight as the rumors swirling around the first prince ran through his mind. It was well-known no one survived a night with him and the condition of the remains of those same unfortunates was a thing of nightmares. Just imaging Phoebe's body so mangled that it was unrecognizable cause his aura to spike. He would not allow such a depraved soul anywhere near her.
"Jason?" Phoebe stroked his cheek hoping to calm his wave of possessiveness swirling around them. She knew it was from fear of losing her but she hated to see him in such a worked up state. "Jason?"
"Sorry angel," Jason sighed, trying to marshal his control. He hugged her close and breathed in her scent to chase away the phantom images in his mind.
Phoebe leaned against him, stroking his cheek with her fingers.
"Promise me, you won't take any chances and you won't go anywhere alone," Jason said.
"I promise."
"Good. I don't know what the royal family is planning but I will protect you."
"I know you will."
###Chapter 95
Jason waited at the door for their guest. Border patrols alerted him several minutes ago that the escort vehicle had arrived. He was too anxious to remain in his office so stood beside Luke to meet the arrival.
The past four days had been one of turmoil for both him and Phoebe. His anxiousness was transmitting through their bond affecting her. During the day she kept herself busy but at night she clung to him, needing his warmth and reassurance. He was certainly willing to provide all she wanted but he worried her stress would affect the pup.
Doctor Evans assured him it was still early and that the pup would be fine. Werewolf pregnancies tended to develop faster than with humans. Still, the first trimester progressed at about the same rate, which meant Phoebe's first scan wouldn't be for another few weeks. The doctor also took blood samples to run tests on her hormone levels, which she said were inconclusive.
However, she also assured him that Phoebe's wolf was the surest gauge of her pregnancy. She had yet to see a pregnancy confirmed by a wolf proven false. So though they hadn't yet confirmed it medically he was nonetheless assured they would be welcoming a pup very soon.
Monitoring Phoebe's well-being became his greatest distraction. He made sure to attend every meal to ensure she ate properly. And he wasn't alone. The change started subtly but the kitchen staff was making concerted efforts to ensure all her meals had proper vitamins and minerals to support the growth of a healthy pup. Phoebe thought it was too much special care but nothing she said dampened their enthusiasm.
Blake and Emma had been quick to pick up on the changes and once Norah informed them Phoebe was expecting they quickly jumped on the bandwagon. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They had a never-ending stream of questions about the pup and when it would be born. When they weren't asking questions they were making suggestions. Goddess only knows where they heard such things. They were sponges and now that they knew a sibling was on the way their ears were tuned to every conversation mentioning babies.
Phoebe was exasperated by all the extra attention but it also helped to distract her from the challenge looming over them. It distracted Jason, too, thinking about what it would be like once she started showing and he would be able to caress her round belly. He couldn't wait until he could hear the pup's heartbeat and her scent changed.
While Phoebe and her wolf would be able to bond with the pup as it developed Jason would have to build his connection later. The first step was when her scent changed. It would take on notes of the pup's scent so he would be able to recognize it from the moment it was born.
Lobo was already wondering what delicious scent would alert them to their pup's presence: perhaps a citrus scent that would compliment Phoebe's. In fact his wolf grew less and less concerned about the challenge every day preferring to focus on their pup. But Jason couldn't completely forget about the royal family's plans and the more he thought about them the more concerned he became. No matter how he looked at it, Delilah's sudden appearance and Nolan's challenge seemed to be part of a larger plan. He was also quite certain it wasn't the king's doing.
The king simply didn't have the patience or constitution for such a layered attack. He was far more emotional and impulsive. However, there was one wolf close to the king that was uniquely predisposed to conspiracies: Prince Achan. But why?
Prince Achan had no respect for his father so Jason highly doubted he was motivated by filial loyalty. Achan didn't respect anyone or bond and thrived on causing strife. Was this just another game to get under Jason's skin?
Trying to figure out Achan's true aim was far more difficult than the king. Jason still wasn't sure why the king was so fixated on Phoebe but he would know soon. They had received a message from Christina that she and Emily landed safely and were on their way. He expected them any day now hoping their movements were still under the royal family's radar. Once they arrived with their report the mystery surrounding the king would be solved and he could focus solely on Achan.
"Jace," Luke prompted drawing his attention to the approaching vehicle.
It pulled up beside the packhouse and the escort exited allowing their occupant to disembark. Jason wasn't certain which elder they would send but felt a note of relief when he saw the familiar visage of Elder Ansel. Though he had a good relationship with most of the elders, Jason had to admit his rapport with Ansel was better than most.
Each elder generally focused on certain regions and often became very familiar with the packs living within that region, attending special events and officiating many. That meant Ansel was a familiar presence since Jason could remember. Or perhaps it had to do with the fact Ansel was originally a Blue Moon pack member from before his grandfather's time. After he lost his fated mate he devoted his time and energy to the werewolf community.
"Elder," Jason reached out to shake his hand.
"Alpha Jason, I am sorry it came to this."
"Let's discuss it in my office," Jason turned leading him down the halls. "So...how is Rimrock doing?"
Ansel raised a brow at his attempt to make small talk. It was an odd subject to choose but he also had no reason to hold back information, "Beta Michael, is now Alpha Michael. And he has found his fated mate. His newly appointed Beta and Gamma are helping him regain control of the pack."
"Is that a fact?"
"Indeed. It will be a while before Rimrock can recapture its status but it should recover," Ansel nodded.
"Good. If he needs any help: warrior training, even a loan, I don't mind."
"I shall pass your words on to him. He will probably be happy with the training but I don't think he will take a loan. He said he wanted to reestablish Rimrock's businesses without incurring debt. But he will be grateful for the offer."
Jason nodded ushering him into the office and directed him to one of the chairs before taking his own seat. He had been anxious to begin but now that the Elder was there he was hesitant. Luke poured drinks before taking a station by the door to ensure they weren't interrupted.
"Luna Phoebe is not joining us?" Ansel asked.
"She's teaching a music lesson at the moment," Jason said feeling her contentment through the bond. "She hasn't been sleeping well with everything that is happening. I'd rather not disturb her if it is not necessary."
Ansel nodded. He could understand Jason's reluctance. After waiting for his fated mate for so long Ansel had hoped Jason would be able to simply enjoy his new status. In fact, he hoped the next communication he received from Blue Moon was an announcement on the birth of pups.
"So what has been decided?" Jason asked.
"We've rented a stadium from the humans," Ansel said. "It was a lot easier than building our own. It's in Calgary, neutral territory for you both. The arena will be prepared with a ring which will be lined with silver to ensure neither of you will receive aid from outside during the actual duel. As the challenged party you will have to decide whether you two will fight in your human form or as wolves."
That was nothing Jason didn't already expect. He had already stipulated no proxies no Nolan would have to fight for himself.
"Once the duel starts it can only end in one of three ways. Either one of you yields, is too injured to fight or...death."
Jason nodded. Once again it was no secret to him.
"As this was an officially sanctioned challenge there will be no repercussions leveled against you or Blue Moon in the event of Prince Nolan's death."
Jason raised an eyebrow at that. He had forgotten there were laws protecting the royal family's health and safety.
However, all such rules were null and void when it came to official challenges and duels.
"So there is no reason to hold back," Ansel said, "now, in the event Prince Nolan wins..." "He won't."
"In the event that he does..."
"He won't."
"In the highly unlikely event the prince is the victor," Ansel said, "your pack will have to swear fealty to him immediately which is why your high-ranking members must be present. You obviously cannot leave your territory unguarded so you can choose whether your Beta or Gamma will be there."
Jason let out a slow breath.
"In addition to your Luna, of course."
"What?" Jason snapped to attention.
"Luna Phoebe must be in attendance."
"Phoebe is not going anywhere near this duel. She's not leaving our territory."
"Alpha-"
"She's not going," Jason glared, his aura suddenly flaring.
"Alpha," Ansel winced. "You can assign her as many guards as you like."
"She's not going!"
Luke frowned, wondering if he should intervene. Could he even rein in his Alpha? Perhaps it was best to call for Phoebe. Suddenly he was thrown forward as the door burst open.
"I don't care what meeting the Alpha is in this has to do with the fate of werewolf kind!" Christina declared as she pushed her way in only to stop short when she saw Jason's company.
###Chapter 96
"Chris," Jason said evenly, "you remember Elder Ansel. Hello, Emily."
"Alpha," the other she-wolf greeted shooting her impatient mate a look. "We're sorry for the intrusion. We'll come back later."
"Wait, please," Ansel stood, "did you just say you have information on the fate of wolfkind?"
Emily and Christina hesitated, glancing at Jason. He rubbed his temples considering his next words carefully. This was his territory and they were pack members on a sanctioned fact-finding mission so he was well within his right to order Ansel out. It was pack business yet Christina's words rang in his mind as did their earlier warning. What if the implications were far beyond just his own pack? If so, he would need the Council on his side.
"Elder Ansel, take a seat. Chris, Em, you too," Jason gestured to the couch. They sat side-by-side apprehensive at the way his aura fluctuated. He glanced at Luke reaching out for Phoebe, "Phoebe?"
"Jason? Is something wrong? Your aura is all over the place."
"Could you join me in the office, please?"
"Of course."
Jason let out an uneasy breath. He had no idea if he was doing the right thing but he knew he needed his Luna. Lobo was prowling his mind like a caged animal and they needed Phoebe's presence to calm them or they wouldn't be able to think straight. Jason pinched the bridge of his nose trying to stave off the beginning of a headache.
The door opened and the smell of lilac and sage wafted toward him as Phoebe entered. She glanced quickly around the room recognizing Ansel but most concerning to her was Jason's aura. He had been anxious for days and his wolf restless. No doubt the elder was here to discuss the approaching duel but first thing was first.
Without a word she went to Jason embracing him as his arms wrapped around her. He bowed his head breathing in her scent as his wolf finally relaxed. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They stood forehead to forehead letting his aura settle. Once he took a breath he sat and pulled her into his lap. She didn't protest knowing he needed her close to keep him and his wolf calm.
"Phoebe, you remember Elder Ansel," Jason slowly reclaimed his control. Phoebe acknowledged him before turning her attention to the she-wolves. "You haven't met yet, but this is Christina and Emily."
"Oh! Hello," Phoebe smiled at them. "Ben and Lucy have told me so much about you!"
"Luna," the pair smiled in return, studying their Luna.
She was as petite and pretty as they had been told. But it was her aura that rendered them speechless. It was calm and all-encompassing. It swirled around them like a gentle breeze. Their wolves curled up enjoying the peace resonating within.
"Chirst and Em like to travel so they often gather information for me," Jason said as some sort of explanation to Ansel." Chris, Em, Elder Ansel is here to discuss my upcoming duel."
"Duel?" Emily repeated. That was news to them.
"Prince Nolan challenged Jason for his title and control of Blue Moon," Luke told them, letting the implications sink in.
"Yes, and as I was explaining, because this duel is for the alpha title Blue Moon's high-ranking members have to be present, including his Luna."
Jason growled, "Phoebe is not going anywhere near it."
"Shh, shh," Phoebe hushed running her hand through his hair.
Jason sighed leaning into her touch letting her sooth him and his wolf. Ansel watched, slowly relaxing. Only moments ago Jason was practically enraged and now he was docile as a kitten. Well...maybe not quite that docile. "If Jason is risking his pack what is the prince risking?" Emily asked.
"Well..."
"I mean, fair is fair," she looked to the elder. "I don't think you appreciate the gravity of the situation at all."
"I'm afraid I don't understand," Ansel said.
"Chris and Em have been gathering information for me and apparently an informant of theirs told them about a rumor concerning the royal family...certainly one I never heard before."
He nodded for them to continue. Being of calmer mind, Emily explained, "A few generations ago the wolf king sought a consultation with a witch seer. Supposedly his grandmother had made a future prediction and he wanted to confirm it." Ansel raised an eyebrow at that but didn't interrupt.
"There is almost no record of this happening but we did manage to track down the Coven he most likely visited. When we got there the Reverend Mother confirmed the rumor is based on actual events. In fact, her grandmother was the seer he saw. Apparently
witches don't record their predictions so what she told him was never written down; however, after he left she made another prediction and instructed her daughters to pass it down.
"She said there would come a day that other wolves would visit asking about the king and when they did they were to be told: the line will end in white and a new one will begin in silver." "What is that supposed to mean?" Luke snorted.
"That was my reaction," Christina seconded, "but Em thinks she figured it out."
"It was a prediction made to wolves so I believe it is about us," Emily explained, "specifically white and silver wolves. Both are rare so what are the chances for there to be one of each at the same time?"
"So you think it's about Selena and me?" Phoebe said, "but what line are they referring to?"
"I think it means the royal line," Emily said. "Selena is the last of the king's progeny and none of her siblings have pups of their own. Hence, the royal line ends with the white wolf."
"And a new one begins in silver," Phoebe repeated her hand settling over her stomach. Could it be?
'Máni, is what she said true?'
'Maybe. I don't know.'
Phoebe could feel her wolf's uncertainty and knew there was no deception. But how? Why? Was this the Goddess's plan? Instead of replacing werewolves with another creature as she did Lycans she intended to replace the royal lineage? Just start over? "Now, let's not jump to conclusions," Ansel advised, "after all, this could be considered treason."
"Treason? Are you f*****g kidding me?" Christina snapped. "You think tossing out scum is treason? What about a king that kills his own mate because he's impatient to have another pup and steals another wolf's mate? What about a prince that tortures his bed partners and kills them for kicks including his own mate? Are you telling me that sick and depraved family deserves to sit on the throne they built out of blood? I say it's time they were tossed out. The Goddess herself declares it's time to start over. So let's wipe the slate clean and get on with it."
"Chris..."
"No, I'm tired of all these kings and princes and alphas who think they can do whatever they please and there are no consequences. They t*****e their mates then reject them and cast them aside like garbage when the only real trash is them! Are we wolves or aren't we? Do we follow the Moon Goddess or don't we?" Christina suddenly leapt to her feet. "I say, let's go Jace. You're one of the few alphas who isn't a raging d**k. You got my vote."
"A counter challenge," Luke suddenly spoke. "If they want your Alpha title then they can put up their crown. Whether they do or not when you beat Nolan they are going to lose face so why not make them bleed?" "Can Jason really do that?" Phoebe asked.
"It's not completely without precedent," Ansel said, "I believe humans call it upping the ante, but it's a risk."
"Riskier than taking his Luna into neutral territory where the wolves threatening her life are waiting to pounce?" Luke asked.
Jason's aura spiked. Phoebe continued running her fingers through his hair. She leaned close kissing his cheek. Her presence soothed him and he relaxed.
"It's your call, alpha," Luke said, "what do you want to do?"
###Chapter 97
Situated well beyond busy downtown was a community of exclusive estates and manicured lawns known as Mount Royal. It was the sanctuary for the city's most elite residences and included numerous vacation homes for the upper crust of society. Some homes looked almost like castles while others were sleek modern homes. Among these was a quiet estate tucked in the south-east corner. It was a particularly large estate surrounded by an imposing stone wall and encompassed not just the house and a large yard but also quite a few trees, almost like a mini-forest.
For as long as anyone in the neighborhood could remember the gate had always been closed though they occasionally noticed the small staff going about its business to maintain the property. High-tech cameras maintained surveillance and very rarely a neighbor sometimes spotted a lone figure patrolling the grounds. Every now and again they heard howls and sometimes found a paw print in the snow indicating their security patrols also utilized attack dogs.
One neighbor claimed to have seen a dog but most thought he was crazy claiming the beast was as large as a man. It was just one more story to be traded among the neighbors and the legend of the estate continued to grow as it stood empty season after season. More than once perspective buyers approached hoping to make an offer but they were turned away at the gate. Once or twice particularly stubborn solicitors attempted to climb the wall. Those that managed the feet were soon sent running and later told stories of monstrous beasts and murderous figures with glowing eyes.
Some even claimed the place was haunted. Many neighborhood kids enjoyed passing along stories of murder, I**t and revenge. Each story more elaborate than the last to entertain themselves as they speculated why the house remained seemingly abandoned. Then, suddenly, the estate became alive. Windows were opened and stagnant air chased out. Groundskeepers and security personnel descended on the area checking every inch of the perimeter wall. Neighbors watched wondering if this flurry of activity meant the master of the house would finally make an appearance.
They didn't have to wait long. Two hours after the activity began a motorcade of identical, black SUVs arrived pulling up to the estate's front door. A few moments later a young man exited the second vehicle. He was the epitome of tall, dark and handsome and the dream figure so many women wished to sweep them off their feet and carry them away. Several women watching him now wondered if they would be able to meet him if they brought over a welcome to the neighborhood dessert.
Their hopes were dashed moments later as he circled the vehicle and helped a petite young woman exit next. Her mane of wavy, dark hair flowed out from under her cream beret. She smiled prettily at him as he pulled her close and kissed her deeply with no shame in front of their audience. The smile on his face made it clear he was completely smitten with his young bride.
If there were any lingering doubts he swept them away as he suddenly lifted her off her feet and into his arms, carrying her across the threshold like a new bride. Her laughter echoed in the cool air and she didn't seem the least bit embarrassed by the staff and escort watching them.
"Welcome to Calgary," Luke said as they entered the foyer.
Christina and Emily trailed a step behind watching their Alpha carry his Luna like a newlywed bride. Neither had ever seen him smile as broadly or as much as he when he held his Luna. There was no sign of his usual melancholy even with the duel hanging over his head. Reluctantly Jason set Phoebe on her feet. Regardless of the reason brought them he was happy to be there with her.
"So how many estates does Blue Moon own?" Phoebe asked letting her gaze drift taking in the stonework and tapestries featuring wolves and forests. It had a stately feel and yet also a modern esthetic, which made for an interesting dynamic.
"I have no idea to be honest," Jason chuckled holding her close.
Over the centuries Blue Moon had invested and collected numerous properties around the world. Some were safe houses and emergency bunkers. Others were extended pieces of the pack providing housing for wolves who preferred a smaller pack environment while also ensuring the home territory didn't become overcrowded. The estates also made for vacation homes allowing high-ranked members to relax in a secure environment away from the pack for a time.
"Once all of this is over I'll take you and the pups to one...some place warm. A real island getaway. Just us."
"Sounds good," Phoebe smiled snuggling into him.
Jason sighed a possessive growl rumbling in his chest. He hoped to take Phoebe and the pups to one for a special holiday getaway. It had been disheartening to leave them behind a second time but with the duel and threat posed by the royal family he couldn't risk it. Bad enough he had to bring Phoebe, he couldn't place their pups in danger too. Lucille and his mother had orders to protect them at all costs and make sure the pups escaped unharmed if things went south. Jason knew he would win this fight but he still wasn't sure what Achan was planning. With Jason and Luke away the pack territory was vulnerable to attack as did the fact they took a portion of their forces to secure the Calgary estate. Luckily the extra warriors from Strawberry Moon helped in that regard. But he still didn't know from which direction to expect attack. His instincts told him Achan would focus on Phoebe. The prince had little interest and even less skill when it came to managing a territory or pack. There was only one thing Achan was interested in and Jason would be damned before he let the prince lay a finger on Phoebe. He couldn't let himself be distracted so measures were in place to ensure he wouldn't need to be consulted before action was taken. Now he could focus entirely on Phoebe.
To that end every member of her personal guard was in attendance as well as Cam, Dash and half of the Strawberry Moon warriors along with their Blue Moon partners. Luke and Mona were with him as well as Christina and Emily. All four were capable warriors with tested loyalty. They would not need to be told how to react in the moment. They would think for and act for themselves.
And all had one imperative: protect Phoebe.
***
Jason lay in bed with Phoebe tucked against him. Her breathing was even and she was relaxed in a deep sleep. He nuzzled her and breathed in her calming scent. His hand gently caressed her stomach. Two more weeks and they would finally have definitive confirmation. By that time her scent should also start changing and the pup would seem that much more real.
Emily's revelation replayed through his mind. Could it really be true? He had to admit her interpretation had its attraction. Jason never thought about being king. It was more responsibility and work of which he had enough. However, if it would protect Phoebe and ensure their pup's future he wouldn't hesitate to snatch it. He would take everything away from the royal family including their lives to protect his Luna, prophecy or no prophecy.
Phoebe sighed. She stretched and leaned against him before settling back to sleep. Jason tightened his embrace and snuggled her close. She was his life, his world and no one would take her away from him.
Lobo stirred with a growl, 'Yes Mate ours! They will regret coming after her!
###Chapter 98
The motorcade arrived at its destination but the occupants didn't disembark immediately. Warriors preceded them securing the area before giving the all-clear. Jason exited first, assessing his surroundings with a critical eye before reaching in and helping Phoebe out. She was nervous and gripped his hands tightly as they headed inside. Garrison preceded them and Luke followed behind but they weren't the first pack members to arrive. Christina and Emily arrived several hours ahead with a team to recon the area. Where they were now Jason didn't know but he also didn't need to. They had their mission as did the spotters covering the arena and surrounding area.
Jason only needed to worry about one thing.
Ansel met them at the entrance to the grandstand and led them into the large area in front of the tall, covered bleachers. This was the sight for many exciting events including the annual rodeo stampede. But today was a unique spectacle reserved for wolves alone. The grandstand was filled with onlookers and witnesses from various packs, even quite a few alphas. Everyone wanted to be there to witness the outcome.
They stepped out into the arena where two booths had been set up for the opponents. Between these boxes was a circular area mapped out and prepared for the combatants. Phoebe nervously glanced at the circle but Jason barely acknowledged it as he escorted her to her seat.
Instead of having her sit he continued to hold her savoring every last moment he could before the start of the duel. He nuzzled her, breathed in her scent and held it deep in his lungs.
"Jason, promise me you'll win," Phoebe whispered.
"I promise," Jason smiled resting his forehead on hers and rubbing noses. "I'll win. And after I do we'll take a real vacation. You, me and the pups. Just us." "Sounds good," Phoebe smiled.
He stroked her cheeks. There were other surprises back at the pack he was eager to show her. Her room was finally completed. Phoebe would have a special room all to herself to relax and read away from the pressures of the pack. The second surprise he was even more excited to reveal.
When she was preparing the music room for the pups she had gone through all her belongings that had been stored since her arrival. The piano and lesson books had naturally been moved into the packhouse and she debated keeping the books not knowing Jason was working on her special room. The one thing she wasn't attached to was the furniture and suggested they donate it. Jason had agreed though secretly kept every last piece for his special surprise. Before they left for Calgary he had been informed it was all ready. He couldn't wait to surprise her. "Alpha Jason."
Jason growled at the interruption but he raised his head and kissed Phoebe's forehead. He kept his thoughts focused and his aura under control as much to keep himself calm as to reassure her. This was just another day, just another task. "Luke." "She'll be safe, Alpha," Luke assured him.
Jason took one final look at Phoebe with a reassuring smile before stepping away. As he turned he shoved away his concerns to focus solely on the task at hand. He hated to do it but it's what he needed to do to get through it.
He approached the prepared area and stood on the edge. His mind buzzed sensing the silver. He looked to the opposing booth where the royal family was enthroned. Jason barely noted the king and queen. His gaze swept over them and settled on Achan. The first prince smirked sensing his scrutiny. Jason narrowed his gaze before shifting it to Nolan as the second prince stepped out of the box and approached. Surprisingly, the prince didn't seem nervous. In fact, he looked forlorn, resigned. Jason was fairly certain the prince didn't expect to survive this. Was he really willing to throw his life away for this?
"Nolan! Make me proud," the king called.
"Jason!" Selena waved, coyly smiling.
Jason didn't spare her a single glance turning his attention to Ansel who stood between him and Nolan. Since this was his region of expertise it seemed he was chosen as the official MC for the event. The elder spared each of them a glance before looking to the audience.
"We are here to witness a duel for the Alpha title of Blue Moon. Alpha Jason has accepted the challenge of Prince Nola. Is that correct, Alpha Jason?"
"Yes, although I do have something to say," Jason said. "It appears to me that I am risking far more than his Highness: my title, my pack, my Luna and my life. His Highness only risks his life so why not make it even? I'm placing my title on the line the king could at least put his throne on the line. What do you say, your Highness? The winner becomes your successor."
Ansel maintained a veneer of surprise and looked to the king, "What say you, your Highness? A challenge has been issued.
"Well," the king hesitated, "this is highly irregular. The challenge has already been accepted."
"I believe humans call it upping the ante," Ansel said.
"Of course, if the king refuses I understand," Jason taunted, "after all his line is not known for their courage."
Nolan stared incredulously at Jason who he always viewed as a reasonable wolf. Why would he deliberately taunt the king who was not known for his patience?
Snarling the king leapt to his feet, "You dare! Fine! I declare the winner of this duel shall be my successor!"
Jason's mouth twitched with a smile as his gaze shifted to Achan. The first prince seemed genuinely perplexed by Jason's sudden challenge. It appeared he wasn't expecting it and had not planned for it.
Good.
"The challenge has been accepted," Ensel said. "For this duel the winner shall be Alpha of Blue Moon as well as the rightful successor for the throne of the Wolf King"
Murmurs trickled through the crowd but Jason felt no resentment or push back from it either. The crowd certainly seemed more invested now that the stakes were higher but that hardly mattered. Jason still wasn't sure what the alleged prophecy was really about but there wasn't anything he wouldn't do to protect Phoebe and their pup. If that meant being king...then he would be king.
"Alpha Jason, do you wish to battle as wolves or in human form?" Ansel asked.
"Wolves," Jason answered without hesitation.
That was the one point he had never wavered or wondered about. When they fought in human form they could call on their wolves for added strength and agility but it was only in their wolf form that their true power was unleashed. If anyone wanted to challenge him it would be at his full strength. There would be no room for debate in the outcome.
"Just a moment," the king said gesturing a servant who brought a tray with a pair of wine glasses. "Let's drink in solidarity."
Nolan accepted his glass and the servant moved to Jason and offered the other glass. Jason looked at it with no emotion knowing exactly what the king was attempting to do and it had nothing to with solidarity. Picking up the glass he looked at it. His gaze went back to the king who held up another glass. Without a word, Jason tipped it upside down and poured the contents on the ground. Lobo snarled is his mind sensing the trace amounts of wolfsbane mixed within it.
The king frowned at Jason's open dismissal. Their audience as well was surprised; however, most agreed with Jason's action. They knew all too well the king never served drinks that were wolfsbane free. Jason needed to be at the top of his game and could not allow any weakness.
He removed his jacket and shirt tossing it to one of his warriors waiting on standby. Kicking off his shoes Jason stepped into the ring.
###Chapter 99
As Jason removed his jacket and shirt Phoebe felt their mindlink open, "Angel, I am going to do everything to win sol can't let myself to be distracted. I love you with everything I have."
Phoebe struggled to hold in a gasp as his love poured through their bond until it practically pulsed. It radiated through her like a warm light before suddenly shutting down. She could feel nothing through their bond. It was like a door suddenly slammed shut and now an insurmountable wall separated them. Phoebe wanted to reach out but Máni stopped her. 'No, we mustn't. Mate said he was going to do everything to win. We mustn't distract him!'
'I know, I just...hate feeling him shut himself off, Phoebe fought a shudder.
It wasn't just their bond he was suppressing. He was shutting down every emotion, every connection and she couldn't stand it. Jason was so warm, so caring. She couldn't stand him shutting everything and one out.
'It's okay, Máni whispered. 'Mate loves us. You felt it. He is doing this because he loves us and when he is done he will let us feel it again!
'Right.' Phoebe held onto that. Yes, Jason was only doing what he felt was needed to win the fight and after that he would come back to her.
"Luna," Luke gently directed her to her seat.
Phoebe sat beside Mona trying to keep herself calm but it was a struggle. Without a word, Mona gripped her hand and squeezed while they watched. "Nolan!"
Phoebe gave a startled jerk at the harsh shout. Her gaze fell on the king then to the second prince. Like Jason he was removing his jacket and shirt but much more deliberately and reluctantly. Despite the fact he initiated the challenge he clearly didn't want to be there. He looked up at his father's beckoning.
"Win this!" the king bellowed.
Nolan gave his father a short, curt nod. His gaze lingered on those in the royal box before he turned and entered the ring, the crowd's energy spiked in preparation. For decades everyone wondered what a fight between Jason and one of the princes would be and now they were finally going to bear witness. It was the Battle Royale they had all taken bets and discussed on more than one occasion.
Phoebe's attention remained on the royal family. The queen was pale and grim watching her son with a note of sadness. Beside her, the princess didn't spare her brother a glance and kept waving in hopes of attracting Jason's attention. The king, on the other hand, turned a venomous glare on her but she expected that and it didn't bother her as much as it once did. After hearing Christina and Emily's reports she thought she understood the king better. Now that she understood where his hate came from she could ignore it. The royal family really had no one to blame but themselves. For centuries they lived decadently, neglecting their fated mates with no remorse. What else could they expect? Did they really think the Goddess would ignore it? If they were worried about a prophecy why didn't they take measures against it? It was the definition of a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Her gaze passed over him and landed on the first prince who smirked when he noticed her attention. He licked her lips and even kissed the air as if that was somehow appealing to her. She frowned and her gaze did not linger on him a moment longer shifting to the final presence in the box. He had a darker complexion and didn't seem to be a part of the royal family.
"Luke?"
"Luna?" he glanced at her questioningly not sure why she wanted to talk when the fight was about to begin.
"Who is that standing beside the first Prince?"
Luke glanced at the royal box, "Beta Corwin."
"Beta?"
"Yes. He's the son of the king's Beta. I believe he is one of the princes' assistants."
"I see." Phoebe nodded turning her attention to the ring as the second Prince stepped in. 'Máni, you felt it, right?'
'Yes. There is definitely a connection.'
'But I thought the prince hadn't found his mate.'
'Maybe that's what he wants everyone to think.
'And maybe someone found out that shouldn't, Phoebe's gaze flickered back to the first prince. Jason said he was conniving and dangerous."
'Mate is not wrong, Máni growled. 'His wolf is dead. He no longer has a sane mind. He is unhinged.
"Luna? Are you all right?" Luke asked sensing her anxiety spike.
"I think the Beta is the second Prince's mate," Phoebe said. "And I think the first Prince knows."
Luke's eyebrow shot up as did Mona's. For security, she and Luke maintained an open link allowing Phoebe's communication to reach her.
"That explains a lot," Mona said. "The king would never allow a union that wouldn't bear pups."
"They could adopt."
"According to law adopted pups can't be named successors or be included in the family lineage." "Why?"
"If I remember correctly, I think it was an issue several generations back with a half-sibling suddenly appearing to challenge for the throne. After that, the laws changed so only those borne of the king and reigning queen could succeed the throne, barring a challenge like this one, of course. It's a matter of historical record of course so Luna Kleio probably knows all the details."
"Mona is right, the only reason the king hasn't named a successor is because none of his progeny has produced a viable heir," Luke agreed. "Bloodline is all that matters. If he knew what you suspect he'd put the Beta to death right now." "What about the fact the first Prince killed his own wolf?" Phoebe asked.
"What!" Mona suddenly jerked to attention. "Are you sure?"
"My wolf is. She says he is unhinged."
"Shit." Luke cursed. They knew Achan was dangerous but this was a much more serious situation. If his wolf was truly dead than the prince no longer operate logically and he would not be easy to predict.
"It makes sense," Mona said. "Rumors have it he killed his own fated mate. The shock alone could have killed his wolf not to mention his nightly escapades. Only a wolf gone completely insane can do what he has done to so many." "He shouldn't even be functioning," Luke frowned. "Without a wolf he shouldn't be thinking rationally."
"You think he is rational?" Mona scoffed. "He's fixated but nothing he does is logical except to him. He is psychotic and he'll keep going until he reaches his endgame or he is stopped."
"What is his endgame?" Phoebe asked.
"Jason," Luke sighed, "if there is any wolf he is gunning for it is Jason and he won't stop until he takes everything away from him."
"We have to warn him."
"We can't," Luke shook his head, "he's in the ring. We can't reach him."
'Máni, can we?' Phoebe asked hoping their immunity to silver applied to mindlinking.
'Yes....but we can't distract him now.'
Phoebe looked to the ring to see Jason shift, becoming his massive, brown wolf. She felt Máni surge forward eager to see and appreciate her mate's physique.
On the other side of the arena the prince also shifted into a tanish-gray wolf. It was not nearly as large but had a wiry looking frame, which meant he was quick and agile. No sooner had their paws touched the ground they were leaping on the attack. Phoebe winced at the impact. The prince swiped a paw at Jason only for him to tear into his shoulder. It had only been a few seconds and already they were spilling blood, staining the dirt of the arena floor.
"We have to stop them!"
"We can't," Luke placed a hand on her shoulder.
"But the Prince is being forced to fight. His mate is being held hostage!"
"Phoebe," Mona gripped her hand. "The challenge was issued and accepted. It doesn't matter why. If we interfere Jason loses automatically."
'Máni.'
'She's right. We have to let this play out. Trust in Mate. He will win.
'But if he kills the prince...
'Trust in Mate.'
###Chapter 100
As soon as Lobo's paws touched the ground he was out for blood and Jason wasn't holding him back. Once the prince's wolf was on its feet, it leaped forward and attacked. The prince swiped at him but Lobo barely felt the claws through his thick fur as he sank his teeth into the gray shoulder. Though they had shut down their bond and turned off their emotions, Jason still felt Phoebe's rising anxiety even after he stepped into the ring. The silver should have cut them off completely but somehow he still felt her. He wasn't sure if their bond was simply that strong or if it was an affect of Phoebe being a silver wolf.
She was worried. She wanted to reach out to him for reassurance but she was holding back and he couldn't afford to split his concentration. It was killing him to keep this distance between them but he had to focus. This was about protecting her. He was counting on Luke and Mona to be there and support her.
Be patient, angel. I'm coming back to you.
Jason could only hope she would forgive him.
Lobo shoved the prince aside and they circled each other before charging in again. The prince was smaller with a lanky build that spoke of a wolf focused on speed. It was clear his goal was short quick strikes trying to wear down Jason's stamina. Lobo snarled at the thought they would crumple so easily. They were a big wolf but they were also fast. As they charged Lobo suddenly veered and spun around to grab at the scruff of the prince's neck then threw him to the ground. They were rewarded with a pained yelp.
He lifted the prince up and slammed him down again hearing a satisfying crunch and knew he succeeded in breaking ribs before wringing him into the ground before he tossed him aside. The prince yelped again before dragging himself to his feet to face Jason again.
Lobo prowled the perimeter of the circle watching with shining amber eyes. There was something off about his opponent. The prince didn't seem to be fighting for his life in the slightest.
As soon as he was on his feet the prince charged again. Lobo pulled back at the last moment then sank his teeth into the prince's haunches. He dragged him back into the center of the ring. Lobo would not allow the prince to set a single claw outside the ring until he was finished. He slammed the prince into the ground again and wrung him before flipping him over and tossing him aside again. Lobo backed off watching his enemy as the prince struggled to rise to his feet.
'What is wrong with him?' Jason couldn't help but wonder. Why wasn't the prince taking this seriously? Did he not want to win? What was the point of challenging him if Nolan simply intended to throw his life away? Did he even want to survive? The prince struggled to get his feet under him for another charge as his gaze looked longingly at the royal box. It was only a moment but nothing was lost to Lobo's gaze. Despite the risk he also glanced at the gathered royalty. Why was the prince fixated on them?
The king wasn't even looking at the fight. His hate filled gaze was centered on Phoebe a fact he would pay for once this duel was over. The queen kept her head hung low while the princess acted like she was on holiday, waving to Jason whenever she thought his gaze lingered in her direction. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Behind them the first prince had his leering gaze trained in the same direction as the king. He was another that would have a short life. There was only one person watching the fight and that was Beta Corwin. The beta was watching with the intensity of a lover...or a mate.
The realization made Lobo stumble and he almost missed the prince's next attack. Luckily he recovered quickly and ducked at the last moment, snapping at the prince's leg and sinking his teeth into flesh. With a growl, Lobo yanked him around and whipped his head to snap the prince's limb before backing off again.
Mates? Were the second prince and beta mates? Was that the hold the first prince had to force his bother to challenge him? If the king knew the beta would not still be alive. So it had to be the prince.
Phoebe. Yes, that was why she was so anxious. She had the innate ability to sense the mating bonds of others, even broken ones. There was no way she would have missed this connection. If the prince died the beta would crumple as the bond, even incomplete, severed. If the prince didn't die the beta certainly would. The first prince was at least as ruthless as his father and would not tolerate failure.
Lobo allowed a moment of pity for them as the prince struggled to his feet one paw hanging. The prince would not forfeit. He was willing to trade his life for his mate. Jason could respect that, but he was also fighting for his mate. He would not lose. There was only one way to end this, only one way he would allow it to end.
And it was time to end it.
The prince staggered as he gasped for breath and gathered himself. There was a pained look in his gaze as the crushing reality of never being able to claim his mate fell on him but in order for his mate to live and have a second chance he had no other choice. He had managed to warn Corwin beforehand and told regardless of the outcome of this duel to run.
Run and live.
Gathering himself Nolan lunged once again going for Jason's throat and praying the Blue Moon Alpha would make it quick for him and his mate. Lobo stood as still as a statue watching the prince's final rush. It was practically in slow motion and almost as laughable. Lobo barely moved as he dodged the haphazard charge and sunk his teeth into the prince's neck. He shook him like a ragdoll and then threw him to the ground only to pick him up and repeat the savage gesture. The prince cried out sharply then lay unmoving. Lobo backed away as Ansel hurried into the ring. Checking the prince, Ansel stood and announced, "He breathes."
Ansel stepped back as another elder brought a large hourglass. Together they flipped it and waited as the sand ran down. It would take three minutes for the time to run out. That was how much time the prince had to rise and continue the fight. It was also three minutes he would have to recover without medical assistance. He could easily expire in that time as his breath rattled in his chest.
Lobo moved back waiting for the prince to either expire or stand again. But he wouldn't. He kept a wary eye on the first prince waiting for any sign or gesture he would enter the fray as time slowly ran down.
As the last grains fell, Ansel straightened, "Prince Nolan is unable to continue. The victor is Alpha Jason!"
###Chapter 101
Phoebe waited on pins and needles as the grains of sand fell. The only one watching more intensely was Beta Corwin. She knew the bond was still there. It hadn't been severed but the prince was weakening.
Even harder than watching the beta struggle with losing his mate was the ruthless nature Jason had shown. He was cold, calculated and vicious. The Jason she knew and loved was warm and caring. She was desperate to reach out to him and feel it again but held herself back because she didn't want to distract him. Phoebe could only hope this was the end of it. "The victor is Alpha Jason!"
Phoebe sobbed with relief. She was ready to leap to her feet but Mona and Luke held her in her seat waiting for everything to settle. Though they held her back, no one stopped Beta Corwin from running to the prince and collapsing as his side. "My prince?" Corwin cried out as he fell to his knees. "Nolan!"
The shift slowly took over. He cried out as his broken limb took the longest to finally finish leaving the prince's battered and broken body lying bare on the ground. An elder brought a sheet to cover his n**e form but there wasn't much hope in their eyes. 'Beta Corwin, Jason's voice flitted into his mind causing him to stiffen. 'Get your mate out of here if you want him to live. North entrance. Black SUV. Give the driver the password: sanctuary!
To his credit Corwin gave almost no sign as he and another lifted the second prince onto a stretcher. They retreated quickly and Jason didn't spare them another thought. His attention was already on the sputtering king.
He shifted back into his human form, accepting briefs handed to him he pulled them on. Then opening his arms wide, he demanded, "What now, your Highness? Do you want to send your other son out to fight your battles? Or will you face me yourself?" The king stood red-faced and snarling, "Guards, seize him!"
None of the royal guard moved. Jason's aura rolled off him like waves and none dared move. As the winner he was now the heir to the throne and therefore he now held authority equal to the king. "Guards!"
"My king," Ansel said, "or should I say former king?"
"I am still king!"
"No, you're not!" Jason declared. "You've outlived your time. Step down or be removed. Or send your other son out here and I'll end him on your behalf unless you are wolf enough to face me yourself."
Howling in rage, the king leapt out of the box surprisingly spry as he barreled toward the young alpha. He attempted to shift as he ripped off his heavy robe but Jason's punch met his face square in the nose. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. The king fell back still partially shifted as Jason yanked him up and immediately trapped him in a headlock. Pity for the second prince made him pull his final attack at the last moment but there was no pity for those that threatened his Luna as he cleanly snapped the king's neck without remorse.
Releasing the lifeless body Jason stepped back watching it crumple. It was a sad end indeed but one that was much deserving and long overdue. And yet, his death wasn't satisfying. The prince had been more of a challenge. Jason reared back his head and howled in frustration. Surprisingly, several answered in solidarity.
He was king.
All hail the king.
His aura poured out of him as he turned to face Achan when smoke canisters launched toward the arena surrounding him in a foul-smelling fog. He stumbled clear looking for the first prince only to find the royal box abandoned.
"Bring me Achan's head!" Jason snarled before slim arms suddenly wrapped around him and the scent of lilac and sage filled his nostrils. He embraced the petite form clinging to him on instinct. "Phoebe."
She was supposed to remain in the box under Mona and Luke's protection but he could feel the emotions pouring out of her. The last few minutes had been too much for her. He could feel it in her trembling body.
"Shh, Phoebe," Jason whispered opening their bond and letting his love flow back into it.
Shutting her out had been the most difficult decision of his life. But he had no choice, not if he wanted to maintain focus during the fight. And if he had gotten hurt Phoebe would have been subject to the pain as well. That was something he couldn't bear, especially not after Delilah's interference. He would never let her be hurt by him again.
"I'm so sorry," Jason tightened his embrace despite the layer of sweet and grime covering his body.
Phoebe shook her head, "It's fine. I know you had to but I never want you to be like that again. You are so full of warmth and light it hurts when you close yourself off from it."
Jason kissed her forehead loving her concern for him. "Alpha."
He looked up as two warriors dragged the queen and princess in front of him. They forced them to kneel as Jason accepted a pair of sweatpants and yanked them on before pulling Phoebe back into his embrace. His wolf needed her close. The queen was weeping but the princess's eyes glimmered with hate as she stared at Phoebe in his arms. "Where's Achan?" Jason demanded.
"He fled," the warrior replied. "Trackers are in pursuit."
"Find the bastard!" Jason snarled. Achan was the greatest threat now.
"We will," Luke assured him. The packlink was buzzing with the search. No one was going to disappoint their alpha.
"And you!" Jason suddenly moved forward, grasping the princess's neck and forcing her to look at him. "You dare look at my Luna!"
"J-Jason..."
"You have no right to call me by name!" Jason snarled. "You should be begging!"
"But..."
His grip tightened, cutting off her air. Selena clawed at his hand but there was no contest in strength. "P-p-please..."
"No threat to my Luna is allowed to live."
His hand jerked snapping the delicate neck before he released her lifeless body.
"... Jason..." Phoebe whispered hesitantly reaching for him only for Mona to stop and hug her.
This would not be the first time the throne was passed in blood but it had been quite awhile. Until Achan was dealt with it would not be complete. He was worried. She felt it now that their bond was open. At least, he was not closing off the bond anymore. Phoebe breathed deep taking comfort in that fact.
"And what about you?" Jason turned to the queen. "Are you a threat to my Luna?"
She shook her head.
"What about Achan? Do you know where he has gone?"
"N-no."
"And the king? Do you want to avenge him?"
"No. He was cruel, vicious. He killed my mate and forced his mark on me before the body was even cold."
"Is he Nolan's father?"
"No," the queen bowed her head. "I was in the middle of my heat when the king forced his way in, killed my mate and finished me. I think he hoped doing so would ensure more progeny... but Nolan is definitely Duke's son. I see so much of his father in him." "Does the king know?"
"How could he not? Wolves recognize their own. He was extremely angry but also couldn't admit the truth. Threatening Nolan's life was all he needed to do to keep me compliant. And now my baby is dead." "He's not," Jason corrected. "You should pay closer attention to the bond. I told his mate to take him away from here, even gave him a password so my people would take care of them."
"His mate? Him?"
"Are you surprised?"
"No. It's Corwin, isn't it?" the queen smiled a genuine smile for the first time.
"You knew?"
"Suspected. They were practically inseparable since they were just pups. Corwin was a couple years older and always wanted to help take care of him. Nolan was always calmer when he was around. Is he?" "Alive, as far as I know. They took sanctuary with my people. He'll be given the best care," Jason assured her.
"Can I see him?"
Jason gave a curt nod before glancing at the two guards who stood over her. Without a word, they hauled her back to her feet and led her away though they were noticeably gentler than before. "Achan?" Jason looked to Luke.
"Still searching."
"How can it be so difficult to find that cockroach?" Jason demanded his aura slipping out.
Phoebe laced her fingers into his. The contact had an instant, calming effect.
"He's had a week to plan his escape," Luke reminded.
"So what do we do?" Mona asked. "He couldn't have gotten far with no wolf."
"No wolf?" Jason repeated.
"According to Phoebe his wolf spirit is dead, probably has been since he killed his mate."
"Luke, take Phoebe back to the estate."
"You're not coming with us?" Phoebe asked.
"I can't. I have to track him down before he comes after you," Jason pulled her close, kissing her forehead. "I need you safe so I can focus."
"Okay," Phoebe nodded.
Reluctantly they parted as Mona gently pulled Phoebe away. Guards immediately flanked them as they headed for the exit. Jason watched her retreating form for a long moment before tearing his gaze away to focus on his next task: finding that bastard and ending him in the most painful way possible.
Mona rubbed Phoebe's shoulder in comfort as they passed under the grandstand. Suddenly, several cans tumbled down from above spewing a foul-smelling smokescreen all around them.
"f**k!" Luke ordered as the clouds enveloped them. It made their eyes water and their vision blurred as well as wreaked havoc with their sensitive sense of smell. "Eyes up!"
Mona tugged Phoebe back a step before they were suddenly pulled apart. Phoebe stumbled trying to peer through the smoke. Máni surged to the front.
'Phoebe! Danger!'
"Jason!"
Phoebe reached out for him on instinct as she was suddenly grabbed. A sharp pain stung her neck and something was injected into her. The burning sensation erupted through her and she blindly swung at her attacker wearing a gas mask. Drowsiness a*sailed her and she slumped to the ground.
"Phoebe?"
Jason's voice penetrated the fog in her mind but she couldn't answer. Her body felt heavy and she lost focus. "Phoebe? Phoebe!"
###Chapter 102
Panic.
That was the only thing coursing through Jason's mind as he ran toward the exit Phoebe had been taken.
This wasn't happening.
This couldn't be happening.
Turning the corner he arrived to see the smoke slowly clearing. Strewn about was Phoebe's guard. Some were knocked out, others bleeding profusely and they weren't alone. Lying among them were unknown warriors but all of those were dead.
Luke stumbled to his feet helping Mona to stand and carefully inspected her, feeling the rather large bump on the back of her head from when she had been knocked unconscious. Otherwise she was unharmed. But there was no sign of Phoebe. "What happened?" Jason snarled.
"We were headed to the vehicles when smoke canisters were dropped from above," Luke looked up at the grandstand." They came out from those."
He nodded to the line of port-a-potties. It was difficult to imagine a wolf sitting in one for any length of time but it was the only logical hiding place.
"I had her hand," Mona said, "then someone pulled us apart and hit me. I never saw who. They all wore masks."
Jason snarled, causing Luke to pull Mona away from him not sure what he would do if his wolf lashed out. Fur bristled along Jason's arms as he fought Lobo for control. His wolf was desperate but they had to maintain a clear head or else Phoebe was lost for good. "Explain how Achan could plan his escape and Phoebe's abduction that we can't find either of them!"
"Maybe not," Cam said after wrestling a mask off one of their attackers.
"Excuse me!" Jason demanded.
"I-I don't think it was Achan," Cam said.
"What do you mean? Who else could it be?" Luke asked.
"I know this warrior and he's not a part of the royal guard," Cam nodded at the body in front of him. "He's from Blood Moon.
Jason suddenly felt his blood run cold.
Blood Moon?
"Are you sure?" Luke asked.
"Yeah. He and I..." Cam blushed, his eyes darted to Dash a moment, "he and I had a thing awhile ago. So...I'm sure."
"Find Alpha Thomas, now!" Jason thundered. "Alive! So I can kill him right after he tells me where Phoebe is, now!"
Cringing, several the Blue Moon warriors dispersed. Their spotters placed the Blood Moon alpha in the grandstands along with several others. Rounding him up wouldn't be difficult.
"But why?" Luke shook his head. "It doesn't make any sense."
"I don't care. Just find him and bring him to me. I only need him to talk. I don't care what condition he's in otherwise."
Jason paced. He could feel his control slipping as Lobo grew more and more enraged. Every time he reached out to Phoebe through the bond he was greeted with silence it was driving him crazy. The bond had not been severed which meant she was alive but the continued silence could only mean she was unconscious.
Phoebe had told him she had a higher tolerance to silver and wolfsbane which meant she would take much more to knock her out if they dared use that. Lobo growled at the thought. She said her wolf could sometimes maintain awareness even if she was knocked out and yet Lobo couldn't contact his mate. He had no idea if she was injured, if she was okay or where she was and someone better provide answers before he lost it.
"Unhand me!" Thomas's voice suddenly interrupted his thoughts and Jason paused as the alpha was thrown at his feet. "What is the meaning of this?"
"Where is my Luna!" Jason snarled his aura pouring out as if suddenly a dam was broken.
Thomas flinched, baring his neck in reflex before daring to look at the enraged, newly-appointed king, "Jason."
"Where is Phoebe!"
"I-I don't know."
"Liar!" Jason kicked the lifeless form of one of the deceased warriors. "These are your men! Where have you taken my Mate!"
Thomas looked at the c*****e around him for the first time. Only moments ago he felt the tethers of these warriors break during the chaos unfolding after the duel. Panicked he had been trying to contact the other pack members he brought as an escort but was receiving silence instead. "I-I don't know," Thomas finally spoke. "These men were Katrina's escort."
"Katrina?" Jason repeated. "Where is she?"
"I don't know! That's what I've been trying to find out ever since I felt these men die. They were supposed to be protecting her."
"Jason, if these are Katrina's men that means she's the one who took Phoebe," Luke said. "Why? I don't know."
"Find her and I'll ask right after I break every bone in her body," Jason growled. "Find her! Find Phoebe!"
Just what game was Katrina playing?
***
Phoebe stirred. Her head was pounding and her neck was sore and stiff. Slowly she managed to open her eyes only to wince at the bright light above her. What happened?
She struggled to recall as her memories slowly pieced themselves together: the duel, Jason's victory, the first prince's escape, her escort being attacked. Luke and Mona!
Phoebe instinctively tried to reach for them through the packlink but felt nothing back. She hoped they were all right. But where was she?
"Well, look who is finally awake."
The harsh voice was familiar but not one she expected to hear again. Phoebe managed to push her aching body to a sitting position and finally took in her situation.
She was in a cell. Silver bars kept her locked in a small space with only a camping cot and a bucket. The single small window also had silver bars and given its height she assumed they were in a basement.
Beyond her cell the rest of the basement was opulently decorated and furnished complete with king-size bed, leather-bound seating and even a table currently being set for two by a mute omega. The absurdity of the juxtaposition made her head ache even as the tantalizing smell of food made her stomach turn.
And she wasn't alone.
Seated on the sofa were certainly two of her least favorite wolves: Katrina and Camilla. She wasn't expecting them but somehow she also wasn't surprised. It made a sick sort of sense given their obsession with Jason but they had to know this wasn't going to end well for either of them.
"Hello Katrina, Camilla. I wish I could say it was a pleasure."
Katrina snorted but Camilla was enraged by her nonchalant greeting, "You are nothing! Nobody! And you dare act superior to me! Just who do you think you are?"
"Phoebe Aiman, Luna of Blue Moon and as of not long ago, your Queen," Phoebe answered evenly.
"Queen!" Camilla burst out laughing. "And do, pray tell, what queen rules of a twelve-by-twelve cell?"
"I won't be here long."
"Oh, such confidence! Nobody knows where you are," Camilla declared, "and as much wolfsbane as we injected into you... your wolf is probably dead so there is no hope for you at all!" 'Máni? Máni!'
'I'm here,' came a weak reply. 'She wasn't kidding about the wolfsbane either. It was highly pure, although laced with something I'm not sure of!'
'What about the pup? Did it hurt our pup?'
'No. I shielded it first. That's why you've been out so long. I'm sorry!'
'No. It's okay. You did the right thing. Do you know where we are?'
'Not precisely. We're still in Calgary. You've been out for an hour, maybe. I can't sense Mate. The silver is interfering!
'Can we, is there any way we can contact him?'
'I can try. There is no silver in the walls, floor or ceiling but...it's the new moon and my powers are lessened. I don't know if I can reach over the distance after getting rid of the wolfsbane. 'Save your strength for now and recover,' Phoebe glanced at the two she-wolves.
She didn't know how they were together. She didn't know they were even friends. Were they friends? Judging by their body language and how they sat as far from each other as possible, Phoebe didn't think so. So why were they working together? Jason's warning came back to her about how the prince liked to plan. He said it was all like a game of chess which meant...these two were pawns. It seemed the prince set up the board and now she needed to play.
'Máni...
'You can do this. You are smarter than them and they don't know I'm still with you so they don't know our strength. "In that case, keep hanging back. Making them underestimate us in the key! 'Let's not forget the game is only over when the king is captured but the queen is the most powerful piece on the board.'
Phoebe took a deep breath and settled her mind. She could do this. Jason was searching for her and Máni was recovering, waiting for the right time. It would be all right. She just had to play her part of the board. Now, it was time to rattle the cage and test the waters.
She looked at her captors as she slowly got to her feet. Her body was stiff and sore but nothing felt broken. Phoebe messaged the aching spot on her neck from the injection they gave her. She let her gaze wander and took in her surroundings again to give them the idea she was re-evaluating her situation before looking at them again.
"Well, it's nice to see you two getting along. Misery loves company, after all."
"You b***h!" Camilla snarled. "This is all your fault! None of this would have happened if not for you! I'd be Luna right now!"
"I doubt that very much," Phoebe scoffed. "You aren't suited for leadership. Will would never have allowed such a weak-willed she-wolf stand at his side."
"What!" Camilla leapt to her feet.
"Sit down!" Katrina sneered. "She's just calling it as she sees it. And she's not wrong. You are pathetic."
"You're one to talk, Miss Blood Moon Princess. You like to act all high-and-mighty but you're no better than me."
"I am ten times better than you!" Katrina lurched to her feet. "I have alpha blood!"
"And where has that gotten you?" Camilla scoffed. "You are in the exact same boat as I am."
Katrina snarled before pouncing on her. The she-wolves rolled on the floor trading blows; pounding and slashing each other. Camilla struggled to roll them over as Katrina gripped her hair and bashed her head against the floor.
'Well that was easy,' Máni muttered. 'Do you even think they remember we're here?'
"Enough!" a voice boomed as looming figure descended down the stair.
The master of the house had returned.
###Chapter 103
Phoebe wasn't sure how she felt as she watched Prince Achan enter. She vividly recalled his leering gaze throughout Jason's duel as if he was trying to undress her with his eyes. Even more disturbing was the possessive gleam in his eyes, as if she was his despite the fact she was Jason's mate. The prince's arrogance knew no bounds if he didn't hesitate to claim what belonged to another. "Stop it!" Achan commanded as the she-wolves continued their wrestling match. Growling, he stomped forward yanking Katrina off the other and tossed her aside. "I said STOP!"
Finally, they seemed to become aware of his aura and shrank away catching their breath. He glared at the pawns he gathered. They were disgusting, inadequate in every way, lacking poise, dignity and intelligence. The only she-wolf in the room who had control of those virtues was the one currently behind bars.
His gaze flickered to the petite she-wolf. On close inspection, her looks were average but the calmness she exerted despite her situation was admirable. She looked every bit the queen she was as she stood quietly observing them with her bewitching gray eyes. The moment she entered the stadium his gaze had followed her. Achan marked every movement she made every smile she saved for Jason. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Her expression was so soft and loving whenever she met Jason's gaze and she pressed her body firmly against him. Achan licked his lips as he took a step toward her. He was going to enjoy every moment of this and if it caused Jason pain, so much the better.
"We have an esteemed guest. Let's maintain some decorum, though I know it's difficult for both of you."
Katrina and Camilla both stood breathing heavily, bloodied and glaring at each other. The prince was playing with fire keeping these two together. Phoebe wondered if he thought he made a mistake or, perhaps, that was the point in the first place. With Katrina and Camilla on the verge of each other's throats they would never think to betray him let alone act on it.
"Well done, my dear," Achan smiled, approaching the bars and reaching through.
Phoebe didn't flinch. She was well-aware of how close she was to the bars and knew he couldn't reach her. Instead, she met she gaze steadily.
"I must apologize for the accommodations. I didn't have much time to prepare."
This was one of Blood Moon's estate and Katrina had only been able to sneak him in twenty-four hours ago. Luckily, the warriors stationed at this estate were easy to push around. "I've had worse," Phoebe relied not giving him a reaction.
He smiled but there was no warmth in it. Instead it was cruel, cold, calculating...and possessive. He actually thought he won, that she was a prize to claim and now belonged to him. 'Well, he certainly doesn't lack for ego,' Máni huffed.
'Máni.
'It's all right. He was no wolf. He couldn't sense me if he wanted to.'
"I was right...you are a feisty one," he licked his lips again. Phoebe cringed inwardly but tired not to show her disgust," Jason has no idea what he's lost."
"Jason knows exactly what you took," Phoebe answered, "but he hasn't lost anything."
"You really think that? After what he's done to betray you? Keeping all these she-wolves on their leashes and his options open? You've already felt his betrayal once."
Phoebe couldn't help her small flinch. She felt the pain but it hadn't been his fault. Jason would never willingly betray her. It had been a vicious set-up but ultimately they were stronger, their bond was stronger. It was the prince who didn't understand he already lost.
However, all he saw was her unconscious flinch and misread it completely. It was a crack in her fa?ade he believed he could exploit, "I would never betray you like that."
"You are a smart man, Achan, but you lack understanding of the definition of loyalty."
Achan glared, lacking the wolf to growl. She wasn't sure if he was angry at the insult or her complete disregard for his title. As far as she was concerned he didn't deserve it and she would not belittle the title by naming him.
"You'll be singing a different tune very soon."
"I doubt it."
"Oh, you will bend to my will. They all do and end up screaming my name when I show them infinite pleasures there are to be had."
"I don't plan on offering myself up to death," Phoebe answered evenly. "Besides, whatever you have in your arsenal couldn't compare to Jason's."
He punched the bars, rattling them and alerting her to how flimsy the installation truly was. She wondered just how much pressure would send them tumbling. Achan spun away flexing his hand, though she didn't know if it was the impact or contact with silver that caused him pain. Sitting on the sofa facing her he smiled once again.
"You'll come to me begging. They always do. Besides, I know your secrets."
Interesting. Phoebe sat on the cot she had been so generously given, "Secrets?"
"You forget my grandmother was a silver wolf. She founded the royal line. It is eternal by the Goddess's own declaration." Phoebe raised her eyebrow. Luna Kleio mentioned that the second silver wolf had been borne at a time when the packs were at war with one another and had helped unify them under a king. But she said nothing of it being eternal.
"You cannot defy the will of the Goddess. I've read my grandmother's journal so I know everything. The moon is your weakness. You're power means nothing without the moon. Well, it's the new moon now, isn't it?"
"All wolves are weaker during the new moon," Phoebe answered.
"But not all lose every bit of their power. Even if your wolf somehow miraculously survived the wolfsbane you couldn't shift right now."
Phoebe frowned. Was he serious? Was that what her predecessor wrote or was that what he fooled himself into believing?
"I also know you can only give birth to a pup once."
That made Phoebe sit up a little straighter.
Achan's smile widened, "Didn't know that, did you? It's true. You will only ever have one pup."
'Máni, is that true?'
...I don't know. There have only ever been three silver wolves so it's not exactly a proper sample. And even if our predecessors only had one pup they also lived in a time of upheaval and turmoil. Being able to only bring one pup into world could simply mean they didn't live long enough to bring in another'
'True.'
"It's all right here," Achan pulled a small, slim notebook bound in leather. "My grandmother wrote everything down. Including how anxious she was to bring her pup into the world knowing it would be her first and last."
Phoebe eyed the book both warily and with longing. There was so much she didn't understand about herself and silver wolves. It would be nice to have the words from one who was like her. Even Máni was anxious to have a look.
"I also know about the prophecy," Achan said, "she wrote it all down. She wrote the royal line must be strengthened with the blood of a silver wolf so that it would continued into eternity."
Phoebe frowned. If there was one thing she knew about prophecies was that they could be interpreted many ways. The future was mutable and a prophecy made yesterday may become void later because every action changed the trajectory. That was why she wasn't surprised witches never wrote them down.
She doubted very much Achan's interpretation of his grandmother's prophecy and had even less faith in his general reasoning. However, it did align somewhat with what Emily said. It seemed clear her pup was meant for great things.
"Which is why you are here," Achan said. "Your heat should start soon and I will ensure the next king be birthed from my loins."
'He can't be serious, Máni huffed.
'I think he is,' Phoebe was just as astonished as her wolf.
"So you can deny me all you like, but once your heat starts you will come begging to me."
"You seem very confident."
"Naturally, that injection you were given also included a healthy dose of hormones to trigger your heat. So it won't be long." 'Máni?'
'I said it was laced with something!
'Are we...okay?'
'I think so. I mean, I don't feel any different. If it was just hormones we can process it naturally. And we're already with pup so we won't be going into heat any time soon!'
"What! You said we were going to take care of her!" Camilla said. "I want her to suffer! I don't want her birthing the next king like some w***e!"
Achan lurched to his feet and grasped her throat, squeezing until she struggled for air, "Have care what your say...she is my w***e!"
"Say that again...I dare you!"
Phoebe jerked to her feet, her heart racing, "Jason!"
###Chapter 104
Jason was slowly losing his mind. They found Phoebe's phone in seconds after a sweep of the area as they removed the bodies and he gripped it tightly because it was the only thing still containing her scent. He needed to stay calm. Phoebe was counting on him. Luke stood over the hood of the SUV with a laptop on top of it. He wore headphones and a mic as he coordinated with various teams and they expanded their search. It was clear neither target was at the stadium and now they needed to find them. The tracker in Phoebe's shoe was pinging reliably and had settled short time ago. Unless they had thrown out her shoes then it was safe to assume the destination had been reached. Luke announced the address located in Lower Mount Royal. "Mean anything to you?" Jason demanded of Thomas still kneeling on the grand.
"Y-yes," Thomas sighed, "that's one of our properties."
"Not anymore," Jason snarled. He was tempted to kill him and be done with him but he didn't want to tip off Phoebe's captors. "I want it surrounded."
"Chris? Em?" Luke suddenly stiffened. "You have sights on Achan? Where?"
Jason's breath hitched. Once he had Phoebe safe again he would end the prince in the most painful way possible.
Luke hesitated before announcing, "Looks like he's headed to the same place."
Jason growled. So much the better. Now he could get Phoebe back and take care of Achan in one fell swoop. He glanced at Thomas then to the guards.
"Keep him contained. I don't want him alerting them we are on our way," Jason leaned close, glaring at the alpha, "but know this... if I find Katrina there she will not be breathing much longer."
"...no, please..."
"I'm out of patience with her little games," Jason snarled, "you should have kept her on a tighter leash. Let's go! I'm getting my Luna, now!"
"Jason! Please!" Thomas called as he was dragged away. He would wait in one of the Blue Moon's holding cells for his own fate. But Jason was in no mood to be generous.
The others hurriedly climbed into their transportation and the vehicles tore out of the area to reclaim their pack's Luna and now Queen. Luke continued to coordinate with their remote teams to surround and secure the area. When all was ready he gave the word to begin.
***
Blood Moon warriors quietly paced their patrol areas. It was a rather boring detail considering all the excitement was currently at the stadium and they eagerly waited to hear the results. They heard nothing and spotted no shadows before darts loaded with wolfsbane and tranquilizers struck them and then fell unconscious. It would have been easier to kill them but the breaking tethers of their deaths would have alerted the rest.
Once the perimeter was secure the others moved in. An SUV with a reinforced front end rammed the gate and Blue Moon warriors clad in tactical gear descended in force. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. They made no sound, demanded no surrender as they shot every target in front of the time with darts to render them unconscious and prevent them from sounding alarm. Upstairs and down were quickly secured before Jason even set foot inside but there was only one thing he wanted. Now that he was on sight Lobo tuned every sense to their mate.
She was here and for their sake she better be unharmed.
Following the faint trace of her scent, he arrived at the basement door. It was large, heavy and reinforced. It would take hours to cut through it but Christina already secured the key. Though she wanted to send a team down first one look at her alpha and she knew Jason would go alone. The door swung open soundlessly and he descended into the darkness beyond with Lobo bristling to be let out.
"Have care what you say...she is my w***e!" Achan's voice called out like a bell and tolled his doom.
"Say that again...I dare you!"
Jason's aura preceded him flooding the lower level before he reached the last step. Those below struggled to remain on their feet including Achan. The only one who seemed perfectly comfortable was Phoebe who immediately stood and moved closer to the bars. "...Jason."
He looked at her. His gaze immediately warmed at the sight of her seemingly unharmed before he glared at the silver bars keeping her in her small cell. Glancing at the trio in front of him, he snarled. "Keys! Now!"
His command rolled over them and Katrina stiffly moved forward, keys in hand. Jason snatched them from her before his other hand gripped her neck. "...please..."
The word barely left her before her lifeless body collapsed on the floor. He spared her no glance, turning to Phoebe's prison and unlocking the door. She stepped out and into his arms. Her arms snaked around his waist as she pressed herself against him. "I knew you'd find me," Phoebe sighed as his embrace settled around her.
"Always, angel," Jason allowed himself a brief moment of satisfaction.
He hated the thought of using her as bait but as Emily pointed out, Phoebe was bait whether they used her or not. Precautions had been taken in the form of three trackers, including one she needed to swallow. He buried his nose in her mane breathing deep to fill his lungs with her scent: lilac and sage... and lemon?
Was that their pup's scent? Wasn't it too soon? Was the pup trying to let him know it was fine? Was that even possible? Jason kissed her forehead before turning his attention to their audience. He wasn't certain if he was surprised to see Camilla there or not. It looked as if she had faced her own beating but he had no room for sympathy or pity. She wasn't leaving this basement alive.
"Phoebe, my angel, please go upstairs," Jason gently intoned.
"Jason."
He gently cupped her face, kissing her gently, "Please. You don't need to see this."
Phoebe took a deep breath before nodding. She turned to the stairs only to pause. Looking at Achan, she suddenly marched toward him before claiming the book he dropped on the sofa at Jason's sudden entrance.
The prince smiled but she didn't spare him another glance. Whether the book was truly Eris's journal or not she would figure out later but she wouldn't leave it here.
"Afraid your dear alpha will find out the truth?" Achan asked as she returned to Jason's side.
"That's the difference between you and me, Achan," Phoebe finally looked back at him. "Jason and I have no secrets. We face everything together regardless of what the future may or may not hold."
Achan sneered.
"And another thing," Phoebe couldn't help herself, "you are not leaving here alive. I'm sure Jason will make it as painful as possible, but you should know...I'm already carrying his pup. So you risked all of this for nothing."
Achan sucked in a breath, glancing at the hand she carefully placed over her stomach then to Jason who smirked at him. Without another word, Phoebe headed upstairs and was quickly enveloped in the protection of her pack while Jason turned his full attention at those who remained.
"Camilla! Inside," Jason ordered gesturing to the cell Phoebe recently vacated.
She couldn't resist his command and jerkily entered. He slammed the door closed, locked it and tossed the keys across the room. With her contained he spared her no further thought as he stalked closer to the prince trying desperately not show his nervousness. But Jason wasn't fooled. He smelled fear and his wolf was ready for blood.
"So what next, Jason?" Achan asked. "Shall we duel for all to see in our final epic battle of good and evil?"
"I don't think so," Jason calmly said, "you don't deserve an audience and, more importantly, it wouldn't be much of a battle since your wolf is already dead."
"....H-how did you know that?" Achan paled, showing true emotion for the first time.
"My Luna is very perceptive," Jason smirked, "and you should have known better than to come after her. You should have run when you had the chance." There was almost no warning as Jason stepped forward before suddenly doubling over as his wolf took over.
It would have blood tonight.
###Chapter 105
Four Months Later
Phoebe sighed as Jason's hand gently caressed her stomach, now round and protruding and growing every day. There was never a moment he didn't try to touch it, stroke it or kiss it. He was infatuated with the life growing within. Her scent had taken on a citrus- fruity smell that he knew belonged to his pup.
He nuzzled her with a satisfied smile. His pup. He loved the sound of those words.
"I know you are awake," Phoebe said.
"Of course I am. I never want to waste a moment," Jason chuckled.
It had been a hectic few months and this was truly one of the first mornings he could relax. The Council had declared him king and none voiced opposition despite the bloody nature of how he gained the title.
King Jareb was dead, as were Prince Achan and Princess Selena. However Prince Nolan and Queen Leah were allowed to live. Not only had they been spared but Jason recommended Nolan to be the new alpha of Blood Moon as Thomas had not survived the death of his daughter. According to his guards, Thomas had gone comatose the moment he felt her pack tether snap. Jason had given him the only mercy he could and ended his suffering.
Nolan had been rushed to one of Blue Moon's medical facilities and treated quickly. He was rather surprised to wake up in his hospital bed with Corwin holding one hand and his mother holding the other. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Even more surprising was when Jason appeared a month later to ask him if he wanted to run Blood Moon pack. It was an ancient pack so there were very few capable of stepping in, running it and maintaining it.
"Are you sure? What about..." Nolan's gaze drifted to Corwin.
"I don't see an issue," Jason shrugged. "If you have concerns you should contact Alpha Zain for advice."
There had been some push back in the beginning but on the whole Nolan transitioned into the role of alpha rather seamlessly with his Luna. For now Corwin was not only Luna but also acting Beta, which in some ways actually calmed the pack more after its recent upheaval.
Appointing Nolan alpha also calmed the other ancient packs who worried Jason would attempt to take over himself in a bid for more power. However, power wasn't his aim. The royal pack was absorbed into Blue Moon its members either swearing fealty to their new alpha or choosing to join other packs. As of right now, the royal mansion stood empty since Jason preferred to stay with his own pack.
He wasn't quite sure what to do with it honestly. It was one of the few properties the royal family owned outright and had not mortgaged off. Many of the others Jason sold to pay off the immense debt King Jareb had accrued over the decades including the Alpha School.
Hearing the school was closed had a surprising effect on Phoebe who thought closing any center of learning a shame. However, she had come back with a new idea for the estate. Why not turn it into a new school, one with proper teachers and curriculum? The idea had merits but it could wait for the time being. Jason's priority was her health and the pup's.
"Today, is the big day," Jason murmured.
"I know," Phoebe chuckled.
They would be going in for an ultrasound to check the pup's development and they would finally know whether it was male or female. Doctor Evans had taken the lead on ensuring Phoebe's care and mentioned her wolf should be in tune enough to have a hunch although every time Phoebe asked Máni remained mysteriously silent on the matter.
Phoebe's gaze drifted to the old journal on her bedside table. By now she had read it several times. Reading the words of her predecessor gave her quite a bit of comfort even if it didn't answer all her questions. Achan claimed he had proof silver wolves only had one pup: however, Phoebe saw no proof of that in the actual words themselves. It was true Eris expressed concern about giving birth to a healthy pup but she never mentioned it being her only pup.
Eris also never said anything about the royal line being eternal or needing a new injection of silver wolf blood to keep its vigor. The prophecy that so seemed to worry the king was contained in a single entry near the end: I have seen the future and I fear my progeny will not be able to keep the promise of the Moon Goddess and the one who comes after me will have their hands full correcting their mistakes.
Phoebe still had no idea if the gift of prophecy was the power of a silver wolf but she knew she herself had never seen the future in any capacity. Perhaps if she only had a little glimpse she would be less anxious. "Angel, you are over-thinking again," Jason cautioned, kissing her shoulder. "We've already proven Achan wrong on all accounts so there is no reason to take his prediction seriously."
"I know," Phoebe sighed welcoming his embrace, "I just want good news."
"It will be all good news."
***
"Okay, Luna just lie down and lift your shirt and we'll see what we have," Doctor Evans smiled.
Phoebe tried to make herself comfortable but it wasn't easy. She had a full and uncomfortable bladder due to the doctor's request and the room was rather cold. Jason clasped her hand, kissing her knuckles.
He had been present for every scan, every appointment. No matter how busy his new duties as king kept him he always made time for her and their pups. Blake and Emma could hardly believe it when Phoebe explained their new status. Not only were they the Alpha and Luna's pups, they were now prince and princess. Blake was still on the fence but Emma proudly declared herself princess to all who asked.
For now they shielded the pups from the worst of the burden but eventually they would have to bear the weight of their titles. Phoebe was confident they would be strong enough.
She winced as the doctor smeared on the jelly before maneuvering the wand against her chilled skin, "Okay, and just to confirm, you want to know the s*x, correct?"
Phoebe nodded. There was a certain appeal to waiting until the pup was born but in the end she preferred knowing. Jason glanced at the screen but only saw strange shadows with no form. Instead he focused on Phoebe. His thumbs traced circles on the back of her hand and he kissed it at intervals to reassure her. The gestures never failed to draw out a smile despite how nervous she was.
"Here, we are," the doctor finally announced, "there is your pup."
Jason looked up. The shadows on screen had finally coalesced allowing him to see the pup for the first time. He's eyes glazed with tears.
"Here is the head and a little arm," the doctor indicated. "Looks like, we have a little boy."
"Boy?" Jason sucked in a breath. He was going to have a son!
The doctor frowned, shifting the wand for another view. Her pensive expression deepened.
"Is everything all right?" Phoebe asked, sensing her disquiet.
"Well, remember that slight shadow I told you not to worry about?"
"Yes," Phoebe tried to swallow her panic.
"It's a girl."
"Wait, what?" Jason suddenly felt himself run cold. "But you said...a boy."
"And a girl," the doctor smiled. "You're having twins."
"Twins? But that's...impossible. Isn't it?"
"Well, it's never been documented before," the doctor corrected. It was long-standing knowledge wolves had only one pup at a time. However, Phoebe was a silver wolf. Who knew if this was normal for her or not? "Jason? Jason!" Phoebe's cries were lost on him as the room spun and suddenly went dark.
###Chapter 106
"Jason? Jason?"
He groaned, slowly opening his eyes to see he now lay on the bed while Phoebe stood at his side holding his hand. Blinking, Jason tried to clear his head before suddenly turning bright red.
"Did I?"
"You did," Phoebe chuckled as he ran a hand through his hair and sat up.
'You fell like a rock,' Lobo snickered.
They were in the same examine room as before but the machine had been set aside and Phoebe was now cleaned up. His gaze fell on her round stomach. Before he even thought about it he reached out to gently caress it. Were there really two pups in there? "I didn't dream that last part, did I?"
"No. Twins," Phoebe smiled handing him the three-dimensional ultrasound picture with two little ones huddled close together.
It had taken some finagling for Doctor Evans to finally get a shot of them together. By the time she was done Phoebe's bladder was ready to burst and she ran immediately to the bathroom while the doctor called for some nurses and orderlies to pick up their unconscious king. When Phoebe returned they were ready to wake him up.
"Twins," Jason repeated. He still couldn't believe it. "Is everything-are they..."
"Yes, Doctor Evans says everything looks good and they are a little small but there are two of them in a space meant for one. She's going to contact some human doctors she knows to find out how they handle multiple-births and create a plan for me." Jason nodded, taking a deep breath. That was a sound idea. He had never heard of a werewolf birthing multiple pups before so it made sense to consult with human doctors. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. From what he understood, multiple-births were not common for humans either but they did happen frequently enough for them to know how to handle them safely. It seemed everything had been handled without the need for his input. Jason felt his face warm again. He couldn't believe he actually fainted. "Jason, are you all right?"
"...I just feel so embarrassed. I just want to crawl in a hole."
"Would a nice shoulder and neck massage help?" Phoebe asked running her fingers through his hair, sending jolts of pleasure through their bond.
"Mmm, maybe," Jason said, his gaze now glowing amber.
"I expect reciprocation," Phoebe warned. "A foot and a back massage would be heavenly."
"I'll never say no to touching you," Jason smiled, finally getting off the bed and embracing her.
Her belly pressed against him as he captured her mouth, hungry to taste her. He groaned wanting nothing more than to take her to bed immediately when the sensation of being kicked forced him to step back and look at her stomach. Phoebe chuckled. "I think your boy is saying he and his sister need their space."
Jason growled, stroking her stomach, "Well, he's going to learn to share."
"I could say the same thing for his daddy."
He kissed her again. When it came to their pups he wouldn't mind sharing at all.
"Come on, everyone is waiting," Phoebe tugged him toward the door.
He was reluctant but the promise of massages later soothed him enough to follow her to the waiting room where Blake, Emma, his mother, Luke and Mona, Ben and Lucille, Bridget and even Dash waited to hear their news. After Phoebe recovered from her abduction the warrior put in for a transfer choosing to join his mate's pack. Though Dash would always be grateful to Alpha Zain and Luna Chandler for their support, joining Blue Moon meant not just staying with his mate but also protecting Phoebe and her pups. "Mommy! Daddy!" Emma squealed, running up to them the moment she saw them.
Jason scooped her up and nuzzled her. Blake was s step behind his sister and just as eager, "Did you see the baby?"
"Babies," Phoebe correct.
"Babies?" Norah repeated.
Phoebe nodded before handing her one of the ultrasound pictures as she shared the other with Blake and Emma, "See, this is your little brother and sister."
"Twins!" Lucille exclaimed looking at the picture her mother held, "are you shitting me?"
"Language!" Norah admonished. "Twins? Is it true?"
Phoebe nodded, "Helen thought she heard a heart murmur on my last scan and there was a little bit of a shadow on the ultrasound she dismissed."
"But it really was a second pup," Norah surmised.
"Werewolves only ever have one pup so we didn't even consider the possibility of twins but...it's twins."
"Damn, you are going to get huge!" Ben scoffed.
"Really!" Lucille slapped his shoulder. "That's all you have to say?"
"Daddy, what are going to do when mommy is this big?" Emma stretched out her arms.
"Well, I'll just have to hug her a whole lot tighter and kiss her a whole lot more," Jason smiled giving Phoebe a look that promised more than that.
***
"Jason, where are we going?" Phoebe laughed.
They had just delivered the news to the pack and endured near riotous cheers for their good fortune. The packlink practically buzzed with their excitement. They were already planning how to welcome their prince and princess, which reminded Jason and Phoebe they would have to officially announce the news to the Council and the other packs now that they bore the titles King and Queen. But that was a task for tomorrow.
Right now, Phoebe just wanted to relax in their room, off her feet. Jason; however, had other ideas. As soon as they arrived on the alpha floor he led her to a door she had never entered before and told her to close her eyes.
There were several rooms she hadn't explored even after all this time thinking they weren't her business but Jason claimed this room was meant for her. He opened the door and carefully led her inside.
"I wanted this to be a birthday gift but it was too hectic at the time with everything going on. Happy belated birthday," Jason intoned, "and Merry Solstice."
Phoebe chuckled knowing the holiday was right around the corner. There was a lot of planning to do for the pack. In addition, as king and queen they were also expected to hold a special royal ball. It was a lot on her plate but Norah, Mona and Lucille were happily planning alongside her. She was just glad she would not be celebrating the holiday alone. This year, she had a mate, pups, family and pack all wanting to be at her side.
"Open your eyes," Jason urged.
Phoebe blinked her eyes as her gaze fell on a cozy study. Dark, floor to ceiling shelves stood ready for books. Two, large antique chairs were situated near a large, bay window which let in plenty of natural light. A gas fireplace with a wide mantel made her feel instantly at home. The carpet was thick and firm, accentuated by a large, Persian rug. There was a rolling latter attached to a track so she would have easy access to even the highest shelves. It was warm and inviting even with the boxes of books carefully lined up ready for sorting.
"Jason?"
"What do you think?" Jason asked, standing behind her with both hands settling on her stomach. "Your own sanctuary." Phoebe leaned against him, "When did you do this?"
"It started as soon as you arrived. I wasn't sure I'd be able to keep it secret especially when it came time to install everything but luckily my Luna is quite studious when it comes to the early education of our pack pups."
He growled low but to her ears it was more like a purr as he nuzzled and nibbled her neck. She shivered with the sensations he was sending through her.
"Well? Do you like it, my angel?" Jason muttered.
"No...I love it! Thank you!"
Phoebe turned holding his face before kissing him fully and passionately. Jason had no qualms about letting her take the lead. He loved her assertive side.
###Chapter 107
Alphas and Lunas from all over the world had gathered in the wide courtyard of the old royal mansion. It stood empty for months but in the last few weeks cleaning crews had prepared it for their visitors. Rather than disrupt every pack's Winter Solstice celebrations the king and queen opted to move the Royal Solstice Ball to the New Year.
And that wasn't the only change.
In the past the Ball had been one night and only the most prestigious alphas invited. This year, the festivities were stretched out for a week and all alphas and lunas regardless of status encouraged to attend. The king and queen would remain in attendance and make themselves available for the duration but all others were welcome to come and go at their convenience.
The royal mansion was being treated as a hotel with rooms available for attendees as well as a full kitchen and maid staff to provide proper amenities. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Many packs maintained estates nearby where they would stay for the duration of their visit so the mansion was mostly for alphas of smaller packs. Even the king and queen were staying in their own estate though they would spend most of their time at the mansion for the various scheduled events.
While a few muttered about tradition, the changes were definitely welcomed. The king had not limited the attendees' escorts, allowing them to bring what they were comfortable with for support and security of themselves and their lunas. They were also encouraged to bring their pups making it a real family-friendly event.
Expanding the Ball to a full week meant alphas could stagger their visits, though as expected, the first night was the most crowded and highly anticipated. This would be the first official public appearance of the king and queen and none wanted to miss it. In years to come, they would brag that they were there to witness this momentous event. This was truly the beginning of a new age for werewolves the world over.
Icicle lights and lanterns hung along the eaves, creating a bright and magical atmosphere. Pups darted from one buffet line to another, filling plate after plate with delicious offerings. There was even an ice cream bar for them to indulge in as they saw fit as they sat the numerous tables to enjoy. As there was no assigned seating there was no need to stand on ceremony and the pups had no difficulty relating to each other regardless of status. For the adults, there was an open bar as well as servers who carried platters of drinks and hors d'oeuvres. All drinks and food was free
wolfsbane and some of the finest to be found. In past years, royal guards had stood along the edge of the courtyard as a subtle reminder they were under the jurisdiction of the king. However, tonight those guards were missing. In fact, they didn't see any security personnel for the king or queen not realizing the servers themselves were the guards. Their disguise allowed them to mingle with the crowd, keeping an eye out for any dangers to their king and queen. The atmosphere was pleasant and low-key. Everything had been painstakingly arranged to create a welcoming and relaxed experience, quite different from the tense one they were used to at such gatherings.
As the night progressed, a call turned their attention to the royal entrance, "Now entering King Jason Aiman, Queen Phoebe Aiman, Prince Blake and Princess Emma Aiman."
With a smattering of applause they now understood why pups had been allowed as their gazes looked at the young prince and princess rumored to be adopted. They stood mirror images of their parents with the young prince sporting a tailored suit and his sister in a pretty blue dress.
The king wore a black suit with a tie that matched the color of his queen's ice-blue gown. But it was the queen who was the real star. She stood regal in her gown sparkling with rhinestones. It hugged her gentle curves and accentuated her ever-growing belly, confirming the announcement made a few weeks ago. Very soon the royal family would be expanding, though the attendees weren't sure if they believed she was really caring twins.
The queen's rich, dark hair was carefully tamed in a bun and she was crowned with a dazzling diamond tiara with topaz accents. Though Jason preferred simple attire for himself, he had no qualms in making his Luna shine. She seemed a little embarrassed with the attention but not to Jason's gentle caresses. A server brought them a tray with drinks for them and the prince and princess.
Finally tearing his attention away from his queen Jason addressed the crowd raising a glass for a toast, "Friends, fellow wolves, the last year has been a year of change and upheaval. It hasn't been easy and it has left some very deep scars. But we stand here tonight: stronger and better.
"As your King, I swear to rule with a clear, level-head, and to honor the Moon Goddess who bore us. We are wolves with bonds that bind us to our packs, our families and to our mates. And I swear, I will always respect and defend those bonds with my life. So tonight, let's celebrate our bonds and through them honor the Goddess who continues to bless us."
He raised his glass to the moon shining above. They followed his gesture, toasting the moon. Phoebe followed suit though her glass was only filled with the same sparkling juice as the pups. There was no evidence to suggest werewolf pregnancies were affected by alcohol like human ones but she and Jason were not taking any chances.
After the toast, Jason led his queen down to mingle with the crowd. The newly-crowned prince and princess followed them for a time before growing bored and moved off to find guests their own ages. If the others thought Jason and Phoebe would be more anxious about their pups wandering off they were mistaken. With security out in full force and mingling among the guests there was never a moment watchful eyes were not monitoring the pups' every move.
The first to greet the royal couple were those with the closest personal ties: Alpha Reed and Luna Chloe, Alpha Zain and Luna Chandler, Alpha William and Luna Lily, Alpha Hymen and Luna Kleio, Alpha Atticus and Luna Koko. All were eager to catch up especially Lily who was showing her own baby bump. The lunas chatted easily as if they were sisters and the alphas were completely at ease with one another, showing no signs of aggression or animosity despite the difference in their overall rank. Gradually, others found themselves drawn toward their queen. It was like the tide slowly coming. Jason watched without comment but his chest swelled with pride. None could compare, none even came close.
"I can't wait for our pups to be able to grow up together," Phoebe chuckled, drawing Lily close. Pups had an easier time getting along when the age gap between them was not overly great.
"I know," Lily agreed, "although I'm so nervous."
"No need to be," Chloe assured her. "You'll be a fantastic mother."
"But you, twins?" Kleio clapped. "I can't believe it! This has never happened before... or at least has never been recorded." "Neither can we," Phoebe said. "I still don't know if it is a fluke or completely normal. I've reread Eris's journal so many times but she makes no mention of it." "I can't believe you have her journal!" Kleio said. "I hope I can see it sometime."
"Of course, I actually brought it with me intending to give it to you," Phoebe said. "I was hoping New Moon could make a copy to preserve it. There are also several entries that are too hard to read. I wondered if they could be restored." "Absolutely! It's our area of expertise, after all!"
###Chapter 108
"Here you are," Phoebe said handing the next book to Emma who hurriedly delivered it to Norah to shelve with the others.
It had been two months since the New Year Ball, which by all accounts was a rousing success. She had been happy to see alphas and lunas of multiple ranks mingling with each other every night and actually be able to converse freely without animosity or dominance. There was some tensions earlier in the week but everyone seemed to get along and it allowed her to reconnect with several lunas, including Koko. Someone she hadn't expected to see was the newly appointed Alpha Michael and his Luna Maryanne from Rimrock. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Maryanne seemed to be quite demur until asked about her expertise: computers and technology. Once the subject was open she came alive rattling off complex code and algorithms like nursery rhymes. Thanks to her Rimrock was recovering its losses much more quickly. Michael also accepted Jason's offer to send trainers to whip their warriors back into shape. Phoebe was happy to learn her former pack would be all right and eagerly accepted Michael's invitation to visit after her pups were born. The Rimrock pups were excited to see her and give her full reports on what they learned in her absence. Maryanne and Kleio also hit it off rather famously and spent a good portion of the night discussing how to digitize New Moon's vast collection and preserve it for future generations. The future for wolves looked bright indeed. Meanwhile Helen spoke with several human doctors about the difficulties with a multiple-births. They were all too happy to share their knowledge on a subject werewolves normally had very little interest.
For humans, the risk for complications was much higher with the birth of multiples. Multiples seldom made it full term, usually being born premature, but that was considered normal. Additionally, they were usually born via c-section, especially with multiple births involving triplets and above.
However, not everything translated to werewolf pregnancies. While human multiples were born earlier than normal, it seemed a werewolf multiple was opposite. Six months was the normal gestation for a werewolf and Phoebe was already a month overdue but as they had no precedents to gauge whether this was typical. Doctor Evans assured her, it was probably normal but as a precaution ordered bed rest while they continued to monitor her progress. It was actually getting annoying and Máni was beginning to chaff under the restrictions.
In fact, her wolf had been getting rather moody lately, vacillating between contentment, depression, boredom and frustration. And it was beginning to affect Phoebe's mood as well. Numerous times Phoebe caught herself snapping at others over the smallest things. She apologized after each incident and others seemed to understand but she still felt bad and afterwards Máni would descend into another depression spiral.
Phoebe wasn't sure what was wrong with her wolf. Everyone assured her it was just pregnancy hormones but she couldn't shake the feeling it was something more especially after reading Eris's diary, which was now with Kleio for restoration and copying. At the end of the diary, Eris mentioned she was worried about her pup's future and how well it would cope in a changing world. The later entries suffered the worst deterioration and Phoebe felt something important was lost in those missing words, perhaps the very key to Máni's melancholy.
It was Máni's moroseness that ultimately triggered Doctor Evans to order bed rest. Post-partum depression was rare in wolves but it did happen and the doctor wanted Phoebe to focus and bond with her pups before their birth in hopes of alleviating the risk. It was also the reason she was currently ensconced in a comfortable chaise lounge sorting books while Norah, Emma and Blake helped shelve them. They all claimed they wanted to be helpful in setting up her room but it was just to keep an eye on her. Phoebe really didn't mind and appreciated their concern. It was going to be hectic with the twins so she needed to enjoy these quiet moments.
"Oliver Twist," Phoebe announced, handing the book to Blake. "D for Dickens."
Norah dutifully moved the ladder before climbing up to the correct shelf. Phoebe's father had organized his book by topic or subject first then by author's last name. After his death she hadn't had the heart to reorganize his shelves but now that she was starting from square one she elected to go strictly alphabetical by author's surname.
Phoebe reached for the next book and a sharp pain suddenly assailed her. She breathed out slowly, waiting for it to subside. For the past several weeks, she had been experiencing contractions, another reason for her bed rest. The pain subsided and she breathed easier again. A few minutes later came another pain worse than the first.
Phoebe groaned, trying to breathe through it like she did the last one but it was slow to subside. She gripped the edge of the box until it finally eased.
"Phoebe, are you all right?" Norah asked.
"I'm not sure," she hugged her stomach as the pains came and went. "I think...I might be going into labor."
"It's all right," Norah gripped her hand. "Breathe, one, two...good. Come on, we need to get you to the hospital."
"Jason?"
"Mom?"
"It's time. Phoebe needs you."
She felt his surge of panic before the link closed. Focusing on Phoebe, Norah helped her to her feet and carefully led her toward the elevator. Phoebe could barely waddle as she fought the pain of the contractions getting stronger as she moved. They just managed to reach the landing when Jason suddenly rushed around the corner to meet them. His gaze was full of worry as he ran up the steps to her. Cupping her face, he pecked a kiss on her lips before taking over from his mother and escorting her to the waiting elevator. Phoebe leaned against him. His scent and touch calming her beyond words. He half-carried her to the front doors of the packhouse where vehicles waited to rush them to the hospital. It seemed laughable that they would need to use a vehicle for such a short distance but she certainly wasn't going to walk.
Jason helped her in before rushing to the other side. Luke was behind the wheel and drove off the moment they were settled in the backseat. Behind them, Norah, the pups and Lucille climbed into the other SUV with Ben to follow.
"Doctor Evans! Phoebe's in labor!" Jason announced holding Phoebe's hand as she winced with another contraction. "We're ready," was the immediate answer.
Over the last couple weeks there had been a couple false starts but the staff was waiting in eager anticipation for their Luna to give birth. None dared fall behind when the warning was given.
They arrived at the hospital moments later but for Phoebe it felt like years as she breathed through her contraction, trying to time them in her mind. As soon as the vehicle came to a stop Jason was out and circled to her side to help her out.
Bridget was at the door with a wheelchair for her. Phoebe gratefully collapsed into the chair and Jason wheeled her in. Bridget led the way to the maternity ward where their room was already prepared. Jason helped her onto the bed and waited anxiously as they hooked her up to the vital signs monitor and began measuring her contractions now coming and fairly regularly.
"We're still about six minutes apart," Doctor Evans concluded. "Alpha, Luna, it'll be a good idea to relax. This may take awhile."
"But the babies are coming," Jason said.
"Yes," she smiled. "They are definitely on their way."
Jason let out a heavy sigh, kissing Phoebe's hand and held her close. Finally, their wait was almost over and their pups would soon make their entrance into the world. Elder Ansel made him promise to alert them the moment the twins arrived as the werewolf community was also waiting in anticipation.
"I'm sorry, I hope I didn't pull you out of an important meeting," Phoebe apologized. He had been working tirelessly to clean up the last loose ends of the previous king.
"Don't be ridiculous," Jason scoffed, "there is nothing more important in this world than you and our pups. Everything else can wait."
He kissed her forehead and nuzzled her, making her chuckle and easing her anxiety. Jason never failed to make it clear she came first. Jason stroked her cheek, smiling as she leaned into his touch.
"Rest, Phoebe," Jason finally said. "The doctor said we'll be here for awhile."
Phoebe nodded. She dosed on and off. Norah, the pups, Ben and Lucille, Luke and Mona, Dash and Cam, and Noah took turns coming in to visit as the labor slowly progressed. Bridget remained on hand to monitor her when the doctor had to step out.
When Phoebe got closer Bridget helped her into a hospital gown with the contractions growing closer and more painful. Phoebe let out a pained gasped during a trip to the bathroom feeling something shift and her inner thighs were suddenly coated in a fluid. She looked at the puddle at her feet then at Bridget.
"Is that?"
"Yep, your water broke. Your pups are definitely on their way now."
###Chapter 109
"Breathe Luna! Breathe. Deep breath."
Phoebe struggled to breathe as Doctor Evans instructed. She gripped Jason's hand like a vice. Normally, she would be worried she was hurting him but at the moment his discomfort was the furthest from her mind. Jason bore it without complaint. He stroked her hair, patting away sweat from her brow and encouraging her. If he could take away her pain he would in a heartbeat, but he could only offer her support.
"Okay, next contraction I want you to push," Doctor Evans instructed.
Though humans often resorted to a c-section for multiple births, such a procedure was dangerous for werewolves whose healing ability would kick in immediately to seal the injury. The only way to prevent that from occurring was to use wolfsbane or silver blades which would naturally suppress their healing but that put the pups at risk. It would be better for Phoebe and her pups to be born naturally.
Phoebe sat up pushing with all her might.
"Push, push, push, okay breathe."
Phoebe slumped back catching her breath as the doctor gently rotated the pup's head.
"Okay, one more time."
Phoebe groaned pushing until something seemed to snap and the pup's shoulder appeared allowing the rest to slip out with relatively ease. "Okay, rest. Breathe."
Phoebe welcomed the sense of relief that the first pup was now out. She struggled to catch her breath as Doctor Evans tied off the umbilical cord and a nurse who had a soft blanket ready took the pup to an area off to the side. There, the nurse gently cleaned the pup and cleared its airways while Jason anxiously looked on.
Was it normal for the pup to be so quiet?
Was something wrong?
Did they even know if it was all right?
Why wasn't anyone saying anything?
"Wah!" the pup suddenly wailed coming to life with its first breath.
Jason let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. The pup was okay. Their pup was okay. But that was only half the battle as Phoebe groaned with another contraction.
One down. One to go.
"Okay, I know you are tired," Doctor Evans gently intoned, "but we're almost there."
Phoebe nodded, breathing deep. She reached for her wolf hoping to gain some strength but Máni seemed distant almost
in a trance. This had been happening more recently lately. It was like her wolf was wandering. Phoebe hadn't minded as it kept her wolf's mood from affecting her own but right now she needed her wolf to focus. They had two pups to bring into the world.
'Máni, I need you. Please, just one more pup.
... Yes, just one more.
Phoebe wondered about her wolf's sudden mood but she felt her strength return as Máni channeled through her. They were in this together. They were going to bring their pups into the world, happy and healthy.
***
Jason's head was swimming. He felt drunk. Just across the room two perfect little pups were whimpering as nurses cleaned them, weighed and took measurements. Phoebe lay exhausted but with a gentle, satisfied smile. Her eyes shimmered silver. It was done. Their pups were born, healthy and safely.
He was in awe of her.
Picking up her hand, he kissed it. He never let her hand go the entire time but now it suddenly felt cold and clammy. The tingles of the bond seemed duller than usual.
"Phoebe?" Jason looked at her caressing her cheeks. "Phoebe."
She blinked weakly. Her gray eyes were dull and her complexion paler than usual.
"Phoebe?"
"...I'm.....sorry..."
"What? Phoebe!"
Jason's shout drew the attention of the nurses as the machines monitoring Phoebe's vitals suddenly flat-lined. "Phoebe!"
"Crash cart!" Doctor Evan yelled. "Adrenaline! Alpha, please move!"
"Beta! Gamma! You are needed!"
"Phoebe!" Jason was too in shock to fight as Doctor Evans pushed him to the side and began chest compressions.
Seeing the doctor seemingly attack his mate, his wolf pushed forward. He bared his teeth ready to retaliate when Luke and Ben rushed in and held him back, summoned by the doctor's silent call.
"Jason! She's trying to help!" Luke shouted as Jason fought them.
"Charging!" Bridget announced as she wheeled the defibrillator close. Doctor Evans placed the contact points before grabbing the paddles. "Clear!"
Fur bristled along Jason's arms as Luke and Ben struggled to hold him back. Some part of him must have known they were trying to help because he didn't throw them off. He reached for her through their bond but the tethers holding them suddenly seemed fragile and frayed.
NO! It couldn't be!
Phoebe's body jerked but the machine continued to screech.
"Continuing CPR," Doctor Evans declared as they waited for the machine to build its charge again.
"Phoebe!" Jason shouted in anguish as their bond unraveled.
"Jason!"
"Clear!"
"Jason, not here!" Ben desperately cried as his wolf surged forward desperate to make it to its mate.
They couldn't let an enraged wolf loose in the hospital. His claws dug into the linoleum floor and he gnashed at them with
his teeth. They could sense him losing control and they would not be able to restrain him much longer.
Phoebe's link with the pack suddenly snapped and a tremor shook them to their core. The entire pack felt it and all activity came to a sudden halt. A void opened up, leaving them incomplete.
were in this together. They were going to bring their pups into the world, happy and healthy.
***
Jason's head was swimming. He felt drunk. Just across the room two perfect little pups were whimpering as nurses cleaned them, weighed and took measurements. Phoebe lay exhausted but with a gentle, satisfied smile. Her eyes shimmered silver. It was done. Their pups were born, healthy and safely.
He was in awe of her.
Picking up her hand, he kissed it. He never let her hand go the entire time but now it suddenly felt cold and clammy. The tingles of the bond seemed duller than usual.
"Phoebe?" Jason looked at her caressing her cheeks. "Phoebe."
She blinked weakly. Her gray eyes were dull and her complexion paler than usual.
"Phoebe?"
"...I'm.....sorry..."
"What? Phoebe!"
Jason's shout drew the attention of the nurses as the machines monitoring Phoebe's vitals suddenly flat-lined. "Phoebe!"
"Crash cart!" Doctor Evan yelled. "Adrenaline! Alpha, please move!"
"Beta! Gamma! You are needed!"
"Phoebe!" Jason was too in shock to fight as Doctor Evans pushed him to the side and began chest compressions.
Seeing the doctor seemingly attack his mate, his wolf pushed forward. He bared his teeth ready to retaliate when Luke and Ben rushed in and held him back, summoned by the doctor's silent call.
"Jason! She's trying to help!" Luke shouted as Jason fought them.
"Charging!" Bridget announced as she wheeled the defibrillator close. Doctor Evans placed the contact points before grabbing the paddles. "Clear!"
Fur bristled along Jason's arms as Luke and Ben struggled to hold him back. Some part of him must have known they were trying to help because he didn't throw them off. He reached for her through their bond but the tethers holding them suddenly seemed fragile and frayed.
NO! It couldn't be!
Phoebe's body jerked but the machine continued to screech.
"Continuing CPR," Doctor Evans declared as they waited for the machine to build its charge again.
"Phoebe!" Jason shouted in anguish as their bond unraveled.
"Jason!"
"Clear!"
"Jason, not here!" Ben desperately cried as his wolf surged forward desperate to make it to its mate.
They couldn't let an enraged wolf loose in the hospital. His claws dug into the linoleum floor and he gnashed at them with
his teeth. They could sense him losing control and they would not be able to restrain him much longer.
Phoebe's link with the pack suddenly snapped and a tremor shook them to their core. The entire pack felt it and all activity came to a sudden halt. A void opened up, leaving them incomplete.
No. It wasn't possible. She couldn't...
"What is going on?" Norah suddenly pushed her way in into the room as Phoebe's link snapped and her body shuddered.
She gasped at the void that suddenly settled in her heart and in the hearts of all pack members. Their Luna was gone. Disorientated, Norah looked to see Jason partially shift trying to claw his way back to his mate, but it was already too late. Without a word, she stumbled toward the table where the newborn pups whimpered. Their bond with their mother would be strongest and they writhed with the sudden loss of her presence. Sobbing, Norah scooped up her grandson, clutching him close before shuffling toward Jason still struggling in Luke and Ben's arms.
"J-Jason," Norah finally reached him, forcing him to look at her. "She's gone. She's gone."
Tears blurred his vision. His wolf seemed frozen, mid-shift. They desperately reached for their bond and found...nothing.
It couldn't be true.
He wouldn't believe it.
He couldn't.
"She's gone," Norah repeated softly, pressing the pup into his arms.
He clutched it as its sweet-peppery scent reached him and stirred something in his mind. His son. Phoebe's son.
His fur subsided. His claws and teeth retracted allowing Luke and Ben to breathe a relieved sigh.
Jason desperately looked toward the bed. Doctor Evans and the nurses had stopped working. Moments ago the room had been filled with joy and excitement, now it was deathly quiet as they stood with their heads bowed. Phoebe's form lay quiet and lifeless.
No.
No!
"Phoebe!" Jason reeled back his head and howled in rage and pain the likes of which he had never known before.
###Chapter 110
Phoebe stirred as a soft breeze tickled her nose. It gently rustled the long grass and heather surrounding her. The air smelled fresh and pure like after a long, cleansing rain. She could lay there forever.
Wait.
Where was she?
Something didn't feel right.
She was supposed to be somewhere.
There was something important she had to do.
She was just with someone, someone important.
Jason...the pups!
Her eyes snapped open as she jolted upright.
She wasn't at the pack hospital anymore. In fact, she wasn't sure where she was. Standing up, she looked around her. She stood in a field of rolling wild grasses and flowers waving in the breeze. In the far distance was a forest. There were no signs, no landmarks. She could be anywhere except there were no sounds, no birdsongs, no animal calls. It was like everything was asleep, frozen or...dead.
A shudder tore through her as fear seized her.
"Do not be afraid," a gentle, low voice intoned.
Spinning around Phoebe found herself facing a woman dressed in a flowing robe embroidered with symbols she didn't recognize in shimmering, silver thread. She had a thick mane of flowing black hair and a dark, olive-toned complexion. Her eyes, though, are what caught Phoebe's attention: silver-gray.
"Who-"
"Am I?" the woman asked with gentle smile. "I can tell you, but you already know."
"The Moon Goddess."
"That is one of my many names, yes. You may call me Cynthia."
"Why am I here?"
"You already know the answer to that question too."
"...but why? Why now? After everything...why?" Phoebe demanded tears welling in her eyes and blurring her vision.
"When my children lose their way and need direction I choose a soul and bind a piece of my own to theirs. This is the one chosen to guide them."
"The silver wolf," Phoebe muttered in understanding.
"My messenger. My incarnate. The guide chosen to lead my wayward children," the Goddess nodded. "But the powers of a goddess cannot remain on Earth. It would throw off the balance of the world and destroy the fabric of reality. It must return to its source when its purpose is fulfilled."
"...and that is why...this is the reason why silver wolves only give birth once, isn't it? They never...and having twins? Is that part of it too?"
"The blessings bestowed upon you are too great to be passed to a single heir or else they would become my incarnate and the cycle would start again. That is why the blessings must be halved to allow them to grow and live normal lives." Phoebe hugged herself, fighting back tears. So there was the answer to her questions, 'Máni, did you know?'
...I felt something, her wolf quietly admitted. 'I didn't know exactly what it was, but it felt...bad.
'And that's why you've been moody. ...sorry!
Phoebe shook her head as she shuddered. She couldn't hold back her tears anymore. It was unfair. This was her fate? She would never be able to hold her pups? She would never see Jason again? Her duty was done and this was her reward? This loneliness? This emptiness? Who would explain this to Jason? To their pups? Who would hold them when they were afraid? Tell them how much their mother loved them? Missed them? Wanted to be there for them? How could this be the end? "PHOEBE!"
"Jason?" Phoebe suddenly jerked to attention.
She spun around, but he was not there. There was nothing in sight except a small pond and the timeless field of grass. She stood alone.
Phoebe sank to her knees, shaking with a sob. The anguish in his voice was more than she could bear. She wanted to wrap her arms around him, comfort him. But he was out of her reach...forever. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Phoebe cried out, overcome with sorrow. The Goddess stood watching her. Three times she had to intervene on her children's behalf. Three times she had called the pieces of her soul back. It was never easy. But this time was different.
The two previous silver wolves mourned their loss but they remained remarkably calm about their fate. They lamented not being able to hold their pups at least once, but that was the fate of mortals. Phoebe was different. Her bonds much stronger and her heart shattered for the ones she left behind.
And she wasn't the only one breaking down. It was clear her mate was in equal anguish. The Goddess hadn't forgotten his part. She planned to reward him with a second chance mate after he had been allowed to grieve but now...she knew he would accept no other. Jason would never allow another to touch his heart. It fully belonged to Phoebe, forever.
It had been centuries since she felt a bond this strong, one that stretched even into this realm. Perhaps it good be done... Yes. She could feel the way still open. It was possible.
"I am sorry, my child," the Goddess offered Phoebe a hand, but she ignored it. "I can feel bond, the love you share with your mate. The way is not yet closed, if you are willing to risk it. I may be able to send you back."
"Back?" Phoebe suddenly looked up. "I can go back?"
"It is a possibility if you are willing, but it will require sacrifice."
"Sacrifice? What do I have that I could possibly..." Phoebe's brow furrowed before she looked up in shock. "You mean..." The Goddess nodded, "I can send you back...but not your wolf."
Phoebe gasped. That was her choice? Her mate or her wolf? How could she possibly choose between the two halves of her soul?
...Go, Phoebe.'
'Máni? I...
'Go.'
'But Máni...
'I said go. We cannot both leave our Mate and pups. Go. Máni's voice was gentle, but firm. 'I'll be here, waiting!
"Have you made your choice?" the Goddess asked after a moment.
Phoebe hesitated. She couldn't say it but she didn't need to. The Goddess felt her and Máni's assent. They had decided together.
A sharp pain pierced Phoebe's chest causing her to double over. When it finally subsided and she could breathe again she was overcome with a profound sense of loss and emptiness. A familiar presence that had always been there was missing. It was gone. Máni was really gone.
A whine made her look up and Phoebe found herself face-to-face with a beautiful silver wolf. Its fur gleamed in the moonlight. Its blue-gray eyes were filled with understanding and love. With her vision blurring, Phoebe reached out cupping the wolf's face in her palms. Her fingers caressed the silky-soft fur. How many werewolves ever had the chance to greet their wolves like this?
"Máni, I'm so sorry."
"No, it's all right," her wolf's voice flitted through her head for the last time. "You and I are one. No matter the distance we will always be one. Take care of our Mate and pups. I will watch over you all from here. We will be together one day...just don't make it too soon."
"Deal," Phoebe rested her forehead against her wolf's. They were one. While Máni watched from the shadows Phoebe would raise their pups with a love only a mother could give them.
"It's time," the Goddess warned.
Phoebe stood on shaky legs, "What do I have to do?"
"Step into the pool," the Goddess indicated the pond. "The way is open. Do not try to fight it. Allow yourself to be drawn to your Mate. If you fight it your soul will forever be lost, wandering, and will never return here again." "H-has this ever been done before?" Phoebe nervously asked.
"Once. It is rare for bonds to be strong enough to try."
"And...did it work?"
The Goddess pressed her lips together and didn't answer. It was not the way of any god or goddess to reveal answers too readily. And knowing the answer would not aid her now. Phoebe nodded in understanding before she stepped to the pond's edge. The waters were completely still and as black as night, reflecting the moon perfectly like a mirror. She let out a slow breath and stepped into the water. It rippled at the disturbance and chilled her legs to the bone. Suddenly, she sank into it as if stepping off a hidden ledge.
Phoebe expected herself to float upward but instead she continued to slowly sink. She held her breath for as long as she could until her lungs screamed for air. Above, she could see the moon shining above the rippling surface, beckoning her to return. She fought the urge to swim toward it. She had to let herself sink. The pressure around her increased, squeezing the last air out of her chest but still she refused to fight.
She was just able to feel a small, subtle warmth in the deep cold. Phoebe closed her eyes and focused on it. That was the way home.
###Chapter 111
Jason rocked back and forth, clutching the tiny pup to his chest as sobs wracked his chest and a tremendous sense of loss consumed him. He was empty, a hollow shell. Lobo had gone silent, almost comatose. Their mate was gone.
They would never smell her delicate lilac and sage scent again. Their hunger would never be stoked by the spicy scent of her arousal. He would never be able to eat spicy food again. It would be like eating chalk. His soul was in a thousand pieces and his heart was shattered. Phoebe was gone. She was gone and the only piece of her left was the tiny pup cradled in his arms and its sibling. Her last gift to him.
He would love them, cherish them and raise them with all the care and attention Phoebe expected of him. But it wouldn't be the same. What was he going to tell them when they asked about their mother? What could he say that would alleviate their loss? A sob escaped from him.
"Jason, I know this is hard but," Norah reached out to touch his arm and comfort him. "One day, you'll get a second chance and..."
"No," Jason suddenly snarled. "Never."
"Jason."
"NO! Phoebe was my one and only. I'll never accept another," Jason kissed his son's head. "Never."
Norah pressed her lips together and held her peace. There was no sense in arguing. Jason's pain was too raw. Later, after he had mourned and calmed down, when his heart had enough time to heal, he would find someone to fill the void that now consumed him. The Moon Goddess would not abandon her son.
A heavy silence settled around them, broken only by the monitor's continued whine. Even the newborn pups had fallen silent, as if knowing what they had lost.
"Time of death, seven forty-seven," Doctor Evans quietly announced, gesturing for Bridget to turn off the monitor. Bridget shook as she reached for it only to cry out as a shock caused her to stumble away. Doctor Evans and several others looked at her in confusion. "It shocked me," Bridget said by way of explanation when a sudden, single beep drew their attention.
They looked at the monitor's flat line in confusion as another bleep registered. Then another. Then another.
They stared in shock. Phoebe had been gone for ten minutes. It simply wasn't possible.
But more blips continued to scroll across the screen. Her vitals slowly crept upward. Then they felt it. Their Luna's bond that had ripped a hole through their pack link was knitting it closed again. They all gave out a collective, relieved gasp as her presence and care once again pulsed through their bond.
It really was her.
Jason suddenly lurched to his feet and stumbled toward the bed. He didn't know he was holding his breath as he reached out to her and grasped her hand. Tingles of the mate bond traveled up his arm and he nearly collapsed as relief flooded him. She was back.
Jason leaned over her, kissing her forehead.
Thank the Goddess, she was back.
***
Phoebe stirred.
Her chest ached and everything felt heavy and strange. She forced her eyes open, taking in a dark room. Her eyes slowly adjusted. It was night. Moonlight streamed through the window. The monitor quietly beeped displaying her vitals.
At the foot of her bed she spied two baby beds. Bundled in each was a small form she could barely see but somehow felt unbreakable connections to each. Her gaze drifted further. There was another bed and there she saw Blake and Emma curled up together. Apparently, they had refused to go back to the packhouse, wanting to be close when she finally awakened.
Eventually, her gaze settled on Jason. He sat in a chair beside her bed with his head resting on the mattress, one hand firmly gripping hers. A smile twitched her lips and her heart pounded as the mate bond sent tingles up her arm. She was really back. Gently freeing her hand, she quietly ran her fingers through his hair.
His brow furrowed and he groaned. He blinked awake, looking around as if unsure where he was until his gaze met hers. Jason suddenly stood, reaching out to caress her cheek.
"Phoebe?"
She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out. Phoebe swallowed with difficulty, finding her throat dry and harsh.
"Wait," Jason darted to the small connecting bathroom.
She heard water running and he returned with a cup of water. He used the bed's controls to raise her up to a sitting position. Bringing the cup to her lips, he carefully tipped it so she could sip. A little dribbled down her chin and he gently wiped it up as she tested her voice again.
"... Jason."
"I'm here, angel," he smiled, nuzzling her and kissing her temple. "I'll always be here."
She could feel his love pouring into their bond but it couldn't quite fill the void in her soul. That was right... Máni. Tears seeped out of her eyes.
"Shh, shh," Jason gently wiped her tears away startled by her sudden change of demeanor. "I'm here, angel. I won't let anything happen to you." "Jason," Phoebe shuddered. "She's gone."
"What? Who?"
"Máni. Máni is gone."
"What?" Jason looked at her in shock. She couldn't mean what he thought she meant. Lobo whimpered.
"She said...she said Máni couldn't come back with me."
"Who said?"
"The Goddess. I saw her. She said she could send me back but I had to sacrifice Máni to do so," Phoebe sniffled. "Máni, she said she said, Go. We both couldn't leave you and our pups. She said she'd wait for us... but she's gone. Jason..." "Shh, shh, angel," Jason slipped an arm around her and held her close until her tears were spent. "You didn't leave her. She told you to go. So we could be together. It was her choice too."
Phoebe let out a haggard breath as his scent and presence calmed her. She clung to his comfort. His arms trembled and she left his worry through the bond. She didn't need to be told how affected he had been by her brief death. It was what had drawn her back. "We'll figure it out," Jason assured her.
He had no idea how she would cope being wolfless. How would it affect their bond? How would it affect her bond with the pack? Would she even be able to mindlink?
He didn't know, but none of it mattered. What mattered was that they had been given a second chance and they would not waste it. Kissing her forehead, he went to one of the baby cradles and picked up the small form within. Gently cradling it, he brought it to her and transferred it into her arms. Phoebe whimpered, rocking the baby as it stirred.
Jason retrieved the other and joined her again. After they were cleaned up, nurses placed both pups on Phoebe's chest, encouraging them to bond with their mother though she was unconscious. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. Both managed to nurse as well as it was important for their first milk to come from their mother and luckily she had plenty to give. Since then, nurses gave each of them bottles but neither of the twins seemed fond of their formula.
They debated whether to keep the twins in her room or take them to the maturity ward, allowing Phoebe to rest peacefully. Jason ultimately insisted they stay. When Phoebe woke he wanted to be able to place them in her arms. He was glad he insisted. "Say hello to our son and daughter," Jason smiled.
Though she still felt the pains of her loss, Phoebe couldn't help but smile. She leaned forward and kissed the pup's forehead as it snuggled in her arms. Tears blurred her vision, but this time they were happy ones.
###Chapter 112
Two Years Later
"No hitting Jermy! Mommy, Jermy's hitting!"
"Jerome, Fecelia," Phoebe shook her head. "Be nice to each other."
My precious, little darlings.
She sighed, leaning back in her chair picking up the book she had been reading. A smile warmed her already glowing expression, but there was also a note of sadness in her gaze.
Two years ago, she died giving birth to her twins. Only by sacrificing her wolf was she able to return. The pain of her loss had dulled over time but it continued to ache and probably always would especially in these quiet moments when she could almost hear what her wolf would say. Some paragraphs are incomplete if you are not reading this novel on FindNovel.net. Visit FindNovel.net to read the complete chapters for free. But Phoebe refused to allow herself to become bitter. It was not just her sacrifice. It was also Máni's. They chose to part so their mate and pups wouldn't be alone.
Since her recovery, Phoebe learned she no longer possessed immunity to wolfsbane or silver. It happened quite by accident when Lucille pushed a can of beer in her hand during the celebration of the twin's names. It was an aconite blend and one beer had her head spinning. Since then she learned to be more careful and had undergone wolfsbane training to build up some tolerance.
Her strength, stamina and speed were drastically lessened, though she was still stronger than a normal human. One thing that wasn't affected was her bond with Jason. If anything, it was stronger than ever. Miraculously, she also retained her ability to mindlink with him and the pack so communication was not an issue.
According to others, her aura was also just as strong. When she entered a room everyone immediately took notice and none dared ridicule her. In fact, most didn't realize she was wolfless until they were told.
Also, quite unexpectedly, Phoebe noted she retained the ability to sense the bonds of others. She and Kleio had many long discussions about what happened to her and what she learned about silver wolves through her brief conversation with the Moon Goddess. While the information was important, they both agreed on the need for security. After several conversations with Jason and Elder Ansel, all were in agreement that information concerning silver wolves should be classified. New Moon would retain the information in their special archives and would make it available only when, and if, another silver wolf appeared. This included Eris's journal, although Phoebe was allowed to retain a copy, now fully restored for herself.
After reading it several times she decided to write her own journal with insights for the next silver wolf. Hopefully, this would help alleviate the alienation she had long harbored during her life.
"We're back!" Blake and Emma announced as they rushed into the room slinging their backpacks on the floor now that the school day was done.
They immediately joined their little siblings on the floor to help put the puzzle together. From the very beginning they were infatuated with the twins and eagerly took on the roles of big brother and sister. Phoebe smiled enjoying the moment of domestic bliss. "Hey, beautiful."
Phoebe looked up and smiled as Jason followed the pups in. He sat down beside her and immediately pulled her into his embrace. He caressed her large, bulging belly eager to meet the pup that would soon be born.
After she was discharged from the hospital two years ago, Phoebe wasn't sure she would even be able to conceive let alone carry another pup especially after she skipped her next heat cycle completely. However, it seemed it had merely been her body resetting itself and her heat returned in full force the next year, resulting in the pup currently kicking her spleen.
And they weren't the only ones expanding their family. A year ago, Luke and Mona welcomed their first pup, Patrick. He was definitely the apple of his proud father's eye. For weeks, Luke was beside himself, never wanting to let the pup out of his sight. Mona came close to barring him from the nursery just to ensure the pup could get a full nap in.
Not surprisingly, Luke was already pestering for another one now that Jason and Phoebe were expecting again, but Mona put her foot down as she needed to focus on her new study. Rogue attacks and feral rogues in general were at an all time low. At the same time, the number of wolves waiting and accepting their fated mates was on the rise. It was too soon to know if the figures represented a correlation or were merely a coincidence, but Phoebe believed it was the former.
"Ben! Oh, my Goddess! Knock it off!" Lucille's voice echoed throughout the alpha floor. "It's only been a month! This pup isn't coming out any time soon!"
With Jason and Luke starting families, Ben had been eager to follow suit; however, Lucille was far more reluctant. Phoebe wasn't certain if it was fear based on what happened during the twins' birth or if Lucille was unsure of her ability to be a mother.
To encourage her, Phoebe often pushed one of the twins on her for practice. Gradually, Lucille had gotten more comfortable. Despite taking precautions during her last heat, Lucille ended up conceiving. Ben was overjoyed and now making a pest of himself. Phoebe hoped the gamma settled down before his mate took matters into her own hands.
Phoebe chuckled as they continued to bicker. Jason's embrace tightened and his chest rumbled with pleasure. It had taken Lobo months to recover from the loss of his mate. Phoebe wished he could have spent more time with Máni. It was unfair their time together had been so short. Whenever Lobo was missing her too much Jason would shift allowing his wolf to spend time with Phoebe and their pups, finding solace in them. Fecelia took to calling him her doggy daddy and loved cuddling in his thick fur. "So, how was today?" Jason asked.
"Oh, you know, a little strained peas, a little diaper duty, some games and a few kicks."
Jason rubbed her belly.
"And I finished reading Eris's diary with the restored entries," Phoebe nodded to the book on the coffee table. "Anything interesting?"
"Yeah, actually. In the last entries she wrote that her wolf was becoming more morose and it made her worried about the pup," Phoebe said. "It makes me wonder if her wolf had the same inkling Máni did at the end. Eris wrote that since her wolf was being silent on gender she was going to be prepared and chose two names: Dante, if it was a boy and Grace, if it was a girl."
"Interesting," Jason nodded.
"The interesting part is what Kleio's research turned up. Dante was, in fact, the second ever Wolf King. But it gets better," Phoebe said. "Records for that time are slim, but Kleio did find evidence Grace also existed. It didn't mention her being the king's sister, but it did say she found her fated mate, Vincent. Dante, on the other hand, took a chosen mate to solidify his position as king. But do you know why Vincent is significant?"
"No, can't say I do."
"It's because he's your great-great-so many greats-grandfather and one of the first alphas of Blue Moon," Phoebe announced, "which gives Blue Moon a direct blood connection to the royal family line." Jason's brow shot up. That was interesting.
"It's kind of interesting Achan's predictions turned out to be accurate even if he was completely wrong," Phoebe said after a moment. "He said a silver wolf only gives birth once....and it's true. I mean, I'm not a silver wolf anymore. He said the royal line would be strengthened by the inclusion of silver wolf blood. And that's your line."
Jason hugged her close, stifling a growl. He hated her thinking about the cruel prince or anything related to her brief death. All he cared about was the future. And his future was with her.
"It's quite the coincidence," he finally said.
"Coincidence? Or fate?" Phoebe challenged.
Jason chuckled, nuzzling her. It didn't matter to him what forces brought them together. All that mattered was that none would tear them apart.
Not now.
Not ever.
